Risks, Uncertainties and Other Factors That May Affect Future Results 

 Our operating results and financial condition could be harmed if the markets into which we sell our products decline or do not grow as anticipated. 

        Visibility into our markets is limited. Our quarterly sales and operating results are highly dependent on the volume and timing of orders received during the
fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast. In addition, our revenues and earnings forecasts for future fiscal quarters are often based on the expected seasonality or cyclicality of our markets.
However, the markets we serve do not always experience the seasonality or cyclicality that we expect. Any decline in our customers' markets or in general economic conditions would likely result in a
reduction in demand for our products and services. For example, if the Asia Pacific market does not grow as anticipated, our results could suffer. We experienced recent weakness in our Asia Pacific
market, notably in Japan and particularly during the six months ended October 31, 2007. The broader semiconductor market is one of the drivers for our electronic measurement business, and
therefore, a decrease in the semiconductor market could harm our electronic measurement business. Also, if our customers' markets decline, we may not be able to collect on outstanding amounts due to
us. Such decline could harm our consolidated financial position, results of
operations, cash flows and stock price, and could limit our ability to sustain profitability. Also, in such an environment, pricing pressures could intensify. Since a significant portion of our
operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature due to sales, research and development and manufacturing costs, if we were unable to respond quickly enough these pricing pressures could further
reduce our gross margins. 

 The actions that we have taken in order to reduce costs could have long-term adverse effects on our business. 

        We have largely completed our program to transition our company to a reduced cost structure. These reductions and regular ongoing evaluations of our cost
structure, could have the effect of reducing our talent pool and available resources and, consequently, could have long-term effects on our business by decreasing or slowing improvements
in our products, affecting our ability to respond to customers, limiting our ability to increase production quickly if and when the demand for our products increases and limiting our ability to hire
and retain key personnel. These circumstances could cause our income to be lower than it otherwise might be and, as a result, adversely affect our stock price. 

 If we do not introduce successful new products and services in a timely manner, our products and services will become obsolete, and our operating results will suffer. 

        We generally sell our products in industries that are characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product and service introductions and changing
industry standards. In addition, many of the markets in which we operate are seasonal and cyclical. Without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and
services will become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and operating results would suffer. The success of our new products and services will depend on several factors,
including our ability to: 

•

properly
identify customer needs;

•

innovate
and develop new technologies, services and applications;

•

successfully
commercialize new technologies in a timely manner;

•

manufacture
and deliver our products in sufficient volumes on time;

•

differentiate
our offerings from our competitors' offerings; 

20

•

price
our products competitively;

•

anticipate
our competitors' development of new products, services or technological innovations; and

•

control
product quality in our manufacturing process. 

 Dependence on contract manufacturing and outsourcing other portions of our supply chain may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and damage our reputation. Dependence on outsourced
information technology and other administrative functions may impair our ability to operate effectively. 

        As part of our efforts to streamline operations and to cut costs, we have been outsourcing aspects of our manufacturing processes and other functions and will
continue to evaluate additional outsourcing. If our contract manufacturers or other outsourcers fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, our ability to
bring products to market and our reputation could suffer. For example, during a market upturn, our contract manufacturers may be unable to meet our demand requirements, which may preclude us from
fulfilling our customers' orders on a timely basis. The ability of these manufacturers to perform is largely outside of our control. In addition, we outsource significant portions of our information
technology ("IT") function and other administrative functions. Since IT is critical to our operations, any failure to
perform on the part of the IT providers could impair our ability to operate effectively. In addition to the risks outlined above, problems with manufacturing or IT outsourcing could result in lower
revenues, unexecuted efficiencies, and impact our results of operations and our stock price. Much of our outsourcing takes place in developing countries and, as a result, may be subject to
geopolitical uncertainty. 

 Failure to adjust our purchases due to changing market conditions or failure to estimate our customers' demand could adversely affect our income. 

        Our income could be harmed if we are unable to adjust our purchases to market fluctuations, including those caused by the seasonal or cyclical nature of the
markets in which we operate. The sale of our products and services are dependent, to a large degree, on customers whose industries are subject to seasonal or cyclical trends in the demand for their
products. For example, the consumer electronics market is particularly volatile, making demand difficult to anticipate. During a market upturn, we may not be able to purchase sufficient supplies or
components to meet increasing product demand, which could materially affect our results. In addition, some of the parts that require custom design are not readily available from alternate suppliers
due to their unique design or the length of time necessary for design work. Should a supplier cease manufacturing such a component, we would be forced to reengineer our product. In addition to
discontinuing parts, suppliers may also extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. In order to secure components for the production of products,
we may continue to enter into non-cancelable purchase commitments with vendors, or at times make advance payments to suppliers, which could impact our ability to adjust our inventory to
declining market demands. Prior commitments of this type have resulted in an excess of parts when demand for our communications and electronics products has decreased. If demand for our products is
less than we expect, we may experience additional excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional charges. 

 Our income may suffer if our manufacturing capacity does not match the demand for our products. 

        Because we cannot immediately adapt our production capacity and related cost structures to rapidly changing market conditions, when demand does not meet our
expectations, our manufacturing capacity will likely exceed our production requirements. If, during a general market upturn or an 

21

upturn
in one of our segments, we cannot increase our manufacturing capacity to meet product demand, we will not be able to fulfill orders in a timely manner. This inability could materially and
adversely limit our ability to improve our results. By contrast, if during an economic downturn we had excess manufacturing capacity, then our fixed costs associated with excess manufacturing capacity
would adversely affect our income. 

 Economic, political and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations. 

        Because we sell our products worldwide, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. We anticipate that revenue from
international operations will continue to represent a majority of our total revenue. In addition, many of our employees, contract manufacturers, suppliers, job functions and manufacturing facilities
are increasingly located outside the U.S. Accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including: 

•

interruption
to transportation flows for delivery of parts to us and finished goods to our customers;

•

changes
in foreign currency exchange rates;

•

changes
in a specific country's or region's political, economic or other conditions;

•

trade
protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;

•

negative
consequences from changes in tax laws;

•

difficulty
in staffing and managing widespread operations;

•

differing
labor regulations;

•

differing
protection of intellectual property;

•

unexpected
changes in regulatory requirements; and

•

geopolitical
turmoil, including terrorism and war. 

        We
centralized most of our accounting processes to two locations: India and Malaysia. These processes include general accounting, cost accounting, accounts payable and accounts
receivables functions. If conditions change in those countries, it may adversely affect operations, including impairing our ability to pay our suppliers and collect our receivables. Our results of
operations, as well as our liquidity, may be adversely affected and possible delays may occur in reporting financial results. In addition, although the majority of our products are priced and paid for
in U.S. dollars, a significant amount of certain types of expenses, such as payroll, utilities, tax, and marketing expenses, are paid in local currencies. Our hedging programs reduce, but do not
always entirely eliminate, within any given twelve month period, the impact of currency exchange rate movements, and therefore fluctuations in exchange rates, including those caused by currency
controls, could impact our business operating results and financial condition by resulting in lower revenue or increased expenses. However, for expenses beyond that twelve month period, our hedging
strategy does not mitigate our exposure. 

 Our business will suffer if we are not able to retain and hire key personnel. 

        Our future success depends partly on the continued service of our key research, engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing, executive and administrative
personnel. If we fail to retain and hire a sufficient number of these personnel, we will not be able to maintain or expand our business. The markets in which we operate are very dynamic, and our
businesses continue to respond with reorganizations, workforce reductions and site closures. We believe our pay levels are very competitive within the regions that we operate. However, there is also
intense competition for certain highly 

22

technical
specialties in geographic areas where we continue to recruit, and it may become more difficult to retain our key employees. 

 The impact of consolidation of competitors in the test and measurement market is difficult to predict and may harm our business. 

        The test and measurement industry is intensely competitive and has been subject to increasing consolidation. For instance, in November 2007, Danaher
Corporation, one of our competitors, completed the acquisition of Tektronix, Inc., another of our competitors. Consolidation in the test and measurement industry could result in existing
competitors increasing their market share through business combinations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able
to compete successfully in an increasingly consolidated industry and cannot predict with certainty how industry consolidation will affect our competitors or us. 

 Our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures may result in financial results that are different than expected. 

        In the normal course of business, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties relating to possible acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures
and divestitures, and generally expect to complete several transactions per year. For example, in our fiscal year 2006, we completed the divestiture of our semiconductor products business and
spin-off of our semiconductor test solutions business, and this year we completed several acquisitions, including the acquisition of Stratagene Corporation in our third fiscal quarter. As
a result of such
transactions, our financial results may differ from our own or the investment community's expectations in a given fiscal quarter, or over the long term. Such transactions often have
post-closing arrangements including but not limited to post-closing adjustments, transition services, escrows or indemnifications, the financial results of which can be
difficult to predict. In addition, acquisitions and strategic alliances may require us to integrate a different company culture, management team and business infrastructure. We may have difficulty
developing, manufacturing and marketing the products of a newly acquired company in a way that enhances the performance of our combined businesses or product lines to realize the value from expected
synergies. Depending on the size and complexity of an acquisition, our successful integration of the entity depends on a variety of factors, including: 

•

the
retention of key employees;

•

the
management of facilities and employees in different geographic areas;

•

the
retention of key customers;

•

the
compatibility of our sales programs and facilities within those of the acquired company; and

•

the
compatibility of our existing infrastructure with that of an acquired company. 

        A
successful divestiture depends on various factors, including our ability to: 

•

effectively
transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities and employees to the purchaser;

•

identify
and separate the intellectual property to be divested from the intellectual property that we wish to keep; and

•

reduce
fixed costs previously associated with the divested assets or business. 

        Future
impairment of the value of purchased assets and goodwill could have a significant negative impact on our future operating results. And, our inability to timely and effectively
apply our systems of 

23

internal
controls to an acquired business could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. 

        In
addition, if customers of the divested business do not receive the same level of service from the new owners, this may adversely affect our other businesses to the extent that these
customers also purchase other Agilent products. All of these efforts require varying levels of management resources, which may divert our attention from other business operations. Further, if market
conditions or other factors lead us to change our strategic direction, we may not realize the expected value from such transactions. If we do not realize the expected benefits or synergies of such
transactions, our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price could be negatively impacted. 

 Environmental contamination from past operations could subject us to unreimbursed costs and could harm on-site operations and the future use and value of the properties involved and
environmental contamination caused by ongoing operations could subject us to substantial liabilities in the future. 

        Some of our properties are undergoing remediation by HP for subsurface contaminations that were known at the time of our separation from HP. HP has agreed to
retain the liability for this subsurface contamination, perform the required remediation and indemnify us with respect to claims arising out of that contamination. HP will have access to our