We face significant competition for users, advertisers, publishers, developers, and distributors. 

We face significant competition from online media companies, social media and networking sites, traditional print and broadcast media, search engines, and
various e-commerce sites. In a number of international markets, especially those in Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Latin America, we face substantial competition from local Internet service providers and other portals that offer search,
communications, and other commercial services. 

Several of our competitors offer an integrated variety of Internet products, advertising
services, technologies, online services and content in a manner similar to Yahoo. We compete against these and other companies to attract and retain users, advertisers, developers, and third-party Website publishers as participants in our Affiliate
network, and to obtain agreements with third parties to promote or distribute our services. We also compete with social media and networking sites which are increasingly used to communicate and share information, and which are attracting a
substantial and increasing share of users, users’ online time, and online advertising dollars. 

A key element of our strategy is focusing
on mobile products and mobile advertising formats, as well as increasing our revenue from mobile. A number of our competitors have devoted significant resources to the development of products and services for mobile devices. Currently our
revenue from mobile is not material and our competitors have mobile revenue significantly greater than ours. If we are unable to develop products for mobile devices that users find engaging and that help us grow our mobile revenue, our
competitive position, our financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 

In addition, a number of competitors offer products and
services that directly compete for users with our offerings, including e-mail, search, sports, news and finance. Similarly, the advertising networks operated by our competitors or by other participants in the display marketplace offer advertising
exchanges, ad networks, demand side platforms, ad serving technologies, sponsored search offerings, and other services that directly compete for advertisers with our offerings. We also compete with traditional print and broadcast media companies to
attract domestic and international advertising spending. Some of our existing competitors and possible entrants may have greater brand recognition for certain products and services, more expertise in particular market segments, and greater
operational, strategic, technological, financial, personnel, or other resources than we do. Many of our competitors have access to considerable financial and technical resources with which to compete aggressively, including by funding future growth
and expansion and investing in acquisitions, technologies, and research and development. Further, emerging start-ups may be able to innovate and provide new products and services faster than we can. In addition, competitors may consolidate or
collaborate with each other, and new competitors may enter the market. Some of our competitors in international markets have a substantial competitive advantage over us because they have dominant market share in their territories, have greater local
brand recognition, are focused on a single market, are more familiar with local tastes and preferences, or have greater regulatory and operational flexibility due to the fact that we may be subject to both U.S. and foreign regulatory requirements.

If our competitors are more successful than we are in developing and deploying compelling products or in attracting and retaining users,
advertisers, publishers, developers, or distributors, our revenue and growth rates could decline. 

We generate the majority of our
revenue from display and search advertising, and the reduction in spending by or loss of current or potential advertisers would cause our revenue and operating results to decline. 

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2013, 79 percent of our total revenue came from display and search advertising. Our ability to retain and grow display and search revenue depends upon:

•

 maintaining and growing our user base and popularity as an Internet destination site; 

•

 maintaining the popularity of our existing products and introducing engaging new products and making our new and existing products popular and
distributable on mobile and other alternative devices and platforms; 

13 

Table of Contents

•

 maintaining and expanding our advertiser base on PCs and mobile devices; 

•

 broadening our relationships with advertisers to small- and medium-sized businesses; 

•

 successfully implementing changes and improvements to our advertising management platforms and obtaining the acceptance of our advertising management
platforms by advertisers, Website publishers, and online advertising networks; 

•

 successfully acquiring, investing in, and implementing new technologies and strategic partnerships; 

•

 successfully implementing changes in our sales force, sales development teams, and sales strategy; 

•

 continuing to innovate and improve the monetization capabilities of our display advertising and mobile products; 

•

 effectively monetizing mobile and other search queries; 

•

 continuing to innovate and improve users’ search experiences; 

•

 maintaining and expanding our Affiliate program for search and display advertising services; and 

•

 deriving better demographic and other information about our users to enable us to offer better experiences to both our users and advertisers.

In most cases, our agreements with advertisers have a term of one year or less, and may be terminated at any time by the
advertiser or by us. Search marketing agreements often have payments dependent upon usage or click-through levels. Accordingly, it is difficult to forecast display and search revenue accurately. In addition, our expense levels are based in part on
expectations of future revenue, including occasional guaranteed minimum payments to our Affiliates in connection with search and/or display advertising, and are fixed over the short-term in some categories. The state of the global economy, growth
rate of the online advertising market, and availability of capital has impacted and could further impact the advertising spending patterns of our existing and potential advertisers. Any reduction in spending by, or loss of, existing or potential
advertisers would negatively impact our revenue and operating results. Further, we may be unable to adjust our expenses and capital expenditures quickly enough to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. 

If we do not manage our operating expenses effectively, our profitability could decline. 

We plan to continue to manage costs to better and more efficiently manage our business. However, our operating expenses might increase as we expand our
operations in areas of desired growth, continue to develop and extend the Yahoo brand, fund product development, build or expand data centers, acquire additional office space, and continue to make talent acquisitions and to acquire and integrate
complementary businesses and technologies. If our expenses increase at a greater pace than our revenue, or if we fail to effectively manage costs, our profitability will decline. 

If we are unable to provide innovative search experiences and other products and services that generate significant traffic to our Websites, our business could be harmed, causing our revenue to
decline. 

Internet search is characterized by rapidly changing technology, significant competition, evolving industry standards, and
frequent product and service enhancements. Even though we have substantially completed the transition to Microsoft’s platform, we still need to continue to invest and innovate to improve our users’ search experience to continue to attract,
retain, and expand our user base and paid search advertiser base. We also need to continue to invest in and innovate on the mobile search experience. 

We also generate revenue through other online products and services, such as Yahoo Mail, and continue to innovate the products and services that we offer. The research and development of new,
technologically advanced products is a complex process that requires significant levels of innovation and investment, as well as 

14 

Table of Contents

accurate anticipation of technology, market and consumer trends. If we are unable to provide innovative products and services which generate significant traffic to our Websites, our business
could be harmed, causing our revenue to decline. 

Risks associated with our Search Agreement with Microsoft may adversely affect our
business and operating results. 

Under our Search Agreement with Microsoft, Microsoft is the exclusive algorithmic and paid search
services provider on Yahoo Properties and non-exclusive provider of such services on Affiliate sites for the transitioned markets. Approximately 31 percent, 25 percent, and 20 percent of our revenue for 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, were
attributable to the Search Agreement. Our business and operating results would be adversely affected by a significant decline in or loss of this revenue. 

Implementation of our Search Agreement with Microsoft commenced on February 23, 2010. We have completed the transition of our algorithmic search platform to the Microsoft platform and have
substantially completed transition of paid search. 

In September 2013, the Company advised Microsoft that we were delaying the transition of
paid search in Taiwan and Hong Kong. Microsoft disagreed with the delay and the parties engaged in litigation regarding the transition of these markets. The transition of paid search in Taiwan and Hong Kong was completed in December 2013; however,
Microsoft could seek recovery of its costs and damages. 

Under the Search Agreement, Microsoft initially agreed to guarantee Yahoo’s
revenue per search (“RPS Guarantee”) on Yahoo Properties for 18 months after the transition of paid search services to Microsoft’s platform in each market based on the difference in revenue per search between the pre-transition and
post-transition periods and certain other factors. Paid search services in the U.S. and Canada transitioned to Microsoft’s platform in the fourth quarter of 2010, other markets followed as described above. To date, there has been a gap in
revenue per search between pre-transition and post-transition periods in most markets and the payments under the RPS Guarantee were intended to compensate for the difference. In the fourth quarter of 2011, Microsoft agreed to extend the RPS
Guarantee in the U.S. and Canada through March 2013, and in the second quarter of 2013 Microsoft extended the RPS Guarantee in the U.S. through March 2014. In June 2013, Microsoft and Yahoo agreed upon the RPS Guarantee payment amounts to be paid to
us for the quarters ended December 31, 2012, March 31, 2013 and June 30, 2013. We also agreed to fixed quarterly payments in lieu of the RPS Guarantee in the U.S. for the quarters ending September 30,
2013, December 31, 2013 and March 31, 2014. In addition, we agreed to waive our right to receive any future RPS Guarantee payments in all markets except Taiwan and Hong Kong. 

To the extent the fixed quarterly payments and any RPS Guarantee payments we receive from Microsoft do not fully offset any shortfall relating to revenue per search in the transitioned markets or any
shortfall continues after the expiration of the fixed quarterly payments and RPS Guarantee payments, our search revenue and profitability would decline. Notwithstanding the fixed quarterly payments or any RPS Guarantee payments we may receive from
Microsoft, our competitors may continue to increase revenue, profitability, and market share at a higher rate than we do. 

As mobile
advertising continues to evolve and people increasingly access our products via mobile devices rather than PCs, our financial results may be adversely impacted if our mobile offerings are not widely adopted by users, advertisers and device
manufacturers or if we do not generate adequate revenue from our mobile offerings. 

The number of people who access the Internet
through mobile devices rather than a PC, including mobile telephones, smartphones and tablets, is increasing and will likely continue to increase dramatically. Approximately half of our monthly users are now joining us on mobile. In addition, search
queries are increasingly being undertaken through mobile devices. We expect our ability to grow advertising revenue will become increasingly dependent on our ability to generate revenue from ads displayed on mobile devices. 

15 

Table of Contents

A key element of our strategy is focusing on mobile devices and we expect to continue to devote significant
resources to the creation and support of developing new and innovative mobile products and services. However, if our new mobile products and services, including new forms of Internet advertising for mobile devices, are not more attractive and
successful in attracting and retaining users, advertisers and device manufacturers than those of our competitors and fail to generate and grow revenue, our operating and financial results will be adversely impacted. 

To the extent that an access provider or device manufacturer enters into a distribution arrangement with one of our competitors, or as our competitors
design, develop, or acquire control of alternative devices or their operating systems, we face an increased risk that our users will favor the services or properties of that competitor. We are dependent on the interoperability of our products and
services with mobile operating systems we do not control. The manufacturer or access provider might promote a competitor’s services or might impair users’ access to our services by blocking access through their devices or by not making our
services or apps available in a readily-discoverable manner on their devices. If distributors impair access to or refuse to distribute our services or apps, then our user engagement and revenue could decline. 

If we are unable to license or acquire compelling content and services at reasonable cost or if we do not develop or commission compelling content
of our own, the number of users of our services may not grow as anticipated, or may decline, or users’ level of engagement with our services may decline, all or any of which could harm our operating results. 

Our future success depends in part on our ability to aggregate compelling content and deliver that content through our online properties. We license from
third parties much of the content and services on our online properties, such as news items, stock quotes, weather reports, video, and maps. We believe that users will increasingly demand high-quality content and services. We may need to make
substantial payments to third parties from whom we license or acquire such content or services. Our ability to maintain and build relationships with such third-party providers is critical to our success. In addition, as users increasingly access the
Internet via mobile and other alternative devices, we may need to enter into amended agreements with existing third-party providers to cover the new devices. We may be unable to enter into new, or preserve existing, relationships with the
third-parties whose content or services we seek to obtain. In addition, as competition for compelling content increases both domestically and internationally, our third-party providers may increase the prices at which they offer their content and
services to us, and potential providers may not offer their content or services to us at all, or may offer them on terms that are not agreeable to us. An increase in the prices charged to us by third-party providers could harm our operating results
and financial condition. Further, because many of our content and services licenses with third parties are non-exclusive, other media providers may be able to offer similar or identical content. This increases the importance of our ability to
deliver compelling editorial content and personalization of this content for users in order to differentiate Yahoo from other businesses. If we are unable to license or acquire compelling content at reasonable cost, if other companies distribute
content or services that are similar to or the same as that provided by us, or if we do not develop or commission compelling editorial content or personalization services, the number of users of our services may not grow as anticipated, or may
decline, or users’ level of engagement with our services may decline, all or any of which could harm our operating results. 

Acquisitions and strategic investments could result in adverse impacts on our operations and in unanticipated liabilities. 

We have acquired, and have made strategic investments in, a number of companies (including through joint ventures) in the past, and we expect to make
additional acquisitions and strategic investments in the future. Such transactions may result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, use of our cash resources, and incurrence of debt and amortization expenses related to intangible assets.
Our acquisitions and strategic investments to date were accompanied by a number of risks, including: 

•

 the difficulty of assimilating the operations and personnel of acquired companies into our operations; 

•

 the potential disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; 

16 

Table of Contents

•

 the incurrence of additional operating losses and operating expenses of the businesses we acquired or in which we invested;

•

 the difficulty of integrating acquired technology and rights into our services and unanticipated expenses related to such integration;

•

 the failure to successfully further develop an acquired business or technology and any resulting impairment of amounts currently capitalized as
intangible assets; 

•

 the failure of strategic investments to perform as expected or to meet financial projections; 

•

 the potential for patent and trademark infringement and data privacy and security claims against the acquired companies, or companies in which we have
invested; 

•

 litigation or other claims in connection with acquisitions, acquired companies, or companies in which we have invested; 

•

 the impairment or loss of relationships with customers and partners of the companies we acquired or in which we invested or with our customers and
partners as a result of the integration of acquired operations; 

•

 the impairment of relationships with, or failure to retain, employees of acquired companies or our existing employees as a result of integration of new
personnel; 

•

 our lack of, or limitations on our, control over the operations of our joint venture companies; 

•

 the difficulty of integrating operations, systems, and controls as a result of cultural, regulatory, systems, and operational differences;

•

 in the case of foreign acquisitions and investments, the impact of particular economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated
with specific countries; and 

•

 the impact of known potential liabilities or liabilities that may be unknown, including as a result of inadequate internal controls, associated with
the companies we acquired or in which we invested. 

We are likely to experience similar risks in connection with our future
acquisitions and strategic investments. Our failure to be successful in addressing these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and strategic investments could cause us to fail to realize the
anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally. 

We may be
required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets, investments in equity interests, including investments held by our equity method investees, or other investments become impaired. 

We are required under generally accepted accounting principles to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and to review our amortizable intangible
assets and investments in equity interests, including investments held by our equity method investees, for impairment when events or changes in circumstance indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that could lead to impairment of
goodwill and amortizable intangible assets (including goodwill or assets acquired via acquisitions) include significant adverse changes in the business climate and actual or projected operating results (affecting our company as a whole or affecting
any particular reporting unit) and declines in the financial condition of our business. Factors that could lead to impairment of investments in equity interests include a prolonged period of decline in the stock price or operating performance of, or
an announcement of adverse changes or events by, the companies in which we invested or the investments held by those companies. Factors that could lead to an impairment of U.S. government securities, which constitute a significant portion of our
assets, include any downgrade of U.S. government debt or concern about the creditworthiness of the U.S. government. We have recorded and may be required in the future to record additional charges to earnings if our goodwill, amortizable intangible
assets, investments in equity interests, including investments held by our equity investees, or other investments become impaired. Any such charge would adversely impact our financial results. 

17 

Table of Contents

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our operating results and
financial condition. 

Revenue generated and expenses incurred by our international subsidiaries and equity method investees are often
denominated in the currencies of the local countries. As a result, our consolidated U.S. dollar financial statements are subject to fluctuations due to changes in exchange rates as the financial results of our international subsidiaries and equity
method investees are translated from local currencies into U.S. dollars. Our financial results are also subject to changes in exchange rates that impact the settlement of transactions in non-local currencies. The carrying values of our equity
investments in our equity investees are also subject to fluctuations in the exchange rates of foreign currencies. 

We use derivative
instruments, such as foreign currency forward contracts, to partially offset certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such instruments may not offset any, or more than a portion, of the adverse financial
effects of unfavorable movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Any losses on these instruments that we experience may adversely impact our financial results, cash flows and financial condition. Further, we hedge a portion of our net investment
in Yahoo Japan with currency forward contracts. If the Japanese yen appreciated at maturity beyond the forward contract execution rates, we would be required to settle the contract by making a cash payment which could be material and could adversely
impact our cash flows and financial condition. See Part II, Item 7A—“Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” of this Annual Report. 

Our business depends on a strong brand, and failing to maintain or enhance the Yahoo brands in a cost-effective manner could harm our operating results. 

Maintaining and enhancing our brands is an important aspect of our efforts to attract and expand our user, advertiser, and Affiliate base. We believe that
the importance of brand recognition will increase due to the relatively low barriers to entry in certain portions of the Internet market. Maintaining and enhancing our brands will depend largely on our ability to provide high-quality, innovative
products and services, which we might not do successfully. We have spent and expect to spend considerable money and resources on the establishment and maintenance of our brands, as well as advertising, marketing, and other brand-building efforts to
preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands. Our brands may be negatively impacted by a number of factors such as service outages, product malfunctions, data protection and security issues, exploitation of our trademarks by others without
permission, and poor presentation or integration of our search marketing offerings by Affiliates on their sites or in their software and services. 

Further, while we attempt to ensure that the quality of our brands is maintained by our licensees, our licensees might take actions that could impair the value of our brands, our proprietary rights, or
the reputation of our products and media properties. If we are unable to maintain or enhance our brands in a cost-effective manner, or if we incur excessive expenses in these efforts, our business, operating results and financial condition could be
harmed. 

We are regularly involved in claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may result in adverse
outcomes. 

We are regularly involved in claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings arising from the ordinary course of
our business, including actions with respect to intellectual property claims, privacy, consumer protection, information security, data protection or law enforcement matters, tax matters, labor and employment claims, commercial claims, as well as
actions involving content generated by our users, stockholder derivative actions, purported class action lawsuits, and other matters. Such claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be
predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, such legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel, and other factors. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one
or more such proceedings could result in reputational harm, liability, penalties, or sanctions, as well as judgments, 

18 

Table of Contents

consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, or requiring a change in our business practices, products or technologies, which
could in the future materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. See Note 12—“Commitments and Contingencies” in the Notes to our consolidated financial statements. 

On May 15, 2013, the Superior Court of Justice for the Federal District of Mexico reversed a judgment of U.S. $2.75 billion that had been entered
against us and our subsidiary, Yahoo! Mexico, in a lawsuit brought by plaintiffs Worldwide Directories S.A. de C.V. and Ideas Interactivas, S.A. de C.V. The plaintiffs have appealed. We believe the plaintiffs’ claims are without legal or
factual merit. We do not believe that it is probable the judgment will be reinstated on appeal, however we cannot predict the timing of a decision or assure the ultimate outcome of the pending or further appeals. If we are ultimately
required to pay all or a significant portion of the judgment, together with any potential additional damages, interests and costs, it would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We will
also be required to record an accrual for the judgment if we should determine in the future that it is probable that we will be required to pay the judgment. 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any failure or inability to sufficiently protect them could harm our business and our operating results. 

We create, own, and maintain a wide array of copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade dress, trade secrets, rights to domain names and other intellectual
property assets which we believe are collectively among our most valuable assets. We seek to protect our intellectual property assets through patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark, and other laws of the U.S. and other countries of the world,
and through contractual provisions. However, the efforts we have taken to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights might not be sufficient or effective at stopping unauthorized use of those rights. Protection of the distinctive
elements of Yahoo might not always be available under copyright law or trademark law, or we might not discover or determine the full extent of any unauthorized use of our copyrights and trademarks in order to protect our rights. In addition,
effective trademark, patent, copyright, and trade secret protection might not be available or cost-effective in every country in which our products and media properties are distributed or made available through the Internet. Changes in patent law,
such as changes in the law regarding patentable subject matter, could also impact our ability to obtain patent protection for our innovations. In particular, recent amendments to the U.S. patent law may affect our ability to protect our innovations
and defend against claims of patent infringement. Further, given the costs of obtaining patent protection, we might choose not to protect (or not to protect in some jurisdictions) certain innovations that later turn out to be important. There is
also a risk that the scope of protection under our patents may not be sufficient in some cases or that existing patents may be deemed invalid or unenforceable. To help maintain our trade secrets, we have entered into confidentiality agreements with
most of our employees and contractors, and confidentiality agreements with many of the parties with whom we conduct business, in order to limit access to and disclosure of our proprietary information. If these confidentiality agreements are breached
it could compromise our trade secrets and cause us to lose any competitive advantage provided by those trade secrets. 

If we are unable to
protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use, the value of our intellectual property assets may be reduced. In addition, protecting our intellectual property and other proprietary rights is expensive and time consuming. Any increase in the
unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and consequently harm our operating results. 

We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property infringement or other third-party claims, which are costly to defend, could
result in significant damage awards, and could limit our ability to provide certain content or use certain technologies in the future. 

Internet, technology, media, and patent holding companies often possess a significant number of patents. Further, many of these companies and other
parties are actively developing or purchasing search, indexing, electronic commerce, and other Internet-related technologies, as well as a variety of online business models and methods. 

19 

Table of Contents

We believe that these parties will continue to take steps such as seeking patent protection to protect these
technologies. In addition, patent holding companies may continue to seek to monetize patents they have purchased or otherwise obtained. As a result, disputes regarding the ownership of technologies and rights associated with online businesses are
likely to continue to arise in the future. From time to time, parties assert patent infringement claims against us. Currently, we are engaged in a number of lawsuits regarding patent issues and have been notified of a number of other potential
disputes. 

In addition to patent claims, third parties have asserted, and are likely in the future to assert, claims against us alleging
infringement of copyrights, trademark rights, trade secret rights or other proprietary rights, or alleging unfair competition, violation of federal or state statutes or other claims, including alleged violation of international statutory and common
law. In addition, third parties have made, and may continue to make, infringement and related claims against us over the display of content or search results triggered by search terms, including the display of advertising, that include trademark
terms. 

As we expand our business and develop new technologies, products and services, we may become increasingly subject to intellectual
property infringement and other claims, including those that may arise under international laws. In the event that there is a determination that we have infringed third-party proprietary rights such as patents, copyrights, trademark rights, trade
secret rights, or other third-party rights such as publicity and privacy rights, we could incur substantial monetary liability, or be required to enter into costly royalty or licensing agreements or be prevented from using such rights, which could
require us to change our business practices in the future, hinder us from offering certain features, functionalities, products or services, require us to develop non-infringing products or technologies, and limit our ability to compete effectively.
We may also incur substantial expenses in defending against third-party claims regardless of the merit of such claims. In addition, many of our agreements with our customers or Affiliates require us to indemnify them for some types of third-party
intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase our costs in defending such claims and our damages. Furthermore, such customers and Affiliates may discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies either as a result of
injunctions or otherwise. The occurrence of any of these results could harm our brands or have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, operating results, and cash flows. 

A variety of new and existing U.S. and foreign government laws and regulations could subject us to claims, judgments, monetary liabilities and other remedies, and to limitations on our business
practices. 

We are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. New laws and
regulations, changes in existing laws and regulations or the interpretation of them, our introduction of new products, or an extension of our business into new areas, could increase our future compliance costs, make our products and services less
attractive to our users, or cause us to change or limit our business practices. We may incur substantial expenses to comply with laws and regulations or defend against a claim that we have not complied with them. Further, any failure on our part to
comply with any relevant laws or regulations may subject us to significant civil or criminal liabilities, penalties, and negative publicity. 

The application of existing domestic and international laws and regulations to us relating to issues such as user privacy and data protection, security,
defamation, pricing, advertising, taxation, gambling, sweepstakes, promotions, billing, real estate, consumer protection, accessibility, content regulation, quality of services, law enforcement demands, telecommunications, mobile, television, and
intellectual property ownership and infringement in many instances is unclear or unsettled. Further, the application to us or our subsidiaries of existing laws regulating or requiring licenses for certain businesses of our advertisers can be
unclear. U.S. export control laws and regulations also impose requirements and restrictions on exports to certain nations and persons and on our business. Internationally, we may also be subject to laws regulating our activities in foreign countries
and to foreign laws and regulations that are inconsistent from country to country. 

The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) is
intended, in part, to limit the liability of eligible online service providers for caching, hosting, listing or linking to, third-party Websites or user content that include 

20 

Table of Contents

materials that give rise to copyright infringement. Portions of the Communications Decency Act (“CDA”) are intended to provide statutory protections to online service providers who
distribute third-party content. We rely on the protections provided by both the DMCA and the CDA in conducting our business, and may be adversely impacted by future legislation and future judicial decisions altering these safe harbors or if
international jurisdictions refuse to apply similar protections. 

The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and rule, as amended in
December 2012 (“COPPA”), impose restrictions on the ability of online services to collect some types of information from children under the age of 13. In addition, Providing Resources, Officers, and Technology to Eradicate Cyber Threats to
Our Children Act of 2008 (“PROTECT”) requires online service providers to report evidence of violations of federal child pornography laws under certain circumstances. COPPA and PROTECT currently impose restrictions and requirements on our
business, and other federal, state or international laws and legislative efforts designed to protect children on the Internet may impose additional requirements on us. 

Changes in regulations or user concerns regarding privacy and protection of user data, or any failure to comply with such laws, could adversely affect our business. 

Federal, state, and international laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, disclosure, sharing and security of data that we receive
from and about our users. The use of consumer data by online service providers and advertising networks is a topic of active interest among federal, state, and international regulatory bodies, and the regulatory environment is unsettled. Many states
have passed laws requiring notification to users where there is a security breach for personal data, such as California’s Information Practices Act. We face similar risks in international markets where our products and services are offered. Any
failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with or make effective modifications to our policies, or to comply with any federal, state, or international privacy, data-retention or data-protection-related laws, regulations, orders or industry
self-regulatory principles could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, a loss of user confidence, damage to the Yahoo brands, and a loss of users, advertising partners, or Affiliates, any of which could
potentially have an adverse effect on our business. 

In addition, various federal, state and foreign legislative or regulatory bodies may
enact new or additional laws and regulations concerning privacy, data-retention and data-protection issues, including laws or regulations mandating disclosure to domestic or international law enforcement bodies, which could adversely impact our
business, our brand or our reputation with users. For example, some countries are considering laws mandating that user data regarding users in their country be maintained in their country. Having to maintain local data centers in individual
countries could increase our operating costs significantly. The interpretation and application of privacy, data protection and data retention laws and regulations are often uncertain and in flux in the U.S. and internationally. These laws may be
interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices, complicating long-range business planning decisions. If privacy, data protection or data retention laws are interpreted and
applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our current policies and practices we may be fined or ordered to change our business practices in a manner that adversely impacts our operating results. Complying with these varying international
requirements could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business and operating results. 

If our security measures are breached, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, users and customers may curtail or stop using our products and services, and we may incur
significant legal and financial exposure. 

Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of Yahoo’s users’
and customers’ personal and proprietary information in our facilities and on our equipment, networks and corporate systems. Security breaches expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation, remediation costs, increased costs for
security measures, loss of revenue, damage to our reputation, and potential liability. Security breaches or unauthorized 

21 

Table of Contents

access have resulted in and may in the future result in a combination of significant legal and financial exposure, increased remediation and other costs, damage to our reputation and a loss of
confidence in the security of our products, services and networks that could have an adverse effect on our business. We take steps to prevent unauthorized access to our corporate systems, however, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized
access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently or may be designed to remain dormant until a triggering event, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or
perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose users and customers. 

Interruptions, delays, or failures in the provision of our services could damage our reputation and harm our operating results. 

Delays or disruptions to our service, or the loss or compromise of data, could result from a variety of causes, including the following: 

•

 Our operations are susceptible to outages and interruptions due to fire, flood, earthquake, tsunami, other natural disasters, power loss, equipment or
telecommunications failures, cyber attacks, terrorist attacks, political or social unrest, and other events over which we have little or no control. We do not have multiple site capacity for all of our services and some of our systems are not fully
redundant in the event of delays or disruptions to service, so some data or systems may not be fully recoverable after such events. 

•

 The systems through which we provide our products and services are highly technical, complex, and interdependent. Design errors might exist in these
systems, or might be introduced when we make modifications, which might cause service malfunctions or require services to be taken offline while corrective responses are developed. 

•

 Despite our implementation of network security measures, our servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, malware, worms, hacking, physical and
electronic break-ins, router disruption, sabotage or espionage, and other disruptions from unauthorized access and tampering, as well as coordinated denial-of-service attacks. We may not be in a position to promptly address attacks or to implement
adequate preventative measures if we are unable to immediately detect such attacks. Such events could result in large expenditures to investigate or remediate, to recover data, to repair or replace networks or information systems, including changes
to security measures, to deploy additional personnel, to defend litigation or to protect against similar future events, and may cause damage to our reputation or loss of revenue. 

•

 We rely on third-party providers over which we have little or no control for our principal Internet connections and co-location of a significant
portion of our data servers, as well as for our payment processing capabilities and key components or features of certain of our products and services. Any disruption of the services they provide us or any failure of these third-party providers to
handle higher volumes of use could, in turn, cause delays or disruptions in our services and loss of revenue. In addition, if our agreements with these third-party providers are terminated for any reason, we might not have a readily available
alternative. 

Prolonged delays or disruptions to our service could result in a loss of users, damage to our brands, legal
costs or liability, and harm to our operating results. 

Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our
business, operating results, and financial condition. 

In addition to uncertainty about our ability to continue to generate revenue
from our foreign operations and expand our international market position, there are additional risks inherent in doing business internationally (including through our international joint ventures), including: 

•

 tariffs, trade barriers, customs classifications and changes in trade regulations; 

•

 difficulties in developing, staffing, and simultaneously managing a large number of varying foreign operations as a result of distance, language, and
cultural differences; 

22 

Table of Contents

•

 stringent local labor laws and regulations; 

•

 longer payment cycles; 

•

 credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud; 

•

 profit repatriation restrictions and foreign currency exchange restrictions; 

•

 political or social unrest, economic instability, repression, or human rights issues; 

•

 geopolitical events, including natural disasters, acts of war and terrorism; 

•

 import or export regulations; 

•

 compliance with U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws prohibiting bribery and corrupt payments to government officials;

•

 antitrust and competition regulations; 

•

 potentially adverse tax developments; 

•

 seasonal volatility in business activity and local economic conditions; 

•

 economic uncertainties relating to volatility in emerging markets and global economic uncertainty; 

•

 laws, regulations, licensing requirements, and business practices that favor local competitors or prohibit foreign ownership or investments;

•

 different, uncertain or more stringent user protection, content, data protection, privacy, intellectual property and other laws; and

•

 risks related to other government regulation, required compliance with local laws or lack of legal precedent. 

We are subject to numerous and sometimes conflicting U.S. and foreign laws and regulations which increase our cost of doing business. Violations of these
complex laws and regulations that apply to our international operations could result in damage awards, fines, criminal actions, sanctions, or penalties against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and our
ability to offer products and services, and damage to our reputation. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not
violate our policies. These risks inherent in our international operations and expansion increase our costs of doing business internationally and could result in harm to our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

We may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online services or content. 

We host and provide a wide variety of services and technology products that enable and encourage individuals and businesses to exchange information;
upload or otherwise generate photos, videos, text, and other content; advertise products and services; conduct business; and engage in various online activities both domestically and internationally. The law relating to the liability of providers of
online services and products for activities of their users is currently unsettled both within the U.S. and internationally. As a publisher and producer of original content, we may be subject to claims such as copyright, libel, defamation or improper
use of publicity rights, as well as other infringement claims such as plagiarism. Claims have been threatened and brought against us for defamation, negligence, breaches of contract, plagiarism, copyright and trademark infringement, unfair
competition, unlawful activity, tort, including personal injury, fraud, or other theories based on the nature and content of information which we publish or to which we provide links or that may be posted online or generated by us or by third
parties, including our users. In addition, we have been and may again in the future be subject to domestic or international actions alleging that certain content we have generated or third-party content that we have made available within our
services violates laws in domestic and international jurisdictions. We arrange for the distribution of third-party advertisements to third-party publishers and advertising networks, and we offer third-party products, services, or content, such as
stock quotes and trading information, under the Yahoo brand or 

23 

Table of Contents

via distribution on Yahoo Properties. We may be subject to claims concerning these products, services, or content by virtue of our involvement in marketing, branding, broadcasting, or providing
access to them, even if we do not ourselves host, operate, provide, or provide access to these products, services, or content. While our agreements with respect to these products, services, and content may provide that we will be indemnified against
such liabilities, the ability to receive such indemnification may be disputed, could result in substantial costs to enforce or defend, and depends on the financial resources of the other party to the agreement, and any amounts received might not be
adequate to cover our liabilities or the costs associated with defense of such proceedings. Defense of any such actions could be costly and involve significant time and attention of our management and other resources, may result in monetary
liabilities or penalties, and may require us to change our business in an adverse manner. 

It is also possible that if any information
provided directly by us contains errors or is otherwise wrongfully provided to users, third parties could make claims against us. For example, we offer Web-based e-mail services, which expose us to potential risks, such as liabilities or claims, by
our users and third parties, resulting from unsolicited e-mail, lost or misdirected messages, illegal or fraudulent use of e-mail, alleged violations of policies, property interests, or privacy protections, including civil or criminal laws, or
interruptions or delays in e-mail service. We may also face purported consumer class actions or state actions relating to our online services, including our fee-based services (particularly in connection with any decision to discontinue a fee-based
service). In addition, our customers, third parties, or government entities may assert claims or actions against us if our online services or technologies are used to spread or facilitate malicious or harmful code or applications. 

Investigating and defending these types of claims are expensive, even if the claims are without merit or do not ultimately result in liability, and could
subject us to significant monetary liability or cause a change in business practices that could negatively impact our ability to compete. 

If we are unable to recruit, hire, motivate, and retain key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business plan. 

Our business is dependent on our ability to recruit, hire, motivate, and retain talented, highly skilled personnel. Achieving this objective may be
difficult due to many factors, including the intense competition for such highly skilled personnel in the San Francisco Bay Area and other metropolitan areas where our offices are located; fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions;
competitors’ hiring practices; and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. If we do not succeed in retaining and motivating our existing key employees, and in attracting new key personnel, we may be unable to meet our business plan and
as a result, our revenue and profitability may decline. 

Certain of our metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and
real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 

We present key metrics such
as unique users, number of Ads Sold, number of Paid Clicks, Price-per-Click and Price-per-Ad that are calculated using internal company data. We periodically review and refine our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and calculating these
metrics. Based on this process, from time to time we update our methodologies. 

While our metrics are based on what we believe to be
reasonable measurements and methodologies, there are inherent challenges in deriving our metrics across large online and mobile populations around the world. In addition, our user metrics may differ from estimates published by third parties or from
similar metrics of our competitors due to differences in methodology. 

If advertisers or publishers do not perceive our metrics to be
accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics, it could negatively affect our reputation, business and financial results. 

24 

Table of Contents

Any failure to scale and adapt our existing technology architecture to manage expansion of user-facing
services and to respond to rapid technological change could adversely affect our business. 

As some of the most visited sites on the
Internet, Yahoo Properties deliver a significant number of products, services, page views, and advertising impressions to users around the world. We expect our products and services to continue to expand and change significantly and rapidly in the
future to accommodate new technologies, new devices, new Internet advertising solutions, and new means of content delivery. 

In addition,
widespread adoption of new Internet, networking or telecommunications technologies, or other technological changes, could require substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our services or infrastructure. The technology architectures and platforms
utilized for our services are highly complex and may not provide satisfactory security features or support in the future, as usage increases and products and services expand, change, and become more complex. In the future, we may make additional
changes to our existing, or move to completely new, architectures, platforms and systems, such as the changes we have made in response to the increased use of tablets and smartphones. Such changes may be technologically challenging to develop and
implement, may take time to test and deploy, may cause us to incur substantial costs or data loss, and may cause changes, delays or interruptions in service. These changes, delays, or interruptions in our service may cause our users, Affiliates and
other advertising platform participants to become dissatisfied with our service or to move to competing providers or seek remedial actions or compensation. Further, to the extent that demands for our services increase, we will need to expand our
infrastructure, including the capacity of our hardware servers and the sophistication of our software. This expansion is likely to be expensive and complex and require additional technical expertise. As we acquire users who rely upon us for a wide
variety of services, it becomes more technologically complex and costly to retrieve, store, and integrate data that will enable us to track each user’s preferences. Any difficulties experienced in adapting our architectures, platforms and
infrastructure to accommodate increased traffic, to store user data, and track user preferences, together with the associated costs and potential loss of traffic, could harm our operating results, cash flows from operations, and financial condition.

We rely on third parties to provide the technologies necessary to deliver content, advertising, and services to our users, and any
change in the licensing terms, costs, availability, or acceptance of these formats and technologies could adversely affect our business. 

We rely on third parties to provide the technologies that we use to deliver content, advertising, and services to our users. There can be no assurance
that these providers will continue to license their technologies or intellectual property to us on reasonable terms, or at all. Providers may change the fees they charge users or otherwise change their business model in a manner that slows the
widespread acceptance of their technologies. In order for our services to be successful, there must be a large base of users of the technologies necessary to deliver our content, advertising, and services. We have limited or no control over the
availability or acceptance of those technologies, and any change in the licensing terms, costs, availability, or user acceptance of these technologies could adversely affect our business. 

Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet by us and our users. Internet access providers may be able to block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products
and services, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users and advertisers. 

Our products and services depend on the
ability of our users to access the Internet, and certain of our products require significant bandwidth to work effectively. Currently, this access is provided by companies that have significant market power in the broadband and internet access
marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned service providers. Some of these providers have taken, or have stated that they may take, measures that could degrade,
disrupt, or increase the cost of user access to certain of our products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support or facilitate our offerings, or by charging increased fees to us or our users to provide our offerings.
Such interference could result in a loss of existing users and advertisers, and increased costs, and could impair our ability to attract new users and advertisers, thereby harming our revenues and growth. 

25 

Table of Contents

If we are unable to attract, sustain, and renew distribution arrangements on favorable terms, our
revenue may decline. 

We enter into distribution arrangements with third parties such as operators of third-party Websites, online
networks, software companies, electronics companies, computer manufacturers, Internet service providers and others to promote or supply our services to their users. For example: 

•

 We maintain search and display advertising relationships with Affiliate sites, which integrate our advertising offerings into their Websites.

•

 We enter into distribution alliances with Internet service providers (including providers of cable and broadband Internet access) and software
distributors to promote our services to their users. 

•

 We enter into agreements with mobile phone, tablet, television, and other device manufacturers, electronics companies and carriers to promote our
software and services on their devices. 

In some markets, we depend on a limited number of distribution arrangements for a
significant percentage of our user activity. A failure by our distributors to attract or retain their user bases would negatively impact our user activity and, in turn, reduce our revenue. In some cases, device manufacturers may be unwilling to pay
fees to Yahoo in order to distribute Yahoo services or may be unwilling to distribute Yahoo services. 

In the future, as new methods for
accessing the Internet and our services become available, including through alternative devices, we may need to enter into amended distribution agreements with existing access providers, distributors, and manufacturers to cover the new devices and
new arrangements. We face a risk that existing and potential new access providers, distributors, and manufacturers may decide not to offer distribution of our services on reasonable terms, or at all. 

Distribution agreements often involve revenue sharing. Over time competition to enter into distribution arrangements may cause our traffic acquisition
costs to increase. In some cases, we guarantee distributors a minimum level of revenue and, as a result, run a risk that the distributors’ performance (in terms of ad impressions, toolbar installations, etc.) might not be sufficient to
otherwise earn their minimum payments. In other cases, we agree that if the distributor does not realize specified minimum revenue we will adjust the distributor’s revenue-share percentage or provide make-whole arrangements. 

Some of our distribution agreements are not exclusive, have a short term, are terminable at will, or are subject to early termination provisions. The
loss of distributors, increased distribution costs, or the renewal of distribution agreements on significantly less favorable terms may cause our revenue to decline. 

Technologies, tools, software, and applications could block our advertisements, impair our ability to deliver interest-based advertising, or shift the location in which advertising appears, which
could harm our operating results. 

Technologies, tools, software, and applications (including new and enhanced Web browsers) have been
developed and are likely to continue to be developed that can block or allow users to opt out of display, search, and interest-based advertising and content, delete or block the cookies used to deliver such advertising, or shift the location in
which advertising appears on pages so that our advertisements do not show up in the most monetizable places on our pages or are obscured. Most of our revenue is derived from fees paid by advertisers in connection with the display of graphical and
non-graphical advertisements or clicks on search advertisements on Web pages. As a result, the adoption of such technologies, tools, software, and applications could reduce the number of display and search advertisements that we are able to deliver
and/or our ability to deliver interest-based advertising and this, in turn, could reduce our advertising revenue and operating results. 

26 

Table of Contents

Any failure to manage expansion and changes to our business could adversely affect our operating
results. 

If we are unable to effectively manage a large and geographically dispersed group of employees or to anticipate our future
growth and personnel needs, our business may be adversely affected. As we expand our business, we must also expand and adapt our operational infrastructure. Our business relies on data systems, billing systems, and financial reporting and control
systems, among others. All of these systems have become increasingly complex in the recent past due to the growing complexity of our business, acquisitions of new businesses with different systems, and increased regulation over controls and
procedures. To manage our business in a cost-effective manner, we will need to continue to upgrade and improve our data systems, billing systems, and other operational and financial systems, procedures, and controls. In some cases, we are
outsourcing administrative functions to lower-cost providers. These upgrades, improvements and outsourcing changes will require a dedication of resources and in some cases are likely to be complex. If we are unable to adapt our systems and put
adequate controls in place in a timely manner, our business may be adversely affected. In particular, sustained failures of our billing systems to accommodate increasing numbers of transactions, to accurately bill users and advertisers, or to
accurately compensate Affiliates could adversely affect the viability of our business model. 

Proprietary document formats may limit the
effectiveness of our search technology by preventing our technology from accessing the content of documents in such formats, which could limit the effectiveness of our products and services. 

A large amount of information on the Internet is provided in proprietary document formats. These proprietary document formats may limit the effectiveness
of search technology by preventing the technology from accessing the content of such documents. The providers of the software applications used to create these documents could engineer the document format to prevent or interfere with the process of
indexing the document contents with search technology. This would mean that the document contents would not be included in search results even if the contents were directly relevant to a search. The software providers may also seek to require us to
pay them royalties in exchange for giving us the ability to search documents in their format. If the search platform technology we employ is unable to index proprietary format Web documents as effectively as our competitors’ technology, usage
of our search services might decline, which could cause our revenue to fall. 

We have dedicated resources to provide a variety of
premium enhancements to our products and services, which might not prove to be successful in generating significant revenue for us. 

We
offer fee-based enhancements for many of our free services. The development cycles for these technologies are long and generally require investment by us. We have invested and will continue to invest in premium products and services. Some of these
premium products and services might not generate anticipated revenue or might not meet anticipated user adoption rates. We have previously discontinued some non-profitable premium services and may discontinue others. General economic conditions as
well as the rapidly evolving competitive landscape may affect users’ willingness to pay for such premium services. If we cannot generate revenue from our premium services that are greater than the cost of providing such services, our operating
results could be harmed. 

We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities which could negatively impact our income tax provision, net
income, and cash flow. 

We are subject to income taxes and other taxes in both the U.S. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we
currently operate or have historically operated. The determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and current and deferred tax assets and liabilities requires judgment and estimation. In the ordinary course of our business, there are
many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. As a U.S. multinational corporation, we are subject to changing tax laws both within and outside of the U.S. We cannot predict the form or timing of potential
legislative changes, but any newly enacted tax law could have a material adverse impact on our tax expense and cash flow. For example, several jurisdictions have sought to increase revenues by imposing new taxes on internet advertising or increasing
general business taxes. 

27 

Table of Contents

We earn a material amount of our operating income from outside the U.S. As of December 31, 2013, we had
undistributed foreign earnings of approximately $2.6 billion, principally related to Yahoo Japan. While we do not currently anticipate repatriating these earnings, any repatriation of funds in foreign jurisdictions to the U.S. could result in higher
effective tax rates for us and subject us to significant additional U.S. income tax liabilities. 

We are subject to regular review and audit
by both domestic and foreign tax authorities as well as subject to the prospective and retrospective effects of changing tax regulations and legislation. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may materially
differ from the tax amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and may materially affect our income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period or periods for which such determination and settlement is made. 

Adverse macroeconomic conditions could cause decreases or delays in spending by our advertisers and could harm our ability to generate revenue and
our results of operations. 

Advertising expenditures tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and
buying patterns. Since we derive most of our revenue from advertising, adverse macroeconomic conditions have caused, and future adverse macroeconomic conditions could cause, decreases or delays in advertising spending and negatively impact our
advertising revenue and short-term ability to grow our revenue. Further, any decreased collectability of accounts receivable or early termination of agreements, whether resulting from customer bankruptcies or otherwise due to adverse macroeconomic
conditions, could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Our stock price has been volatile historically and may continue to be
volatile regardless of our operating performance. 

The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be subject to
broad fluctuations. During the twelve months ended December 31 2013, the closing sale price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market ranged from $18.99 to $40.85 per share and the closing sale price on February 14, 2014 was
$38.23 per share. Our stock price may fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, such as variations in quarterly operating results or announcements of technological innovations, significant transactions, or new features, products or
services by us or our competitors; changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; the operating and stock price performance of, or other developments involving, other companies that investors may deem comparable to us;
trends in our industry; general economic conditions; and the current and anticipated future operating performance and market equity valuation of Alibaba Group (including speculation regarding its potential initial public offering) and Yahoo Japan
Corporation in which we have equity investments, including changes in equity valuation due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 

In addition, the stock market in general, and the market prices for companies in our industry, have experienced volatility that often has been unrelated
to operating performance. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our stock, regardless of our operating performance. A decrease in the market price of our common stock would likely adversely impact the trading
price of the 0.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 that we issued in November 2013 (the “Notes”). Volatility or a lack of positive performance in our stock price may also adversely affect our ability to retain key employees who have been
granted stock options or other stock-based awards. A sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization could lead to an impairment charge to our long-lived assets. 

Delaware statutes and certain provisions in our charter documents could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us. 

Our Board has the authority to issue up to 10 million shares of preferred stock and to determine the price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of those shares
without any further vote or action 

28 

Table of Contents

by the stockholders. The rights of the holders of our common stock may be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the
future. The issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of Yahoo without further action by the stockholders and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of our
common stock. 

Some provisions of our charter documents, including provisions eliminating the ability of stockholders to take action by
written consent and limiting the ability of stockholders to raise matters at a meeting of stockholders without giving advance notice, may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in our management, which could have an
adverse effect on the market price of our stock and the value of the $1.4375 billion aggregate principal amount of the 0.00% Convertible Senior Notes we issued in November 2013 (“Notes”). In addition, our charter documents do not
permit cumulative voting, which may make it more difficult for a third-party to gain control of our Board. Further, we are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which will prohibit us
from engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested stockholder” for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, even if such combination is favored by
a majority of stockholders, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. The application of Section 203 also could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of us. 

Any of these provisions could, under certain circumstances, depress the market price of our common stock and the Notes. 

Risks Relating to the Notes 

The
conditional conversion feature of the Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

In the
event the conditional conversion feature of the Notes is triggered, holders of Notes will be entitled to convert the Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes, unless we elect to
satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment
of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Notes as
a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 

We may not have the
ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Notes in cash or to repurchase the Notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the Notes.

Holders of the Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes upon the occurrence of a
fundamental change at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any. We may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are
required to make repurchases of Notes surrendered therefore, or pay cash with respect to Notes being converted if we elect not to issue shares, which could harm our reputation and affect the trading price of our common stock. 

The note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of the Notes and our common stock. 

In connection with the pricing of the Notes, we entered into note hedge transactions with the option counterparties. The note hedge transactions are
generally expected to reduce the potential dilution upon conversion of the Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal 

29 

Table of Contents

amount of converted Notes, as the case may be. We also entered into warrant transactions with the option counterparties. However, the warrant transactions could separately have a dilutive effect
to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants. 

In connection with
establishing their initial hedge of the note hedge and warrant transactions, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates have purchased shares of our common stock and/or entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our
common stock concurrently with or shortly after the pricing of the Notes. In addition, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our
common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the Notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of Notes or
following any repurchase of Notes by us on any fundamental repurchase date or otherwise). This activity could cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the Notes. 

Any adverse change in the rating of the Notes may cause their trading price to decline. 

While we did not seek a rating on the Notes, one rating service has rated the Notes. If that rating service announces its intention to put the Notes
on credit watch or lowers its rating on the Notes below any rating initially assigned to the Notes, the trading price of the Notes could decline. 

The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the Notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results. 

In May 2008, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, which we refer to as FASB, issued FASB Staff Position No. APB 14-1, Accounting for Convertible Debt
Instruments That May Be Settled in Cash Upon Conversion (Including Partial Cash Settlement), which has subsequently been codified as Accounting Standards Codification 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options, which we refer to as ASC 470-20.
Under ASC 470-20, an entity must separately account for the liability and equity components of the convertible debt instruments (such as the Notes) that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion in a manner that reflects the
issuer’s economic interest cost. The effect of ASC 470-20 on the accounting for the Notes is that the equity component is required to be included in the additional paid-in capital section of stockholders’ equity on our consolidated balance
sheet, and the value of the equity component would be treated as debt discount for purposes of accounting for the debt component of the Notes. As a result, we will be required to record a greater amount of non-cash interest expense in current
periods presented as a result of the amortization of the discounted carrying value of the Notes to their face amount over the term of the Notes. We will report lower net income in our financial results because ASC 470-20 will require interest to
include the current period’s amortization of the debt discount, which could adversely affect our reported or future financial results, the trading price of our common stock and the trading price of the Notes. 

In addition, under certain circumstances, convertible debt instruments (such as the Notes) that may be settled entirely or partly in cash are currently
accounted for utilizing the treasury stock method, the effect of which is that the shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes are not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share except to the extent that the conversion value of the
Notes exceeds their principal amount. Under the treasury stock method, for diluted earnings per share purposes, the transaction is accounted for as if the number of shares of common stock that would be necessary to settle such excess, if we elected
to settle such excess in shares, are issued. We cannot be sure that the accounting standards in the future will continue to permit the use of the treasury stock method. If we are unable to use the treasury stock method in accounting for the shares
issuable upon conversion of the Notes, then our diluted earnings per share would be adversely affected.