We
face significant competition for users, advertisers, publishers, developers, and distributors. 

We face significant competition from
integrated online media companies, social networking sites, traditional print and broadcast media, search engines, and various e-commerce sites. In a number of international markets, especially those in Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Latin
America, we face substantial competition from local Internet service providers and other portals that offer search, communications, and other commercial services. 

Several of our competitors offer an integrated variety of Internet products, advertising services, technologies, online services and content in a manner similar to Yahoo!. We compete against these and
other companies to attract and retain users, advertisers, developers, and third-party Website publishers as participants in our Affiliate network, and to obtain agreements with third parties to promote or distribute our services. We also compete
with social media and networking sites which are attracting a substantial and increasing share of users, users’ online time, and online advertising dollars. 

In addition, several competitors offer products and services that directly compete for users with our offerings, including e-mail, search, sports, news and finance. Similarly, the advertising networks
operated by our competitors or by other participants in the display marketplace offer advertising exchanges, ad networks, demand side platforms, ad serving technologies, sponsored search offerings, and other services that directly compete for
advertisers with our offerings. We also compete with traditional print and broadcast media companies to attract domestic and international advertising spending. Some of our existing competitors and possible entrants may have greater brand
recognition for certain products and services, more expertise in particular market segments, and greater operational, strategic, technological, financial, personnel, or other resources than we do. Many of our competitors have access to considerable
financial and technical resources with which to compete aggressively, including by funding future growth and expansion and investing in acquisitions, technologies, and research and development. Further, emerging start-ups may be able to innovate and
provide new products and services faster than we can. In addition, competitors may consolidate or collaborate with each other, and new competitors may enter the market. Some of our competitors in international markets have a substantial competitive
advantage over us because they have dominant market share in their territories, are owned by local telecommunications providers, have greater local brand recognition, are focused on a single market, are more familiar with local tastes and
preferences, or have greater regulatory and operational flexibility due to the fact that we may be subject to both U.S. and foreign regulatory requirements. 

If our competitors are more successful than we are in developing and deploying compelling products or in attracting and retaining users, advertisers, publishers, developers, or distributors, our revenue
and growth rates could decline. 

We generate the majority of our revenue from display and search advertising, and the reduction in
spending by or loss of current or potential advertisers would cause our revenue and operating results to decline. 

For the twelve
months ended December 31, 2012, 81 percent of our total revenue came from display and search advertising. Our ability to retain and grow display and search revenue depends upon: 

•

 maintaining and growing our user base and popularity as an Internet destination site; 

•

 maintaining the popularity of our existing products and introducing engaging new products; 

•

 maintaining and expanding our advertiser base on PCs and mobile devices; 

•

 broadening our relationships with advertisers to small- and medium-sized businesses; 

•

 successfully implementing changes and improvements to our advertising management platforms and obtaining the acceptance of our advertising management
platforms by advertisers, Website publishers, and online advertising networks; 

•

 successfully acquiring, investing in, and implementing new technologies and strategic partnerships; 

12 

Table of Contents

•

 successfully implementing changes in our sales force, sales development teams, and sales strategy; 

•

 continuing to innovate and improve the monetization capabilities of our display advertising and mobile products; 

•

 effectively monetizing mobile and other search queries; 

•

 continuing to innovate and improve users’ search experiences; 

•

 maintaining and expanding our Affiliate program for search and display advertising services; and 

•

 deriving better demographic and other information about our users to enable us to offer better experiences to both our users and advertisers.

In most cases, our agreements with advertisers have a term of one year or less, and may be terminated at any time by the
advertiser or by us. Search marketing agreements often have payments dependent upon usage or click-through levels. Accordingly, it is difficult to forecast display and search revenue accurately. In addition, our expense levels are based in part on
expectations of future revenue, including occasional guaranteed minimum payments to our Affiliates in connection with search and/or display advertising, and are fixed over the short-term in some categories. The state of the global economy, growth
rate of the online advertising market, and availability of capital has impacted and could further impact the advertising spending patterns of our existing and potential advertisers. Any reduction in spending by, or loss of, existing or potential
advertisers would negatively impact our revenue and operating results. Further, we may be unable to adjust our expenses and capital expenditures quickly enough to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. 

If we do not manage our operating expenses effectively, our profitability could decline. 

We plan to continue to manage costs to better and more efficiently manage our business. However, our operating expenses might increase from their reduced
levels as we expand our operations in areas of desired growth, continue to develop and extend the Yahoo! brand, fund product development, build data centers or acquire real property, and acquire and integrate complementary businesses and
technologies. Our operating costs might also increase if we do not effectively manage costs as we transition markets under the Search Agreement and reimbursements from Microsoft under the Search Agreement decline or cease. In addition, weak economic
conditions or other factors could cause our business to contract, requiring us to implement cost cutting measures. If our expenses increase at a greater pace than our revenue, or if we fail to effectively manage costs, our profitability will
decline. 

If we are unable to provide innovative search experiences and other products and services that generate significant traffic to
our Websites, our business could be harmed, causing our revenue to decline. 

Internet search is characterized by rapidly changing
technology, significant competition, evolving industry standards, and frequent product and service enhancements. We currently deploy our own technology to provide paid search results on our network, except in markets where we have transitioned those
services to Microsoft’s platform. Even after we complete the transition to Microsoft’s platform in all markets, we will need to continue to invest and innovate to improve our users’ search experience to continue to attract, retain,
and expand our user base and paid search advertiser base. 

We also generate revenue through other online products and services, such as Yahoo!
Mail, and continue to innovate the products and services that we offer. The research and development of new, technologically advanced products is a complex process that requires significant levels of innovation and investment, as well as accurate
anticipation of technology, market and consumer trends. If we are unable to provide innovative products and services which generate significant traffic to our Websites, our business could be harmed, causing our revenue to decline. 

13 

Table of Contents

Risks associated with our Search Agreement with Microsoft may adversely affect our business and
operating results. 

Under our Search Agreement with Microsoft, Microsoft is the exclusive algorithmic and paid search services provider
on Yahoo! Properties and non-exclusive provider of such services on Affiliate sites for the transitioned markets. Implementation of our Search Agreement with Microsoft commenced on February 23, 2010. We have completed the transition of our
algorithmic search platform to the Microsoft platform in all markets, and have completed transition of paid search in several markets. We are continuing to work with Microsoft on transitioning paid search in the remaining markets. The
market-by-market transition of our paid search platform to Microsoft’s platform and the migration of paid search advertisers and publishers to Microsoft’s platform are expected to continue through 2013, and possibly into 2014. The
transition process is complex and requires the expenditure of significant time and resources by us. Delays, difficulties, disruptions or inconveniences resulting from the transition process could result in the loss of advertisers, publishers,
Affiliates, and employees, as well as delays in recognizing or reductions in the anticipated benefits of the transaction, any of which could negatively impact our business and operating results. 

Under the Search Agreement, Microsoft generally guarantees Yahoo!’s revenue per search (“RPS Guarantee”) on Yahoo! Properties for 18
months after the transition of paid search services to Microsoft’s platform in a particular market. In the fourth quarter of 2011, Microsoft agreed to extend the RPS Guarantee in the U.S. and Canada through March 2013. The RPS Guarantee is
calculated based on the difference in revenue per search between the pre-transition and post-transition periods and certain other factors. To date, there has been a gap in revenue per search between pre-transition and post-transition periods and
Microsoft has been making payments under the RPS Guarantee to compensate for the difference. To the extent the RPS Guarantee payments we receive do not fully offset any shortfall relating to revenue per search in transitioned markets or the RPS
Guarantee in transitioned markets expires before the gap in revenue per search is closed, our search revenue and profitability would decline. If the RPS Guarantee in the U.S. and Canada is not renewed prior to its expiration on March 31, 2013, we
currently anticipate that our revenue, cash flows and income will be negatively impacted. Notwithstanding any RPS Guarantee payments that we may receive, our competitors may increase revenue, profitability, and market share at a higher rate than us.

More people are using devices other than a PC to access the Internet and are accessing new platforms to make search queries, and
versions of our services developed for these devices might not gain widespread adoption by the devices’ users, manufacturers, or distributors or might fail to function as intended on some devices. 

The number of people who access the Internet through devices other than a PC, including mobile telephones, smartphones, personal digital assistants,
handheld computers such as tablets and netbooks, video game consoles, televisions, and set-top box devices has increased dramatically, and the trend is likely to continue. Our services were originally designed for rich, graphical environments such
as those available on PCs. Limitations on the memory, resolution, functionality and display associated with many alternative devices may make the use of our products and services through such devices more difficult and versions of our products and
services developed for those devices may not be compelling to users, manufacturers and distributors of alternative devices. Similarly, the licenses we have negotiated to present third-party content to PC users may not extend to users of alternative
devices. In those cases, we may need to enter into new or amended agreements with the content providers in order to present a similar user-experience on the new devices. The content providers may not be willing to enter into such new or amended
agreements on reasonable terms or at all. In addition, search queries are increasingly being undertaken via applications tailored to particular devices or social media platforms, which could affect our share of the search market over time.

As new devices and platforms are introduced, it is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in adapting our services and developing
creative new products and services. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of mobile products and services. If we are unable to successfully innovate new forms of Internet advertising for
alternative devices, to attract and retain a substantial number of alternative device manufacturers, distributors, content providers, and users to our services, to develop 

14 

Table of Contents

products and technologies that are more compatible with alternative devices and platforms, or to earn adequate margins on revenues derived from these products and services, we will fail to
capture opportunities as consumers and advertisers transition to a dynamic, multi-screen environment. 

A key to our strategy is focusing on
mobile devices. If we are unable to generate and grow our revenue on mobile or other alternative devices or incur excessive expenses attempting to attract such revenue, our financial condition and operating results could be harmed. If monetization
stays at current levels and we see an increase in mobile search queries and deceleration of the growth of or decrease in desktop queries, our results may be adversely impacted. 

To the extent that an access provider or device manufacturer enters into a distribution arrangement with one of our competitors, or as our competitors design, develop, or acquire control of alternative
connected devices or their operating systems, we face an increased risk that our users will favor the services or properties of that competitor. The manufacturer or access provider might promote a competitor’s services or might impair
users’ access to our services by blocking access through their devices or by not making our services available in a readily-discoverable manner on their devices. If competitive distributors impair access to our services, or if they simply are
more successful than our distributors in developing compelling products that attract and retain users or advertisers, then our revenue could decline. 

In the future, as new methods for accessing the Internet and our services become available, including through alternative devices, we may need to enter into amended distribution agreements with existing
access providers, distributors, and manufacturers to cover the new devices and new arrangements. We face a risk that existing and potential new access providers, distributors, and manufacturers may decide not to offer distribution of our services on
reasonable terms, or at all. 

If we are unable to license or acquire compelling content and services at reasonable cost or if we do not
develop or commission compelling content of our own, the number of users of our services may not grow as anticipated, or may decline, or users’ level of engagement with our services may decline, all or any of which could harm our operating
results. 

Our future success depends in part on our ability to aggregate compelling content and deliver that content through our online