We face significant competition for users, advertisers, publishers, developers, and distributors.

We face significant competition from online search engines, sites offering integrated internet products and services, social media
and networking sites, ecommerce sites, companies providing analytics, monetization and marketing tools for mobile and desktop developers, and digital, broadcast and print media. In a number of international markets, especially those in Asia, Europe,
the Middle East and Latin America, we face substantial competition from local Internet service providers and other entities that offer search, communications, and other commercial services. 

Several of our competitors offer an integrated variety of Internet products, advertising services, technologies, online services and content in a manner
similar to Yahoo. We compete against these and other companies to attract and retain users, advertisers, developers, and third-party website publishers as participants in our Affiliate network, and to obtain agreements with third parties to promote
or distribute our services. We also compete with social media and networking sites which are increasingly used to communicate and share information, and which are attracting a substantial and increasing share of users, users’ online time, and
online advertising dollars. 
A key element of our strategy is focusing on increasing our revenue growth through our Mavens offerings. As part of
this strategy, we are focusing on mobile products and mobile advertising formats, as well as increasing our revenue from mobile. A number of our competitors have devoted significant resources to the development of products, services and apps for
mobile devices. Several of our competitors have mobile revenue significantly greater than ours. If we are unable to develop products for mobile devices that users find engaging and that help us grow our mobile revenue, our competitive position, our
financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
In addition, a number of competitors offer products, services and apps that directly
compete for users with our offerings, including e-mail, search, video, social, sports, news, finance, micro-blogging, and messaging. Similarly, our competitors or other participants in the online advertising marketplace

12 

Table of Contents

offer advertising exchanges, ad networks, demand side platforms, ad serving technologies, sponsored search offerings, and other services that directly compete for advertisers with our offerings.
Additionally, as the use of programmatic advertising continues to increase, we compete with companies that have also invested in programmatic platform offerings. We also compete with traditional print and broadcast media companies to attract
domestic and international advertising spending. Some of our existing competitors and possible entrants have greater brand recognition for certain products, services and apps, more expertise in particular market segments, and greater operational,
strategic, technological, financial, personnel, or other resources than we do. Many of our competitors have access to considerable financial and technical resources with which to compete aggressively, including by funding future growth and expansion
and investing in acquisitions, technologies, and research and development. Further, emerging start-ups may be able to innovate and provide new products, services and apps faster than we can. In addition, competitors may consolidate or collaborate
with each other, and new competitors may enter the market. Some of our competitors in international markets have a substantial competitive advantage over us because they have dominant market share in their territories, have greater local brand
recognition, are focused on a single market, are more familiar with local tastes and preferences, or have greater regulatory and operational flexibility due to the fact that we may be subject to both U.S. and foreign regulatory requirements. 

If our competitors are more successful than we are in developing and deploying compelling products or in attracting and retaining users, advertisers,
publishers, developers, or distributors, our revenue and growth rates could decline. 

We generate the majority of
our revenue from search and display advertising, and the reduction in spending by or loss of current or potential advertisers would cause our revenue and operating results to decline. 

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2015, 84 percent of our total revenue came from search and display advertising. Our ability to retain and grow
search and display revenue depends upon: 

•

 increasing our daily active users, logged in users, page views and engagement; 

•

 introducing engaging new products that are popular with users and distributable on mobile and other alternative devices and platforms; 

•

 maintaining and expanding our advertiser base on PCs and mobile devices; 

•

 achieving a better traffic mix from our Yahoo Properties and Affiliates and improving our monetization rates on such traffic; 

•

 broadening our relationships with advertisers to small- and medium-sized businesses; 

•

 successfully implementing changes and improvements to our advertising management platforms and formats and obtaining the acceptance of our advertising
management platforms by advertisers, website publishers, and online advertising networks; 

•

 successfully acquiring, investing in, and implementing new technologies; 

•

 successfully implementing changes in our sales force, sales development teams, and sales strategy; 

•

 continuing to innovate and improve the monetization capabilities of our display and native advertising and our mobile products; 

•

 effectively monetizing mobile and other search queries; 

•

 improving the quality of our user and advertiser products; 

•

 continuing to innovate and improve users’ search experiences; 

13 

Table of Contents

•

 maintaining and expanding our Affiliate program for search and display advertising services; and 

•

 deriving better demographic and other information about our users to enable us to offer better, more personalized and targeted experiences to both our users
and advertisers. 

In most cases, our agreements with advertisers have a term of one year or less, and may be terminated at any time
by the advertiser or by us. Payments under our agreements with advertisers are often dependent upon performance and click-through levels. Accordingly, it is difficult to forecast search and display revenue accurately. In addition, our expense
levels are based in part on expectations of future revenue, including any guaranteed minimum payments to our Affiliates in connection with search and/or display advertising, and in some cases, the expenses could exceed the revenue that we generate.
The state of the global economy, growth rate of the online advertising market, and availability of capital impacts the advertising spending patterns of our existing and potential advertisers. Any reduction in spending by, or loss of, existing or
potential advertisers would negatively impact our revenue and operating results. Further, we may be unable to adjust our expenses and capital expenditures quickly enough to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. 

As more people access our products via mobile devices rather than PCs and mobile advertising continues to evolve, if
we do not continue to attract and retain mobile users and grow mobile revenue, our financial results will be adversely impacted. 

The
number of people who access the Internet through mobile devices rather than a PC, including mobile telephones, smartphones and tablets, is increasing and will likely continue to increase dramatically. More than 600 million of our monthly users are
now joining us (including Tumblr) on mobile devices. In addition, search queries are increasingly being undertaken through mobile devices. As a result, our ability to grow advertising revenue is increasingly dependent on our ability to generate
revenue from ads displayed on mobile devices. 
A key element of our strategy is focusing on mobile devices, and we expect to continue to devote
significant resources to the creation and support of developing new and innovative mobile products, services and apps. However, if our new mobile products, services and apps, including new forms
of Internet advertising for mobile devices, do not continue to attract and retain mobile users, advertisers and device manufacturers and to generate and grow mobile revenue, our operating and financial results will be adversely impacted. We are
dependent on the interoperability of our products and services with mobile operating systems we do not control and we may not be successful in maintaining relationships with the key participants in the mobile industry that control such mobile
operating systems. The manufacturer or access provider might promote a competitor’s or its own products and services, impair users’ access to our services by blocking access through their devices, make it hard for users to readily
discover, install, update or access our products on their devices, or charge us for delivery of ads, or limit our ability to deliver ads or measure their effectiveness. If distributors impair access to or refuse to distribute our services or apps,
or charge for or limit our ability to deliver ads or measure the effectiveness of our ads, then our user engagement and revenue could decline. 

If we do not manage our operating expenses effectively, our profitability could fail to improve and could decline. 

We have implemented cost reduction initiatives to reduce our operating expenses, including reducing our headcount, closing offices and exiting certain
products and verticals. However, we may not realize the cost savings expected from these initiatives or the revenue impact from our exit of certain regions and products may be greater than we expect. We plan to seek to operate efficiently

14 

Table of Contents

and to manage our costs effectively. However, we are also investing in areas we believe will grow revenue and our operating expenses might increase as a result of these investments. If our
operating expenses increase at a greater pace than our revenue grows, or if we fail to manage costs effectively, our profitability could fail to improve and could decline. 

There can be no assurance that our exploration of strategic alternatives will result in any transaction being
consummated, and speculation and uncertainty regarding the outcome of our exploration of strategic alternatives may adversely impact our business. 

In parallel with executing our strategic plan, we are exploring strategic alternatives, including transactions to separate our remaining stake in Alibaba
Group from our operating business focusing on a reverse spin transaction, as well as exploring strategic proposals for the operating business. Our Board has formed a Strategic Review Committee of independent directors to lead this process. There can
be no assurance that any transaction will be consummated, and the process of exploring strategic alternatives will involve the dedication of significant resources and the incurrence of significant costs and expenses. In addition, speculation and
uncertainty regarding our exploration of strategic alternatives may cause or result in: 

•

 disruption of our business; 

•

 distraction of our management and employees; 

•

 difficulty in recruiting, hiring, motivating, and retaining talented and skilled personnel; 

•

 difficulty in maintaining or negotiating and consummating new, business or strategic relationships or transactions; 

•

 increased stock price volatility; and 

•

 increased costs and advisory fees. 

If
we are unable to mitigate these or other potential risks related to the uncertainty caused by our exploration of strategic alternatives, it may disrupt our business or adversely impact our revenue, operating results, and financial condition. 

Risks associated with our Search Agreement with Microsoft may adversely affect our business and operating results.

Under our Search Agreement with Microsoft, Microsoft was the exclusive provider of algorithmic and paid search services for Yahoo