We
 face significant competition from large-scale Internet content,
 product and service aggregators, principally Google, Microsoft
 and AOL.

 We face significant competition from companies, principally
 Google, Microsoft, and AOL, that have aggregated a variety of
 Internet products, services and content in a manner similar to
 Yahoo!. Google’s Internet search service directly competes
 with us for Affiliate and advertiser arrangements, both of which
 are key to our business and operating results. Microsoft’s
 Internet search service also directly competes with us for
 Affiliate and advertiser arrangements with paid search, and may
 release features that may make Internet searching capabilities a
 more integrated part of its Windows operating system.
 Additionally, Google and Microsoft both offer many other
 services that directly compete with our services, including
 consumer
 e-mail
 services, desktop search, local search, instant messaging,
 photos, maps, video sharing, content channels, mobile
 applications, and shopping services. AOL has access to content
 from Time Warner’s movie, television, music, book,
 periodical, news, sports, and other media holdings; access to a
 network of cable and other broadband users and delivery
 technologies; advertising offerings; and considerable resources
 for future growth and expansion. Some of the existing
 competitors and possible additional entrants may have greater
 operational, strategic, financial, personnel or other resources
 than we do, as well as greater brand recognition either overall
 or for certain products and services. We expect these
 competitors increasingly to use their financial and engineering
 resources to compete with us, individually and potentially in
 combination with each other. In certain of these cases, most
 notably AOL, our competition has a direct billing relationship
 with a greater number of their users through Internet access and
 other services than we have with our users through our premium
 services. This relationship may permit such competitors to be
 more effective than us in targeting services and advertisements
 to the specific preferences of their users thereby giving them a
 competitive advantage. If our competitors are more successful
 than we are in developing compelling products or attracting and
 retaining users, advertisers, or publishers, then our revenues
 and growth rates could decline.

 We
 also face competition from other Internet service companies,
 including Internet access providers, device manufacturers
 offering online services, Internet advertising companies, and
 destination Websites.

 Our users must access our services through Internet access
 providers, including wireless providers and providers of cable
 and broadband Internet access. To the extent that an access
 provider or device manufacturer offers online services
 competitive with those of Yahoo!, the user may elect to use the
 services or properties of that access provider or manufacturer.
 In addition, the access provider or manufacturer may make it
 difficult to access our services by not listing them in the
 access provider’s or manufacturer’s own directory or
 by providing Yahoo! with less prominent listings than the access
 provider, manufacturer, or a competitor’s offerings. Such
 access providers and manufacturers may prove better able to
 target services and advertisements to the preferences of their
 users. If such access providers and device manufacturers are
 more successful than we are in developing compelling products or
 attracting and retaining users or advertisers, then our revenues
 could decline. Further, to the extent that Internet access
 providers, mobile service providers or network providers
 increase the costs of service to users or restrict Yahoo!’s
 ability to deliver products, services and content to advertisers
 or end users or increase our costs of doing so, our revenues
 could decline.

 We also compete for users and advertisers with many other
 providers of online services, including Internet advertising
 companies, destination Websites and social media and networking
 sites. Some of these competitors may have more expertise in a
 particular segment of the market, and within such segment, have
 longer operating histories, larger advertiser or user bases, and
 more brand recognition or technological features than we offer.

 In the future, competitors may acquire additional competitive
 offerings, and if we are unable to complete strategic
 acquisitions or investments, our business could become less
 competitive. Further, competitors may consolidate with each
 other to become more competitive, and new competitors may enter
 the market. If our competitors are more successful than we are
 in developing compelling products or attracting and retaining
 users, advertisers or publishers, then our revenues and growth
 rates could decline.

 16

Table of Contents

 We
 face significant competition from traditional media companies
 which could adversely affect our future operating
 results.

 We also compete with traditional media companies for
 advertising, both offline as well as increasingly with their
 online assets as media companies offer more content directly
 from their own Websites. Most advertisers currently spend only
 a small portion of their advertising budgets on Internet
 advertising. If we fail to persuade existing advertisers to
 retain and increase their spending with us and if we fail to
 persuade new advertisers to spend a portion of their budget on
 advertising with us, our revenues could decline and our future
 operating results could be adversely affected.

 If we
 are unable to provide search technologies and other services
 which generate significant traffic to our Websites, or we are
 unable to enter into or continue distribution relationships that
 drive significant traffic to our Websites, our business could be
 harmed, causing our revenues to decline.

 We have deployed our own Internet search technology to provide
 search results on our network. We have more limited experience
 in operating our own search service than do some of our
 competitors. Internet search is characterized by rapidly
 changing technology, significant competition, evolving industry
 standards and frequent product and service enhancements. We
 must continually invest in improving our users’ experience,
 including search relevance, speed, and services responsive to
 users’ needs and preferences, to continue to attract,
 retain and expand our user base. If we are unable to provide
 search technologies and other services which generate
 significant traffic to our Websites, or if we are unable to
 enter into distribution relationships that continue to drive
 significant traffic to our Websites, our business could be
 harmed, causing our revenues to decline.

 The
 majority of our revenues are derived from marketing services,
 and the reduction in spending by or loss of current or potential
 advertisers would cause our revenues and operating results to
 decline.

 For the year ended December 31, 2007, 87 percent of
 our total revenues came from marketing services. Our ability to
 continue to retain and grow marketing services revenue depends
 upon:

 • 

 maintaining our user base;

 • 

 maintaining our popularity as an Internet destination site;

 • 

 broadening our relationships with advertisers to small-and
 medium-sized businesses;

 • 

 attracting advertisers to our user base;

 • 

 increasing demand for our services by advertisers, users,
 businesses and Affiliates, including prices paid by advertisers,
 the number of searches performed by users, the rate at which
 users click-through to commercial search results and advertiser
 perception of the quality of leads generated by our marketing
 services;

 • 

 the successful implementation and acceptance of our advertising
 exchange by advertisers, networks, Affiliates, and publishers;

 • 

 the successful development and deployment of technology
 improvements to our advertising platform;

 • 

 maintaining our Affiliate program for our search marketing;

 • 

 deriving better demographic and other information from our
 users; and

 • 

 driving acceptance of the Web in general and of Yahoo! in
 particular by advertisers as an advertising medium.

 In many cases, our agreements with advertisers have terms of one
 year or less, or, in the case of search marketing, may be
 terminated at any time by the advertiser. Search marketing
 agreements often have payments dependent upon usage or
 click-through levels. Accordingly, it is difficult to forecast
 marketing services revenues accurately. In addition, our
 expense levels are based in part on expectations of future
 revenues, including occasional guaranteed minimum payments to
 our Affiliates in connection with search
 and/or
 display advertising, and are fixed over the short-term with
 respect to certain categories. Any reduction in spending by or
 loss of existing or potential future advertisers would cause our
 revenues to decline. Further, we may be unable to adjust
 spending quickly enough to compensate for any unexpected revenue
 shortfall.

 17

Table of Contents

 In
 certain markets, we depend on a limited number of sources to
 direct a significant percentage of users and businesses to our
 service to conduct searches and a loss of any of these sources
 could harm our operating results.

 A significant percentage of users and businesses that conduct
 searches and access our search marketing listings come from a
 limited number of sources in certain markets. In addition to
 Yahoo! Properties, sources for users are members of our
 Affiliate network, including portals, browsers and other
 Affiliates. Our agreements with Affiliates vary in duration,
 and depending on the agreement, provide varying levels of
 discretion to the Affiliate in the implementation of search
 marketing, including the degree to which Affiliates can modify
 the presentation of the search marketing listings on their
 Websites or integrate search marketing with their own services.
 The agreements may be terminable upon the occurrence of certain
 events, including failure to meet certain service levels,
 material breaches of agreement terms, changes in control or in
 some instances, at will. We may not be successful in renewing
 our Affiliate agreements on as favorable terms or at all. The
 loss of Affiliates providing significant users or businesses or
 an adverse change in implementation of search marketing by any
 of these Affiliates could harm our ability to generate revenue,
 our operating results and cash flows from operations.

 We may
 not be able to generate substantial revenues from our alliances
 with Internet access providers.

 Through alliances with Internet access providers, we offer
 access services that combine customized content and services
 from Yahoo! (including browser and other communications
 services) and Internet access from third-party access
 providers. We may not be able to retain the alliances with our
 existing Internet access providers or to obtain new alliances
 with Internet access providers on terms that are reasonable. In
 addition, these Internet access services compete with many large
 companies such as AOL, Microsoft, Comcast Corporation and other
 established Internet access providers. In certain of these
 cases, our competition has substantially greater market presence
 (including an existing user base) and greater financial,
 technical, marketing or other resources. As a result of these
 and other competitive factors, the Internet access providers
 with which we have formed alliances may not be able to attract,
 grow or retain their user bases, which would negatively impact
 our ability to sell customized content and services through this
 channel and, in turn, reduce our anticipated revenues from our
 alliances.

 Some
 of our shared revenue arrangements may not generate anticipated
 revenues.

 We typically receive co-branded revenue through revenue sharing
 arrangements or a portion of transactions revenue. In some
 cases, our revenue arrangements require that minimum levels of
 user impressions be provided by us. These arrangements expose
 us to potentially significant financial risks in the event our
 usage levels decrease, including the following:

 • 

 the revenue we are entitled to receive may be adjusted downwards;

 • 

 we may be required to “make good” on our obligations
 by providing additional advertising or alternative services;

 • 

 the partners of co-brand services may not renew the arrangements
 or may renew at lower rates; and

 • 

 the arrangements may not generate anticipated levels of shared
 transactions revenue, or partners may default on the payment
 commitments in such agreements as has occurred in the past.

 Accordingly, any leveling off or decrease of our user base (or
 usage by our existing base) or the failure to generate
 anticipated levels of shared transactions revenue could result
 in a significant decrease in our revenues.

 Decreases
 or delays in advertising spending by our advertisers due to
 general economic conditions could harm our ability to generate
 advertising revenues.

 Expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting
 overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns.
 Since we derive most of our revenues from advertising, any
 decreases in or delays in advertising spending due to general
 economic conditions could reduce our revenues or negatively
 impact our ability to grow our revenues.

 18

Table of Contents

 Financial
 results for any particular period do not predict results for
 future periods.

 There can be no assurance that the purchasing pattern of
 advertisers on Yahoo! Properties will not fluctuate, that
 advertisers will not make smaller and shorter-term purchases, or
 that market prices for online advertising will not decrease due
 to competitive or other factors. In addition, there can be no
 assurance that the volume of searches conducted, the amounts bid
 by advertisers for search marketing listings or the number of
 advertisers that bid in our search marketing marketplace will
 not vary widely from period to period. As revenues from new
 sources increase, it may become more difficult to predict our
 financial results based on historical performance. You should
 not rely on the results for any period as an indication of
 future performance.

 We
 estimate tax liabilities, the final determination of which is
 subject to review by domestic and international taxation
 authorities.

 We are subject to income taxes and other taxes in both the U.S.
 and the foreign jurisdictions in which we currently operate or
 have historically operated. We are also subject to review and
 audit by both domestic and foreign taxation authorities. The
 determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and
 current and deferred tax assets and liabilities requires
 judgment and estimation. In the ordinary course of our
 business, there are many transactions and calculations where the
 ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe
 our tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may
 materially differ from the tax amounts recorded in our
 consolidated financial statements and may materially affect our
 income tax provision, net income or cash flows in the period or
 periods for which such determination is made.

 We
 rely on the value of our brands, and a failure to maintain or
 enhance the Yahoo! brands in a cost-effective manner could harm
 our operating results.

 We believe that maintaining and enhancing our brands, including
 those that contain the Yahoo! name as well as those that do not,
 is an important aspect of our efforts to attract and expand our
 user, advertiser, and Affiliate base. We also believe that the
 importance of brand recognition will increase due to the
 relatively low barriers to entry in the Internet market. We
 have spent considerable money and resources to date on the
 establishment and maintenance of our brands, and we anticipate
 spending increasing amounts of money on, and devoting greater
 resources to, advertising, marketing and other brand-building
 efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our
 brands. We may not be able to successfully maintain or enhance
 consumer awareness of our brands and, even if we are successful
 in our branding efforts, these efforts may not be
 cost-effective. If we are unable to maintain or enhance
 customer awareness of our brands in a cost-effective manner, our
 business, operating results and financial condition could be
 harmed.

 If we
 are unable to license or acquire compelling content at
 reasonable cost or if we do not develop or commission compelling
 content of our own, the number of users of our services may not
 grow as anticipated, or may decline, or users’ level of
 engagement with our services may decline, all or any of which
 could harm our operating results.

 Our future success depends in part upon our ability to aggregate
 compelling content and deliver that content through our online