We face significant competition for users, advertisers, publishers, developers, and distributors. 

We face significant competition from integrated online media companies as well as from social networking sites, traditional print and broadcast media,
general purpose and vertical search engines and various e-commerce sites. In a number of international markets, especially those in Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Latin America, we face substantial competition from local Internet service
providers and other portals that offer search, communications, and other commercial services. 

Several of our competitors offer an integrated
variety of Internet products, advertising services, technologies, online services and content in a manner similar to Yahoo!. We compete against these and other companies to attract and retain users, advertisers, developers, and third-party Website
publishers as participants in our Affiliate network, and to obtain agreements with third parties to promote or distribute our services. We also compete with social media and networking sites which are attracting a substantial and increasing share of
users and users’ online time, and may continue to attract an increasing share of online advertising dollars. 

In addition, several
competitors offer products and services that directly compete for users with our offerings, including consumer e-mail, local search, instant messaging, daily deals, photos, maps, video sharing, content channels, mobile applications, and shopping.
Similarly, the advertising networks operated by our competitors or by other participants in the display marketplace offer services that directly compete with our offerings for advertisers, including advertising exchanges, ad networks, demand side
platforms, ad serving technologies and sponsored search offerings. We also compete with traditional print and broadcast media companies to attract domestic and international advertising spending. Some of our existing competitors and possible
entrants may have greater brand recognition for certain products and services, more expertise in a particular segment of the market, and greater operational, strategic, technological, financial, personnel, or other resources than we do. Many of our
competitors have access to considerable financial and technical resources with which to compete aggressively, including by funding future growth and expansion and investing in acquisitions, technologies, and research and development. Further,
emerging start-ups may be able to innovate and provide new products and services faster than we can. In addition, competitors may consolidate with each other or collaborate, and new competitors may enter the market. Some of our competitors in
international markets have a substantial competitive advantage over us because they have dominant market share in their territories, are owned by local telecommunications providers, have greater brand recognition, are focused on a single market, are
more familiar with local tastes and preferences, or have greater regulatory and operational flexibility due to the fact that we may be subject to both U.S. and foreign regulatory requirements. 

If our competitors are more successful than we are in developing and deploying compelling products or in attracting and retaining users, advertisers,
publishers, developers, or distributors, our revenue and growth rates could decline. 

The majority of our revenue is derived from
display and search, and the reduction in spending by or loss of current or potential advertisers would cause our revenue and operating results to decline. 

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2011, 81 percent of our total revenue came from display and search. Our ability to continue to retain and grow display and search revenue depends upon:

•

 maintaining and growing our user base; 

•

 maintaining and growing our popularity as an Internet destination site; 

•

 maintaining and expanding our advertiser base on the Internet and mobile devices; 

•

 broadening our relationships with advertisers to small- and medium-sized businesses; 

•

 successfully implementing changes and improvements to our advertising management platforms and obtaining the acceptance of our advertising management
platforms by advertisers, Website publishers, and online advertising networks; 

14 

Table of Contents

•

 successfully acquiring, investing in, and implementing new technologies and strategic partnerships; 

•

 successfully implementing changes in our sales force, sales development teams, and sales strategy; 

•

 continuing to innovate and improve the monetization capabilities of our display advertising products; 

•

 effectively monetizing search queries; 

•

 continuing to innovate and improve users’ search experiences; 

•

 maintaining and expanding our Affiliate program for search and display advertising services; and 

•

 deriving better demographic and other information about our users to enable us to offer better experiences to both our users and advertisers.

In most cases, our agreements with advertisers have a term of one year or less, and may be terminated at any time by the
advertiser or by us. Search marketing agreements often have payments dependent upon usage or click-through levels. Accordingly, it is difficult to forecast display and search revenue accurately. In addition, our expense levels are based in part on
expectations of future revenue, including occasional guaranteed minimum payments to our Affiliates in connection with search and/or display advertising, and are fixed over the short-term in some categories. The state of the global economy and
availability of capital has impacted and could further impact the advertising spending patterns of existing and potential advertisers. Any reduction in spending by, or loss of, existing or potential advertisers would negatively impact our revenue
and operating results. Further, we may be unable to adjust our expenses and capital expenditures quickly enough to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. 

Adverse general economic conditions have caused and could cause decreases or delays in display and search services spending by our advertisers and could harm our ability to generate display and
search revenue and our results of operations. 

Display and search expenditures tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic
conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. Since we derive most of our revenue from display and search, adverse economic conditions have caused, and a continuation of adverse economic conditions could cause, additional decreases or delays in
advertising spending, a reduction in our display and search revenue and a negative impact on our short-term ability to grow our revenue. Further, any decreased collectability of accounts receivable or early termination of agreements, whether
resulting from customer bankruptcies or otherwise due to the current economic conditions, could negatively impact our results of operations. 

If we do not manage our operating expenses effectively, our profitability could decline. 

We have implemented cost reduction initiatives to better align our operating expenses with our revenue, including reducing our headcount, outsourcing some
administrative functions, consolidating space and terminating leases or entering into subleases. We plan to continue to manage costs to better and more efficiently manage our business. However, our operating expenses might also increase from their
reduced levels as we expand our operations in areas of desired growth, continue to develop and extend the Yahoo! brand, fund product development, build data centers or acquire real property, and acquire and integrate complementary businesses and
technologies. Our operating costs might also increase if we do not effectively manage costs as we transition markets under the Search Agreement and reimbursements from Microsoft under the Search Agreement decline or cease. In addition, weak economic
conditions or other factors could cause our business to contract, requiring us to implement additional cost cutting measures. If our expenses increase at a greater pace than our revenue, or if we fail to implement additional cost cutting if required
in a timely manner, our profitability will decline. 

15 

Table of Contents

Transition, implementation and execution risks associated with our Search Agreement with Microsoft may
adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Under our Search Agreement with Microsoft, Microsoft is the exclusive algorithmic
and paid search services provider on Yahoo! Properties and non-exclusive provider of such services on Affiliate sites for the transitioned markets. Revenue under the Search Agreement represented more than 10 percent of our revenue during 2011. The
parties commenced implementation of the Search Agreement on February 23, 2010. The transition process is complex and requires the expenditure of significant time and resources by us. We have completed the transition of our algorithmic search
platform to the Microsoft platform in all markets, and have completed transition of paid search in several markets, including the U.S., Canada, and India. The market-by-market transition of our paid search platform to Microsoft’s platform and
the migration of paid search advertisers and publishers to Microsoft’s platform are expected to continue through the first half of 2013. Delays or difficulties in, or disruptions and inconveniences caused by, the transition process could result
in the loss of advertisers, publishers, Affiliates, and employees, as well as delays in recognizing or reductions in the anticipated benefits of the transaction, any of which could negatively impact our business and operating results. 

If Microsoft fails to perform as required under the Search Agreement for any reason or suffers service level interruptions or other performance issues
(including if Microsoft is unable to effectively monetize search queries in markets where paid search has transitioned under the Search Agreement), or if advertisers, Affiliates, or users are less satisfied than expected with the services provided
or results obtained after transition or during the period prior to the transition of search to Microsoft in their respective markets, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the Search Agreement, we may lose advertisers, publishers and
Affiliates, we may lose exclusivity with certain publishers, and our search revenue or our profitability could decline. Under the Search Agreement, for each market, Microsoft generally guarantees Yahoo!’s revenue per search (“RPS
Guarantee”) on Yahoo! Properties for 18 months after the transition of paid search services to Microsoft’s platform in that market. In 2011, Microsoft agreed to extend the RPS Guarantee in the U.S. and Canada through March 2013. To the
extent the RPS Guarantee payments we receive do not fully offset any shortfall relating to revenue per search in transitioned markets or if our revenue per search upon expiration of the RPS Guarantee payments is lower than the guarantee levels, our
search revenue, or our profitability could decline. Notwithstanding any RPS Guarantee payments that we may receive, our competitors may increase revenue, profitability and market share at a higher rate than us. 

If we are unable to provide innovative search experiences and other products and services that generate significant traffic to our Websites, our
business could be harmed, causing our revenue to decline. 

Internet search is characterized by rapidly changing technology, significant
competition, evolving industry standards, and frequent product and service enhancements. We must continually invest in improving our users’ search experience—presenting users with a search experience that is responsive to their needs and
preferences—in order to continue to attract, retain, and expand our user base and paid search advertiser base. 

We currently deploy our
own technology to provide algorithmic Web search and paid search results on our network, except in markets where we have transitioned those services to Microsoft’s platform. Even after we complete the transition to Microsoft’s platform in
all markets, we will need to continue to invest and innovate to improve our users’ search experience. 

We also generate revenue through
other online products and services, such as Yahoo! Mail. If we are unable to provide innovative search and other products and services which generate significant traffic to our Websites, our business could be harmed, causing our revenue to decline.

16 

Table of Contents

Our comprehensive strategic review may cause uncertainty regarding the future of our business, impact
employee hiring and retention, increase the volatility in our stock price, and adversely impact our revenue, operating results, and financial condition. 

Our Board of Directors is engaged in a comprehensive strategic review, which includes evaluating the full range of options available to return our company to increased growth and innovation. Our
Board’s strategic review and any related speculation and uncertainty regarding our future business strategy and direction, including litigation pending in the Delaware Chancery Court relating to the strategic review process, may cause or result
in: 

•

 disruption of our business or distraction of our employees and management; 

•

 difficulty in recruiting, hiring, motivating, and retaining talented and skilled personnel; 

•

 increased stock price volatility; 

•

 difficulty in negotiating, maintaining, or consummating business or strategic relationships or transactions; and 

•

 increased advisory fees or costs to investigate or defend litigation, even if claims are without merit or do not ultimately result in liability or
changes in business practices. 

If we are unable to mitigate these or other potential risks related to the uncertainty
caused by the strategic review, it may disrupt our business or adversely impact our revenue, operating results, and financial condition. 

If we are unable to recruit and retain key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business plan. 

Our business is dependent on our ability to recruit, hire, motivate, and retain talented, highly skilled personnel. Achieving this objective may be
difficult due to many factors, including the intense competition for such highly skilled personnel in the San Francisco Bay Area and other metropolitan areas where our offices and the offices of several of our competitors are located; fluctuations
in global economic and industry conditions; changes in our management or leadership; uncertainty due to our comprehensive strategic review; competitors’ hiring practices; and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. If we do not succeed
in recruiting, retaining, and motivating our key employees and in attracting new key personnel, we may be unable to meet our business plan and as a result, our revenue and profitability may decline. 

If we are unable to license or acquire compelling content and services at reasonable cost or if we do not develop or commission compelling content
of our own, the number of users of our services may not grow as anticipated, or may decline, or users’ level of engagement with our services may decline, all or any of which could harm our operating results. 

Our future success depends in part on our ability to aggregate compelling content and deliver that content through our online properties. We license from
third parties much of the content and services on our online properties, such as news items, stock quotes, weather reports, music videos, music radio, and maps. We believe that users will increasingly demand high-quality content and services,
including music videos, film clips, news footage, and special productions. Such content and services may require us to make substantial payments to third parties from whom we license or acquire such content or services. Our ability to maintain and
build relationships with such third-party providers is critical to our success. In addition, as new methods for accessing the Internet become available, including through alternative devices, we may need to enter into amended agreements with
existing third-party providers to cover the new devices. We may be unable to enter into new, or preserve existing, relationships with the third-parties whose content or services we seek to obtain. In addition, as competition for compelling content
increases both domestically and internationally, our third-party providers may increase the prices at which they offer their content and services to us, and potential providers may not offer their content or services to us at all, or may offer them
on terms that are not agreeable to us. An increase in the prices charged to us by third-party providers could harm our operating results and financial condition. Further, many of our content and services licenses with third parties are
non-exclusive. Accordingly, other media providers may be able to offer similar or identical content. This increases the importance of our ability to deliver compelling editorial content and personalization of this content for users in order to
differentiate Yahoo! from other businesses. If we 

17 

Table of Contents

are unable to license or acquire compelling content at reasonable prices, if other companies distribute content or services that are similar to or the same as that provided by us, or if we do not
develop compelling editorial content or personalization services, the number of users of our services may not grow as anticipated, or may decline, which could harm our operating results. 

We rely on the value of our brands, and a failure to maintain or enhance the Yahoo! brands in a cost-effective manner could harm our operating results. 

We believe that maintaining and enhancing our brands is an important aspect of our efforts to attract and expand our user, advertiser, and Affiliate base.
We also believe that the importance of brand recognition will increase due to the relatively low barriers to entry in certain portions of the Internet market. We have spent considerable money and resources to date on the establishment and
maintenance of our brands, and we anticipate continuing to spend and devote resources to, advertising, marketing, and other brand-building efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands. Our brands may be negatively impacted by a
number of factors, including among other issues: service outages; product malfunctions; data privacy and security issues; exploitation of our trademarks by others without permission; and poor presentation or integration of our search marketing
offerings by Affiliates on their sites or in their software and services. 

Further, while we attempt to ensure that the quality of our brands
is maintained by our licensees, our licensees might take actions that could impair the value of our brands, our proprietary rights, or the reputation of our products and media properties. If we are unable to maintain or enhance customer awareness
of, and trust in, our brands in a cost-effective manner, or if we incur excessive expenses in these efforts, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any failure or inability to sufficiently protect them could harm our business and our operating results. 

We create, own, and maintain a wide array of intellectual property assets, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade dress, trade secrets, and
rights to certain domain names, which we believe are collectively among our most valuable assets. We seek to protect our intellectual property assets through patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark, and other laws of the U.S. and other countries
of the world, and through contractual provisions. However, the efforts we have taken to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights might not be sufficient or effective at stopping unauthorized use of those rights. Protection of the
distinctive elements of Yahoo! might not always be available under copyright law or trademark law, or we might not discover or determine the full extent of any unauthorized use of our copyrights and trademarks in order to protect our rights. In
addition, effective trademark, patent, copyright, and trade secret protection might not be available or cost-effective in every country in which our products and media properties are distributed or made available through the Internet. Changes in
patent law, such as changes in the law regarding patentable subject matter, could also impact our ability to obtain patent protection for our innovations. In particular, recent amendments to the U.S. patent law will become effective in 2012 and may
affect our ability to protect our innovations and defend against claims of patent infringement. Further, given the costs of obtaining patent protection, we might choose not to protect (or not to protect in some jurisdictions) certain innovations
that later turn out to be important. There is also a risk that the scope of protection under our patents may not be sufficient in some cases or that existing patents may be deemed invalid or unenforceable. With respect to maintaining our trade
secrets, we have entered into confidentiality agreements with most of our employees and contractors, and confidentiality agreements with many of the parties with whom we conduct business in order to limit access to and disclosure of our proprietary
information. However, these agreements might be breached and our trade secrets might be compromised by outside parties or by our employees, which could cause us to lose any competitive advantage provided by maintaining our trade secrets. 

If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use, the value of our intellectual property assets may be reduced. In addition,
protecting our intellectual property and other proprietary rights is expensive and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and consequently harm our operating
results. 

18 

Table of Contents

We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property infringement or other third-party
claims, which are costly to defend, could result in significant damage awards, and could limit our ability to provide certain content or use certain technologies in the future. 

Internet, technology, media, and patent holding companies often possess a significant number of patents. Further, many of these companies and other parties are actively developing or purchasing search,
indexing, electronic commerce, and other Internet-related technologies, as well as a variety of online business models and methods. 

We
believe that these parties will continue to take steps to protect these technologies, including, but not limited to, seeking patent protection. In addition, patent holding companies may continue to seek to monetize patents they have purchased or
otherwise obtained. As a result, disputes regarding the ownership of technologies and rights associated with online businesses are likely to continue to arise in the future. From time to time, parties assert patent infringement claims against us.
Currently, we are engaged in a number of lawsuits regarding patent issues and have been notified of a number of other potential disputes. 

In
addition to patent claims, third parties have asserted, and are likely in the future to assert, claims against us alleging infringement of copyrights, trademark rights, trade secret rights or other proprietary rights, or alleging unfair competition,
violation of federal or state statutes or other claims, including alleged violation of international statutory and common law. In addition, third parties have made, and may continue to make, infringement and related claims against us over the
display of content or search results triggered by search terms, including the display of advertising, that include trademark terms. Currently, we are engaged in lawsuits regarding such intellectual property issues. 

As we expand our business and develop new technologies, products and services, we may become increasingly subject to intellectual property infringement
claims, including those that may arise under international laws. In the event that there is a determination that we have infringed third-party proprietary rights such as patents, copyrights, trademark rights, trade secret rights, or other
third-party rights such as publicity and privacy rights, we could incur substantial monetary liability, or be required to enter into costly royalty or licensing agreements or be prevented from using such rights, which could require us to change our
business practices in the future, hinder us from offering certain features, functionalities, products or services, require us to develop non-infringing products or technologies, and limit our ability to compete effectively. We may also incur
substantial expenses in defending against third-party claims regardless of the merit of such claims. In addition, many of our agreements with our customers or Affiliates require us to indemnify them for some types of third-party intellectual
property infringement claims, which could increase our costs in defending such claims and our damages. Furthermore, such customers and Affiliates may discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies either as a result of injunctions
or otherwise. The occurrence of any of these results could harm our brands or have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, operating results, and cash flows. 

We are subject to a variety of new and existing U.S. and foreign government laws and regulations which could subject us to claims, judgments, monetary liabilities and other remedies, and to
limitations on our business practices. 

We are subject to laws and regulations directly applicable to providers of Internet, mobile,
and voice over Internet protocol, or VOIP, services both domestically and internationally. The application of existing domestic and international laws and regulations to us relating to issues such as user privacy and data protection, security,
defamation, pricing, advertising, taxation, gambling, sweepstakes, promotions, billing, real estate, consumer protection, accessibility, content regulation, quality of services, law enforcement demands, telecommunications, mobile, television, and
intellectual property ownership and infringement in many instances is unclear or unsettled. In addition, we will also be subject to any new laws and regulations directly applicable to our domestic and international activities. Further, the
application of existing laws to us or our subsidiaries regulating or requiring licenses for certain businesses of our advertisers including, for example, distribution of pharmaceuticals, alcohol, adult content, tobacco, or firearms, as well as
insurance and securities brokerage, and 

19 

Table of Contents

legal services, can be unclear. Internationally, we may also be subject to laws regulating our activities in foreign countries and to foreign laws and regulations that are inconsistent from
country to country. We may incur substantial liabilities for expenses necessary to defend such litigation or to comply with these laws and regulations, as well as potential substantial penalties for any failure to comply. Compliance with these laws
and regulations may also cause us to change or limit our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 

A number of U.S. federal
laws, including those referenced below, impact our business. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) is intended, in part, to limit the liability of eligible online service providers for listing or linking to third-party Websites
that include materials that infringe copyrights or other rights of others. Portions of the Communications Decency Act (“CDA”) are intended to provide statutory protections to online service providers who distribute third-party content. We
rely on the protections provided by both the DMCA and the CDA in conducting our business. If these or other laws or judicial interpretations are changed to narrow their protections, or if international jurisdictions refuse to apply similar
provisions in foreign lawsuits, we will be subject to greater risk of liability, our costs of compliance with these regulations or to defend litigation may increase, or our ability to operate certain lines of business may be limited. The
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act is intended to impose restrictions on the ability of online services to collect some types of information from children under the age of 13. In addition, Providing Resources, Officers, and Technology to
Eradicate Cyber Threats to Our Children Act of 2008 (“PROTECT Act”) requires online service providers to report evidence of violations of federal child pornography laws under certain circumstances. Other federal, state or international
laws and legislative efforts designed to protect children on the Internet may impose additional requirements on us. U.S. export control laws and regulations impose requirements and restrictions on exports to certain nations and persons and on our
business. 

Changes in these or any other laws and regulations or the interpretation of them could increase our future compliance costs, make
our products and services less attractive to our users, or cause us to change or limit our business practices. Further, any failure on our part to comply with any relevant laws or regulations may subject us to significant civil or criminal
liabilities. 

Changes in regulations or user concerns regarding privacy and protection of user data, or any failure to comply with such
laws, could adversely affect our business. 

The use of consumer data by online service providers and advertising networks is a topic of
active interest among federal, state, and international regulatory bodies, and the regulatory environment is unsettled. Federal, state, and international laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, disclosure, sharing and security of
data that we receive from and about our users. Our privacy policies and practices concerning the collection, use, and disclosure of user data are posted on our and many of our Affiliates’ Websites. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to
comply with our posted privacy policies, to make effective modifications to our privacy policies, or to comply with any data-related consent orders, Federal Trade Commission requirements or orders, or other federal, state, or international privacy
or data-protection-related laws, regulations or industry self-regulatory principles could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. 

Further, failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our policies, applicable requirements, or industry self-regulatory principles related to the
collection, use, sharing or security of personal information, or other privacy, data-retention or data-protection matters could result in a loss of user confidence in us, damage to the Yahoo! brands, and ultimately in a loss of users, advertising
partners, or Affiliates which could adversely affect our business. 

In addition, various federal, state and foreign legislative or regulatory
bodies may enact new or additional laws and regulations concerning privacy, data-retention and data-protection issues, including laws or regulations mandating disclosure to domestic or international law enforcement bodies, which could adversely
impact our business, our brand or our reputation with users. The interpretation and application of privacy, data protection 

20 

Table of Contents

and data retention laws and regulations are currently unsettled in the U.S. and internationally. These laws may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and
inconsistently with our current policies and practices, making it difficult to make long-range business planning decisions regarding data use, notice, storage, access, or retention. Complying with these varying international requirements could cause
us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 

If our security
measures are breached, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, users and customers may curtail or stop using our products and services, and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure. 

Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of Yahoo!’s users’ and customers’ personal and proprietary information in
our facilities and on our equipment, networks and corporate systems. Security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation, remediation costs, increased costs for security measures, loss of revenue, damage to our
reputation, and potential liability. Our user data and corporate systems and security measures may be breached due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, malfeasance, or otherwise, and, as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain
access to our data or our users’ or customers’ data. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, users, or customers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or our users’
or customers’ data. We must continuously examine and modify our security controls and business policies to adapt to the rise of social networking, the adoption of new devices and technologies enabling users to share data and communicate in new
ways, and the increasing focus by our users and regulators on controlling and protecting user data. 

Any breach or unauthorized access could
result in significant legal and financial exposure, increased costs for security measures or to defend litigation or damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in the security of our products and services and networks that could potentially
have an adverse effect on our business. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently or may be designed to remain dormant until a predetermined event and often are not
recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our
security measures could be harmed, we could lose users and customers, and we could suffer financial exposure due to such events or in connection with remediation efforts, investigation costs, changed security, and system protection measures.

We may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online services or content. 

We host and provide a wide variety of services and technology products that enable and encourage individuals and businesses to exchange information,
upload or otherwise generate photos, videos, text, and other content; advertise products and services; conduct business; and engage in various online activities both domestically and internationally. As a publisher of original content, we may be
subject to claims such as libel, defamation or improper use of publicity rights, as well as infringement claims such as plagiarism. The law relating to the liability of providers of online services and products for activities of their users is
currently unsettled both within the U.S. and internationally. Claims have been threatened and brought against us for defamation, negligence, breaches of contract, plagiarism, copyright or trademark infringement, unfair competition, unlawful
activity, tort, including personal injury, fraud, or other theories based on the nature and content of information which we publish or to which we provide links or that may be posted online or generated by us or by third parties, including our
users. In addition, we have been and may again in the future be subject to domestic or international actions alleging that certain content we have generated or third-party content that we have made available within our services violates laws in
domestic and international jurisdictions. Defense of any such actions could be costly and involve significant time and attention of our management and other resources, may result in monetary liabilities or penalties, and may require us to change our
business in an adverse manner. 

We arrange for the distribution of third-party advertisements to third-party publishers and advertising
networks, and we offer third-party products, services, or content, such as stock quotes and trading information, under the 

21 

Table of Contents

Yahoo! brand or via distribution on Yahoo! Properties. We may be subject to claims concerning these products, services, or content by virtue of our involvement in marketing, branding,
broadcasting, or providing access to them, even if we do not ourselves host, operate, provide, or provide access to these products, services, or content. While our agreements with respect to these products, services, and content often provide that
we will be indemnified against such liabilities, the ability to receive such indemnification may be disputed, could result in substantial costs to enforce or defend, and depends on the financial resources of the other party to the agreement, and any
amounts received might not be adequate to cover our liabilities or the costs associated with defense of such proceedings. 

It is also possible
that if the manner in which information is provided or any information provided directly by us contains errors or is otherwise wrongfully provided to users, third parties could make claims against us. For example, we offer Web-based e-mail services,
which expose us to potential risks, such as liabilities or claims resulting from unsolicited e-mail, lost or misdirected messages, illegal or fraudulent use of e-mail, alleged violations of policies or privacy protections, including civil or
criminal laws, or interruptions or delays in e-mail service. We may also face purported consumer class actions or state actions relating to our online services, including our fee-based services (particularly in connection with any decision to
discontinue a fee-based service). In addition, our customers, third parties, or government entities may assert claims or actions against us if our online services or technologies are used to spread or facilitate malicious or harmful code or
applications. Investigating and defending these types of claims are expensive, even if the claims are without merit or do not ultimately result in liability, and could subject us to significant monetary liability or cause a change in business
practices that could negatively impact our ability to compete. 

Acquisitions and strategic investments could result in adverse impacts
on our operations and in unanticipated liabilities. 

We have acquired, and have made strategic investments in, a number of companies
(including through joint ventures) in the past, and we expect to make additional acquisitions and strategic investments in the future. Such transactions may result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, use of our cash resources, and
incurrence of debt and amortization expenses related to intangible assets. Our acquisitions and strategic investments to date were accompanied by a number of risks, including: 

•

 the difficulty of assimilating the operations and personnel of our acquired companies into our operations; 

•

 the potential disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; 

•

 the incurrence of additional operating losses and expenses of the businesses we acquired or in which we invested; 

•

 the difficulty of integrating acquired technology and rights into our services and unanticipated expenses related to such integration;

•

 the failure to successfully further develop acquired technology resulting in the impairment of amounts currently capitalized as intangible assets;

•

 the failure of strategic investments to perform as expected; 

•

 the potential for patent and trademark infringement and data privacy and security claims against the acquired companies, or companies in which we have
invested; 

•

 litigation or other claims in connection with acquisitions, acquired companies, or companies in which we have invested; 

•

 the impairment or loss of relationships with customers and partners of the companies we acquired or in which we invested or with our customers and
partners as a result of the integration of acquired operations; 

•

 the impairment of relationships with, or failure to retain, employees of acquired companies or our existing employees as a result of integration of new
personnel; 

•

 our lack of, or limitations on our, control over the operations of our joint venture companies; 

22 

Table of Contents

•

 the difficulty of integrating operations, systems, and controls as a result of cultural, regulatory, systems, and operational differences;

•

 in the case of foreign acquisitions and investments, the impact of particular economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated
with specific countries; and 

•

 the impact of known potential liabilities or liabilities that may be unknown, including as a result of inadequate internal controls, associated with
the companies we acquired or in which we invested. 

We are likely to experience similar risks in connection with our future
acquisitions and strategic investments. Our failure to be successful in addressing these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and strategic investments could cause us to fail to realize the
anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally. 

Any failure
to manage expansion and changes to our business could adversely affect our operating results. 

We continue to evolve our business. As a
result of acquisitions, and international expansion in recent years, more than half of our employees are now based outside of our Sunnyvale, California headquarters. If we are unable to effectively manage a large and geographically dispersed group
of employees or to anticipate our future growth and personnel needs, our business may be adversely affected. 

As we expand our business, we
must also expand and adapt our operational infrastructure. Our business relies on data systems, billing systems, and financial reporting and control systems, among others. All of these systems have become increasingly complex in the recent past due
to the growing complexity of our business, acquisitions of new businesses with different systems, and increased regulation over controls and procedures. To manage our business in a cost-effective manner, we will need to continue to upgrade and
improve our data systems, billing systems, and other operational and financial systems, procedures, and controls. In some cases, we are outsourcing administrative functions to lower-cost providers. These upgrades, improvements and outsourcing
changes will require a dedication of resources and in some cases are likely to be complex. If we are unable to adapt our systems and put adequate controls in place in a timely manner, our business may be adversely affected. In particular, sustained
failures of our billing systems to accommodate increasing numbers of transactions, to accurately bill users and advertisers, or to accurately compensate Affiliates could adversely affect the viability of our business model. 

Any failure to scale and adapt our existing technology architecture to manage expansion of user-facing services and to respond to rapid
technological change could adversely affect our business. 

As some of the most visited sites on the Internet, Yahoo! Properties deliver
a significant number of products, services, page views, and advertising impressions to users around the world. The products and services offered by us are expected to continue to expand and change significantly and rapidly in the future to
accommodate new technologies and Internet advertising solutions, and new means of content delivery. 

In addition, widespread adoption of new
Internet, networking or telecommunications technologies, or other technological changes, could require substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our services or infrastructure. The technology architectures and platforms utilized for our services
are highly complex and may not provide satisfactory security features or support in the future, as usage increases and products and services expand, change, and become more complex. In the future, we may make additional changes to our, or move to
completely new, architectures, platforms and systems. Such changes may be technologically challenging to develop and implement, may take time to test and deploy, may cause us to incur substantial costs or data loss, and may cause delays or
interruptions in service. These changes, delays, or interruptions in our service may cause our users, Affiliates and other advertising platform participants to become dissatisfied with our service and move to competing providers or seek remedial
actions or compensation. Further, to the extent that demands for our services increase, we will need to expand our infrastructure, including the capacity of our hardware servers and the sophistication of our software. This expansion is likely to be
expensive and complex and require additional 

23 

Table of Contents

technical expertise. As we acquire users who rely upon us for a wide variety of services, it becomes more technologically complex and costly to retrieve, store, and integrate data that will
enable us to track each user’s preferences. Any difficulties experienced in adapting our architectures, platforms and infrastructure to accommodate increased traffic, to store user data, and track user preferences, together with the associated
costs and potential loss of traffic, could harm our operating results, cash flows from operations, and financial condition. 

We have
dedicated considerable resources to provide a variety of premium products and services, which might not prove to be successful in generating significant revenue for us. 

We offer fee-based enhancements for many of our free services. The development cycles for these technologies are long and generally require significant investment by us. We have invested and will continue
to invest in premium products and services. Some of these premium products and services might not generate anticipated revenue or might not meet anticipated user adoption rates. We have previously discontinued some non-profitable premium services
and may discontinue others. General economic conditions as well as the rapidly evolving competitive landscape may affect users’ willingness to pay for such premium services. If we cannot generate revenue from our premium services that are
greater than the cost of providing such services, our operating results could be harmed. 

We rely on third parties to provide the
technologies necessary to deliver content, advertising, and services to our users, and any change in the licensing terms, costs, availability, or acceptance of these formats and technologies could adversely affect our business. 

We rely on third parties to provide the technology to deliver content, advertising, and services to our users. There can be no assurance that these
providers will continue to license their technologies to us on reasonable terms, or at all. Providers of those technologies may change the fees they charge users or otherwise change their business model in a manner that slows the widespread
acceptance of their technologies. In order for our services to be successful, there must be a large base of users of the technologies necessary to deliver our content, advertising, and services. We have limited or no control over the availability or
acceptance of those technologies, and any change in the licensing terms, costs, availability, or user acceptance of these technologies could adversely affect our business. 

If we are unable to attract, sustain, and renew distribution arrangements on favorable terms, our revenue may decline. 

We enter into distribution arrangements with third parties such as operators of third-party Websites, online networks, software companies, electronics companies, computer manufacturers, and others to
promote or supply our services to their users. For example: 

•

 We maintain search and display advertising relationships with Affiliate sites, which integrate our advertising offerings into their Websites.

•

 We enter into distribution alliances with Internet service providers (including providers of cable and broadband Internet access) and software
distributors to promote our services to their users. 

•

 We enter into agreements with mobile, tablet, netbook, television, and other device manufacturers, electronics companies and carriers to promote our
software and services on their devices. 

In some markets, we depend on a limited number of distribution arrangements for a
significant percentage of our user activity. A failure by our distributors to attract or retain their user bases would negatively impact our user activity and, in turn, would reduce our revenue. In some cases, device manufacturers may be unwilling
to pay Yahoo! fees in order to distribute Yahoo! services. 

24 

Table of Contents

Distribution agreements often involve revenue sharing. Over time competition to enter into distribution
arrangements may cause our traffic acquisition costs to increase. In some cases, we guarantee distributors a minimum level of revenue and, as a result, run a risk that the distributors’ performance (in terms of ad impressions, toolbar
installations, etc.) might not be sufficient to otherwise earn their minimum payments. In other cases, we agree that if the distributor does not realize specified minimum revenue we will adjust the distributor’s revenue-share percentage or
provide make-whole arrangements. 

Some of our distribution agreements are not exclusive, have a short term, are terminable at will, or are
subject to early termination provisions. The loss of distributors, increased distribution costs, or the renewal of distribution agreements on significantly less favorable terms may cause our revenue to decline. 

More individuals are utilizing devices other than a PC to access the Internet, and versions of our services developed for these devices might not
gain widespread adoption by the devices’ users, manufacturers, or distributors or might fail to function as intended on some devices. 

The number of individuals who access the Internet through devices other than a PC, such as mobile telephones, personal digital assistants, handheld computers, tablets, netbooks, televisions, and set-top
box devices has increased dramatically, and the trend is likely to continue. Our services were originally designed for rich, graphical environments such as those available on PCs. The different hardware and software, memory, operating systems,
resolution, and other functionality associated with alternative devices currently available may make our PC services unusable or difficult to use on such devices. Similarly, the licenses we have negotiated to present third-party content to PC users
may not extend to users of alternative devices. In those cases, we may need to enter into new or amended agreements with the content providers in order to present a similar user-experience on the new devices. The content providers may not be willing
to enter into such new or amended agreements on reasonable terms or at all. 

We offer versions of many of our popular services (such as
sports, finance, and news) designed to be accessed on a number of models of alternative devices. We also offer versions of some of our services (such as instant messaging) designed for specific popular devices. As new devices are introduced, it is
difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in developing versions of our services for use on those devices, and we may need to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of such versions or risk loss of market
share. If we are unable to successfully innovate new forms of Internet advertising for alternative devices, to attract and retain a substantial number of alternative device manufacturers, distributors, content providers, and users to our services,
or to capture a sufficient share of an increasingly important portion of the market for these services, we may be unsuccessful in attracting both advertisers and premium service subscribers to these services. 

To the extent that an access provider or device manufacturer enters into a distribution arrangement with one of our competitors, or as our competitors
design, develop, or acquire control of alternative connected devices or their operating systems, we face an increased risk that our users will favor the services or properties of that competitor. The manufacturer or access provider might promote a
competitor’s services or might impair users’ access to our services by blocking access through their devices or by not making our services available in a readily-discoverable manner on their devices. If competitive distributors impair
access to our services, or if they simply are more successful than our distributors in developing compelling products that attract and retain users or advertisers, then our revenue could decline. 

In the future, as new methods for accessing the Internet and our services become available, including through alternative devices, we may need to enter
into amended distribution agreements with existing access providers, distributors, and manufacturers to cover the new devices and new arrangements. We face a risk that existing and potential new access providers, distributors, and manufacturers may
decide not to offer distribution of our services on reasonable terms, or at all. If we fail to obtain distribution or to obtain distribution on terms that are reasonable, we may not be able to fully execute our business plan. 

25 

Table of Contents

Our international operations are subject to additional risks which could harm our business, operating
results, and financial condition. 

In addition to uncertainty about our ability to continue to generate revenue from our foreign
operations and expand our international market position, there are additional risks inherent in doing business internationally (including through our international joint ventures), including: 

•

 trade barriers and changes in trade regulations; 

•

 difficulties in developing, staffing, and simultaneously managing a large number of varying foreign operations as a result of distance, language, and
cultural differences; 

•

 stringent local labor laws and regulations; 

•

 longer payment cycles; 

•

 credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud; 

•

 profit repatriation restrictions and foreign currency exchange restrictions; 

•

 political or social unrest, economic instability, repression, or human rights issues; 

•

 geopolitical events, including acts of war and terrorism; 

•

 import or export regulations; 

•

 compliance with U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws prohibiting bribery and corrupt payments to government officials;

•

 antitrust and competition regulations; 

•

 seasonal volatility in business activity and local economic conditions; 

•

 laws, regulations, licensing requirements, and business practices that favor local competitors or prohibit foreign ownership or investments;

•

 different or more stringent user protection, content, data protection, privacy and other laws; and 

•

 risks related to other government regulation or required compliance with local laws. 

We are subject to numerous and sometimes conflicting U.S. and foreign laws and regulations. Violations of these complex laws and regulations that apply
to our international operations could result in damage awards, fines, criminal actions, sanctions, or penalties against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and damage to our reputation. Although we have
implemented policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies. These risks inherent in our international operations and
expansion increase our costs of doing business internationally and could result in harm to our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

The benefits of the Framework Agreement may not be realized and we are involved in legal proceedings related to Alipay that may result in adverse outcomes. 

On July 29, 2011, we entered into a Framework Agreement with Alibaba Group Limited (“Alibaba Group”), Softbank Corp., a Japanese
corporation, Alipay.com Co., Ltd. (“Alipay”), APN Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands (“IPCo”), Zhejiang Alibaba E-Commerce Co., Ltd., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the
People’s Republic of China (“Holdco”), Jack Ma Yun, Joseph C. Tsai and certain security holders of Alipay or HoldCo as joinder parties. See Note 4—“Investments in Equity Interests” in the Notes to the consolidated
financial statements. Pursuant to the terms of the Framework Agreement, the parties agreed upon the consideration to be received by Alibaba Group for the restructuring of Alipay and the ongoing relationship between Alipay and Alibaba Group and its
subsidiaries. The closing contemplated by the Framework Agreement occurred in December 2011. Alibaba Group may not realize the anticipated benefits of the 

26 

Table of Contents

Framework Agreement due to risks and uncertainties including: the failure of Alipay to generate significant royalty and software technology services fees payable to Alibaba Group; the possibility
that a liquidity event of Alipay does not occur; the failure or inability of IPCo to pay its promissory note in accordance with its terms; and uncertainties concerning the laws and regulations of the People’s Republic of China (the
“PRC”) and the PRC regulatory environment. 

We and certain officers, directors and third parties are party to a number of
stockholder derivative suits and purported stockholder class action suits filed since we filed our Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. See the section captioned
“Contingencies” included in Note 12—“Commitments and Contingencies” in the Notes to the consolidated financial statements. Such claims and proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with
certainty. Regardless of the outcome, such legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. These lawsuits or any future lawsuits may become time consuming and expensive
and may result in adverse outcomes. 

New technologies could block our advertisements, impair our ability to serve interest-based
advertising, or shift the location in which search results appear, which could harm our operating results. 

Technologies have been
developed and are likely to continue to be developed that can block display, search, and interest-based advertising, or shift the location in which search results appear on pages so that our advertisements do not appear in the most monetizable
places on our pages or are obscured. Most of our revenue is derived from fees paid by advertisers in connection with the display of graphical advertisements or clicks on search advertisements on Web pages. As a result, such technologies and tools
could reduce the number of display and search advertisements that we are able to deliver or our ability to serve our interest-based advertising and this, in turn, could reduce our advertising revenue and operating results. 

Proprietary document formats may limit the effectiveness of our search technology by preventing our technology from accessing the content of
documents in such formats, which could limit the effectiveness of our products and services. 

A large amount of information on the
Internet is provided in proprietary document formats. These proprietary document formats may limit the effectiveness of search technology by preventing the technology from accessing the content of such documents. The providers of the software
applications used to create these documents could engineer the document format to prevent or interfere with the process of indexing the document contents with search technology. This would mean that the document contents would not be included in
search results even if the contents were directly relevant to a search. The software providers may also seek to require us to pay them royalties in exchange for giving us the ability to search documents in their format. If the search platform
technology we employ is unable to index proprietary format Web documents as effectively as our competitors’ technology, usage of our search services might decline, which could cause our revenue to fall. 

Interruptions, delays, or failures in the provision of our services could harm our operating results. 

Delays or disruptions to our service, or the loss or compromise of data, could result from a variety of causes, including the following: 

•

 Our operations are susceptible to outages and interruptions due to fire, flood, earthquake, tsunami, other natural disasters, power loss, equipment or
telecommunications failures, cyber attacks, terrorist attacks, political or social unrest, and other events over which we have little or no control. 

•

 The systems through which we provide our products and services are highly technical, complex, and interdependent. Design errors might exist in these
systems, or might be introduced as we roll out improvements and upgrades, which might cause service malfunctions or require services to be taken offline while corrective responses are developed. 

27 

Table of Contents

•

 Despite our implementation of network security measures, our servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, worms, hacking, physical and electronic
break-ins, router disruption, sabotage or espionage, and other disruptions from unauthorized access and tampering, as well as coordinated denial-of-service attacks. We may not be in a position to promptly address attacks or to implement adequate
preventative measures if we are unable to immediately detect such attacks. Such events could result in large expenditures to investigate or remediate, to recover data, to repair or replace networks or information systems, including changes to
security measures, to deploy additional personnel, to defend litigation or to protect against similar future events, and may cause damage to our reputation or loss of revenue. We distribute servers among data centers around the world to create
redundancies; however, we do not have multiple site capacity for all of our services and some of our systems are not fully redundant in the event of delays or disruptions to service. As not all of our systems are fully redundant, some data or
systems may not be fully recoverable after such events. 

•

 We rely on third-party providers for our principal Internet connections and co-location of a significant portion of our data servers, as well as for
our payment processing capabilities and key components or features of our search, e-mail and VOIP services, news, stock quote and other content delivery, chat services, mapping, streaming, geo-targeting, music, games, and other services. We have
little or no control over these third-party providers. Any disruption of the services they provide us or any failure of these third-party providers to handle higher volumes of use could, in turn, cause delays or disruptions in our services and loss
of revenue. In addition, if our agreements with these third-party providers are terminated for any reason, we might not have a readily available alternative. 

Prolonged delays or disruptions to our service could result in a loss of users, damage to our brands, legal costs or liability, and harm to our operating results. 

If we or our third-party service provider fail to prevent click fraud or choose to manage traffic quality in a way that advertisers find
unsatisfactory, our profitability may decline. 

A portion of our display and search revenue comes from advertisers that pay for
advertising on a price-per-click basis, meaning that the advertisers pay a fee every time a user clicks on their advertising. This pricing model can be vulnerable to so-called “click fraud,” which occurs when clicks are submitted on ads by
a user who is motivated by reasons other than genuine interest in the subject of the ad. On Yahoo! Properties and Affiliate sites, we or our third-party service provider may be exposed to the risk of click fraud or other clicks or conversions that
advertisers may perceive as undesirable. If fraudulent or other malicious activity is perpetrated by others and we or our third-party service provider are unable to detect and prevent it, or choose to manage traffic quality in a way that advertisers
find unsatisfactory, the affected advertisers may experience or perceive a reduced return on their investment in our advertising programs which could lead the advertisers to become dissatisfied with our advertising programs and they might refuse to
pay, demand refunds, or withdraw future business. Undetected click fraud could damage our brands and lead to a loss of advertisers and revenue. Moreover, advertiser dissatisfaction has led to litigation alleging click fraud and other types of
traffic quality-related claims and could potentially lead to further litigation against us or our third-party provider or government regulation of advertising. Advertisers may also be issued refunds or credits as a result of such activity. Any
increase in costs due to any such litigation, government regulation or legislation, or refunds or credits could negatively impact our profitability. 

We are involved in legal proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes. 

We are
regularly involved in claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings arising from the ordinary course of our business, including actions with respect to intellectual property claims, privacy, data protection or law enforcement matters,
tax matters, labor and employment claims, commercial claims, as well as actions involving content generated by our users, stockholder derivative actions, purported class action lawsuits, and other matters. Such claims, suits, government
investigations, and proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, such legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management and
other personnel, and other factors. In addition, 

28 

Table of Contents

it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in liability, penalties, or sanctions, as well as judgments, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering
certain features, functionalities, products, or services, or requiring a change in our business practices, products or technologies, which could in the future materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.
See Note 12—“Commitments and Contingencies” in the Notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates affect our operating results in U.S. dollar terms. 

A portion of our revenue comes from international
operations. Revenue generated and expenses incurred by our international subsidiaries and equity method investees are often denominated in the currencies of the local countries. As a result, our consolidated U.S. dollar financial statements are
subject to fluctuations due to changes in exchange rates as the financial results of our international subsidiaries and equity method investees are translated from local currencies into U.S. dollars. In addition, our financial results are subject to
changes in exchange rates that impact the settlement of transactions in non-local currencies. 

We use derivative instruments, such as foreign
currency forward contracts, to partially offset certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such instruments may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in
foreign currency exchange rates over the limited time the instruments are in place. 

We may be required to record a significant charge
to earnings if our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets, investments in equity interests, including investments held by our equity method investees, or other investments become impaired. 

We are required under generally accepted accounting principles to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and to review our amortizable intangible
assets and investments in equity interests, including investments held by our equity method investees, for impairment when events or changes in circumstance indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that could lead to impairment of
goodwill and amortizable intangible assets include significant adverse changes in the business climate (affecting our company as a whole or affecting any particular segment) and declines in the financial condition of our business. Factors that could
lead to impairment of investments in equity interests include a prolonged period of decline in the stock price or operating performance of, or an announcement of adverse changes or events by, the companies in which we invested or the investments
held by those companies. Factors that could lead to an impairment of U.S. government securities, which constitute a significant portion of our assets, include any downgrade of U.S. government debt or concern about the creditworthiness of the U.S.
government. We have recorded and may be required in the future to record additional charges to earnings if our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets, investments in equity interests, including investments held by our equity investees, or other
investments become impaired. Any such charge would adversely impact our financial results. 

We may have exposure to additional tax
liabilities which could negatively impact our income tax provision, net income, and cash flow. 

We are subject to income taxes and
other taxes in both the U.S. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we currently operate or have historically operated. The determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and current and deferred tax assets and liabilities requires
judgment and estimation. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We earn a significant amount of our operating income from outside the U.S., and any
repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates for us. In the past there have been proposals to change U.S. tax laws that could significantly impact how U.S. multinational corporations are
taxed on foreign earnings. We cannot predict the form or timing of potential legislative changes, but any newly enacted tax law could have a material adverse impact on our tax expense and cash flow. We are subject to regular review and audit by both
domestic and foreign tax authorities as well as subject to the prospective and retrospective effects 

29 

Table of Contents

of changing tax regulations and legislation. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may materially differ from the tax amounts recorded in our consolidated
financial statements and may materially affect our income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period or periods for which such determination and settlement is made. 

Our stock price has been volatile historically and may continue to be volatile regardless of our operating performance. 

The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be subject to broad fluctuations. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the closing sale price of our common stock on the NASDAQ
Global Select Market ranged from $11.09 to $18.65 per share and the closing sale price on February 17, 2012 was $15.01 per share. Our stock price may fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, such as variations in quarterly
operating results, announcements and implementations of technological innovations or new services by us or our competitors; changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; the operating and stock price performance of, or
other developments involving, other companies that investors may deem comparable to us; the current and anticipated future operating performance of companies in which we have an equity investment, including Yahoo Japan Corporation (“Yahoo
Japan”) and Alibaba Group; and news reports or rumors relating to us, companies in which we have an equity investment, trends in our markets, or general economic conditions. 

In addition, the stock market in general, and the market prices for Internet-related companies in particular, have experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of such
companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our stock, regardless of our operating performance. Volatility or a lack of positive performance in our stock price may adversely affect our ability to retain
key employees, all of whom have been granted stock options or other stock-based awards. A sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization could lead to an impairment charge to our long-lived assets. 

Delaware statutes and certain provisions in our charter documents could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us. 

Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 10 million shares of Preferred Stock and to determine the price, rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of those shares without any further vote or action by the stockholders. The rights of the holders of our common stock may be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the
holders of any Preferred Stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of Preferred Stock may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of Yahoo! without further action by the stockholders and may adversely
affect the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. 

Some provisions of our charter documents, including provisions
eliminating the ability of stockholders to take action by written consent and limiting the ability of stockholders to raise matters at a meeting of stockholders without giving advance notice, may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in
control or changes in our management, which could have an adverse effect on the market price of our stock. In addition, our charter documents do not permit cumulative voting, which may make it more difficult for a third-party to gain control of our
Board of Directors. Further, we are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which will prohibit us from engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested
stockholder” for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, even if such combination is favored by a majority of stockholders, unless the business combination is approved in a
prescribed manner. The application of Section 203 also could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of us. 

30 

Table of Contents