We face significant
competition from large-scale Internet content, product and service aggregators,
principally Time Warner’s AOL, Google and Microsoft.

We face significant
competition from companies, principally AOL, Google, and Microsoft, that have
aggregated a variety of Internet products, services and content in a manner
similar to Yahoo!.  AOL has access to
content from Time Warner’s movie, television, music, book, periodical, news,
sports and other media holdings; access to a network of cable and other
broadband users and delivery technologies; and considerable resources for
future growth and expansion.  Google, in
addition to an Internet search service, offers many other services that
directly compete with our services, including a consumer e-mail service,
desktop search, local search, instant messaging, photos, maps, shopping
services and advertising solutions.  Microsoft
has introduced its own Internet search service and has announced plans to
develop both paid search and features that may make Internet searching
capabilities a more integrated part of its Windows operating system.  We expect these competitors increasingly to
use their financial and engineering resources to compete with us, individually,
and potentially in combination with each other. 
In certain of these cases, most notably AOL, our competition has a
direct billing relationship with a greater number of their users through
Internet access and other services than we have with our users through our
premium services.  This relationship may
permit these competitors to be more effective than us in targeting services and
advertisements to the specific preferences of their users thereby giving them a
competitive advantage.  If our
competitors are more successful than we are in developing compelling products
or attracting and retaining users or advertisers, then our revenues and growth
rates could decline.

We also face
competition from other Internet service companies, including Internet access
providers, device manufacturers offering online services and destination
websites.

Our users must access our services through Internet
access providers, including wireless providers and providers of cable and
broadband Internet access.  To the extent
that an access provider or device manufacturer offers online services
competitive with those of Yahoo!, the user may elect to use the services or