We face significant competition for users, advertisers, publishers, developers, and distributors.

We face significant competition from online search engines, sites offering integrated internet products and services, social media
and networking sites, e-commerce sites, and broadcast and print media. In a number of international markets, especially those in Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Latin America, we face substantial competition from local Internet service providers
and other entities that offer search, communications, and other commercial services. 

13 

Table of Contents

Several of our competitors offer an integrated variety of Internet products, advertising services,
technologies, online services and content in a manner similar to Yahoo. We compete against these and other companies to attract and retain users, advertisers, developers, and third-party Website publishers as participants in our Affiliate network,
and to obtain agreements with third parties to promote or distribute our services. We also compete with social media and networking sites which are increasingly used to communicate and share information, and which are attracting a substantial and
increasing share of users, users’ online time, and online advertising dollars. 
A key element of our strategy is focusing on mobile products and
mobile advertising formats, as well as increasing our revenue from mobile. A number of our competitors have devoted significant resources to the development of products, services and apps for mobile devices. Several of our competitors have
mobile revenue significantly greater than ours. If we are unable to develop products for mobile devices that users find engaging and that help us grow our mobile revenue, our competitive position, our financial condition and operating results
could be harmed. 
In addition, a number of competitors offer products, services and apps that directly compete for users with our offerings,
including e-mail, search, video, social, sports, news, finance, micro-blogging, and messaging. Similarly, our competitors or other participants in the online advertising marketplace offer advertising exchanges, ad networks, demand side platforms, ad
serving technologies, sponsored search offerings, and other services that directly compete for advertisers with our offerings. Additionally, as the use of programmatic advertising continues to increase, we compete with companies that have also
invested in programmatic platform offerings. We also compete with traditional print and broadcast media companies to attract domestic and international advertising spending. Some of our existing competitors and possible entrants have greater brand
recognition for certain products, services and apps, more expertise in particular market segments, and greater operational, strategic, technological, financial, personnel, or other resources than we do. Many of our competitors have access to
considerable financial and technical resources with which to compete aggressively, including by funding future growth and expansion and investing in acquisitions, technologies, and research and development. Further, emerging start-ups may be able to
innovate and provide new products, services and apps faster than we can. In addition, competitors may consolidate or collaborate with each other, and new competitors may enter the market. Some of our competitors in international markets have a
substantial competitive advantage over us because they have dominant market share in their territories, have greater local brand recognition, are focused on a single market, are more familiar with local tastes and preferences, or have greater
regulatory and operational flexibility due to the fact that we may be subject to both U.S. and foreign regulatory requirements. 
If our competitors
are more successful than we are in developing and deploying compelling products or in attracting and retaining users, advertisers, publishers, developers, or distributors, our revenue and growth rates could decline. 

We generate the majority of our revenue from search and display advertising, and the reduction in spending by or loss
of current or potential advertisers would cause our revenue and operating results to decline. 

For the twelve months ended
December 31, 2014, 79 percent of our total revenue came from search and display advertising. Our ability to retain and grow search and display revenue depends upon: 

•

 maintaining and growing our user base and popularity as an Internet destination site; 

•

 maintaining the popularity of our existing products, introducing engaging new products and making our new and existing products popular and distributable on
mobile and other alternative devices and platforms; 

14 

Table of Contents

•

 maintaining and expanding our advertiser base on PCs and mobile devices; 

•

 achieving a better traffic mix from our Yahoo Properties and Affiliates and improving our monetization rates on such traffic; 

•

 broadening our relationships with advertisers to small- and medium-sized businesses; 

•

 successfully implementing changes and improvements to our advertising management platforms and formats and obtaining the acceptance of our advertising
management platforms by advertisers, Website publishers, and online advertising networks; 

•

 successfully acquiring, investing in, and implementing new technologies and strategic partnerships; 

•

 successfully implementing changes in our sales force, sales development teams, and sales strategy; 

•

 continuing to innovate and improve the monetization capabilities of our display and native advertising and our mobile products; 

•

 effectively monetizing mobile and other search queries; 

•

 continuing to innovate and improve users’ search experiences; 

•

 maintaining and expanding our Affiliate program for search and display advertising services; and 

•

 deriving better demographic and other information about our users to enable us to offer better experiences to both our users and advertisers.

In most cases, our agreements with advertisers have a term of one year or less, and may be terminated at any time by the
advertiser or by us. Search marketing agreements often have payments dependent upon usage or click-through levels. Accordingly, it is difficult to forecast search and display revenue accurately. In addition, our expense levels are based in part on
expectations of future revenue, including any guaranteed minimum payments to our Affiliates in connection with search and/or display advertising, and in some cases, the expenses could exceed the revenue that we generate. The state of the global
economy, growth rate of the online advertising market, and availability of capital impacts the advertising spending patterns of our existing and potential advertisers. Any reduction in spending by, or loss of, existing or potential advertisers would
negatively impact our revenue and operating results. Further, we may be unable to adjust our expenses and capital expenditures quickly enough to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. 

As more people access our products via mobile devices rather than PCs and mobile advertising continues to evolve, if
we do not continue to grow our mobile users and revenue, our financial results will be adversely impacted. 

The number of people who
access the Internet through mobile devices rather than a PC, including mobile telephones, smartphones and tablets, is increasing and will likely continue to increase dramatically. Over 575 million (including Tumblr) of our monthly users are now
joining us on mobile devices. In addition, search queries are increasingly being undertaken through mobile devices. As a result, our ability to grow advertising revenue is increasingly dependent on our ability to generate revenue from ads displayed
on mobile devices. 
A key element of our strategy is focusing on mobile devices and we expect to continue to devote significant resources to the
creation and support of developing new and innovative mobile products, services and apps. However, if our new mobile products, services and apps, including new forms of Internet advertising for mobile devices, do not continue to attract and retain
mobile users, advertisers 

15 

Table of Contents

and device manufacturers and to generate and grow mobile revenue, our operating and financial results will be adversely impacted. We are dependent on the interoperability of our products and
services with mobile operating systems we do not control and we may not be successful in maintaining relationships with the key participants in the mobile industry that control such mobile operating systems. The manufacturer or access provider might
promote a competitor’s or its own products and services, impair users’ access to our services by blocking access through their devices, make it hard for users to readily discover, install, update or access our products on their devices, or
charge us for delivery of ads, or limit our ability to deliver ads or measure their effectiveness. If distributors impair access to or refuse to distribute our services or apps, or charge for or limit our ability to deliver ads or measure the
effectiveness of our ads, then our user engagement and revenue could decline. 

If we do not manage our operating
expenses effectively, our profitability could decline. 

We plan to continue to manage costs to better and more efficiently manage our
business. However, our operating expenses might increase as we expand our operations in areas of desired growth, continue to develop and extend the Yahoo brand, fund product development, expand data centers, acquire additional office space, and
acquire and integrate complementary businesses and technologies. If our expenses increase at a greater pace than our revenue, or if we fail to effectively manage costs, our profitability will decline. 

If we are unable to provide innovative search experiences and other products and services that generate significant
traffic to our Websites, our business could be harmed, causing our revenue to decline. 

Internet search is characterized by rapidly
changing technology, significant competition, evolving industry standards, and frequent product and service enhancements. Even though we have substantially completed the transition of paid search to Microsoft’s platform, we still need to
continue to invest and innovate to improve our users’ search experience to continue to attract, retain, and expand our user base and paid search advertiser base. We also need to continue to invest in and innovate on the mobile search
experience. Pursuant to the Search Agreement with Microsoft, we are also dependent on Microsoft to continue to invest and innovate to maintain and improve its algorithmic and paid search services. 

We generate revenue through other online products, services and apps, and continue to innovate the products, services and apps that we offer. The
research and development of new, technologically advanced products is a complex process that requires significant levels of innovation and investment, as well as accurate anticipation of technology, market and consumer trends. If we are unable to
provide innovative products and services which gain user acceptance and generate significant traffic to our Websites, or if we are unable to effectively monetize the traffic from new products and services, our business could be harmed, causing our
revenue to decline. 

Risks associated with our Search Agreement with Microsoft may adversely affect our business
and operating results. 

Under our Search Agreement with Microsoft, Microsoft is the exclusive algorithmic and paid search services
provider on Yahoo Properties on PCs and non-exclusive provider of such services on Affiliate sites and for mobile devices for the transitioned markets. Approximately 35 percent, 31 percent, and 25 percent of our revenue for 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively, were attributable to the Search Agreement. Our business and operating results would be adversely affected by a significant decline in or loss of this revenue. 

16 

Table of Contents

Implementation of our Search Agreement with Microsoft commenced on February 23, 2010. We have completed the
transition of our algorithmic search platform to Microsoft’s platform and have substantially completed transition of paid search. Pursuant to the Search Agreement with Microsoft, to maintain and grow search revenue, we are dependent on
Microsoft continuing to invest and innovate to maintain and improve its algorithmic and paid search services and to be competitive with other search providers. If Microsoft fails to do this, our revenue and profitability could decline and our
ability to maintain and expand our relationships with Affiliates for search and paid search advertising could be negatively impacted. Further, our competitors may continue to increase revenue, profitability, and market share at a higher rate than we
do. 
In addition to other termination rights, as of February 23, 2015 (the fifth anniversary of the commencement date of the Search Agreement),
for a period of 30 days following such date, the Company has the right to terminate the Search Agreement if the trailing 12-month average of the Company’s revenue per search in the United States (the “U.S. RPS”) on Yahoo