and elsewhere in this report. There may be other factors of which we are not currently aware that may affect matters discussed in the forward-looking statements and may also cause actual results to differ materially from
those discussed. We do not assume any obligation to publicly update or supplement any forward-looking statement to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting such statements other than as required by law.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or as of the dates indicated in the statements. 

4 

Table of Contents

PART I 

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

Overview 

American Airlines Group Inc. (AAG), a Delaware corporation, is a holding company and its principal, wholly-owned
subsidiaries are American Airlines, Inc. (American), Envoy Aviation Group Inc. (Envoy), Piedmont Airlines, Inc. (Piedmont), and PSA Airlines, Inc. (PSA). AAG was formed in 1982 under the name AMR Corporation (AMR) as the parent company of American,
which was founded in 1934. On December 9, 2013, a subsidiary of AMR merged with and into US Airways Group, Inc. (US Airways Group), a Delaware corporation, which survived as a wholly-owned subsidiary of AAG, and AAG emerged from Chapter 11.
Upon closing of the Merger and emergence from Chapter 11, AMR changed its name to American Airlines Group Inc. On December 30, 2015, in order to simplify AAG’s internal corporate structure and as part of the integration efforts following
the business combination of AAG and US Airways Group, AAG caused US Airways Group to be merged with and into AAG, with AAG as the surviving corporation, and, immediately thereafter, US Airways, Inc. (US Airways), a Delaware corporation and
wholly-owned subsidiary of US Airways Group, merged with and into American, with American as the surviving corporation. As a result of the merger of US Airways and American, US Airways transferred all of its assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet
commitments to American. For financial reporting purposes, this transaction constituted a transfer of assets between entities under common control and was accounted for at historical cost. Certain employees of American continue to work under the
terms of separate collective bargaining agreements that were applicable to them as employees of US Airways. Virtually all of AAG’s operations fall within the airline industry. 

AAG’s and American’s principal executive offices are located at 4333 Amon Carter Boulevard, Fort Worth, Texas
76155. AAG’s and American’s telephone number is 817-963-1234, and their Internet address is www.aa.com. Information contained on AAG’s and American’s website is not and should not be deemed a part of this report or any
other report or filing filed with or furnished to the SEC. 

Airline Operations 

As noted above, AAG is a holding company whose primary business activity is the operation of a major network carrier
through its principal wholly-owned mainline operating subsidiary, American. 

Together with our wholly-owned
regional airline subsidiaries and third-party regional carriers operating as American Eagle, our airline operates an average of nearly 6,700 flights per day to nearly 350 destinations in more than 50 countries from our hubs in Charlotte, Chicago,
Dallas/Fort Worth (DFW), Los Angeles (LAX), Miami, New York, Philadelphia, Phoenix and Washington, D.C. In 2015, approximately 201 million passengers boarded our mainline and regional flights. As of December 31, 2015, we operated 946
mainline aircraft and are supported by our regional airline subsidiaries and third-party regional carriers, which operated an additional 587 regional aircraft. 

American is a founding member of the oneworld alliance, whose members and members-elect serve nearly 1,000 destinations with 14,250 daily flights to 150 countries. 

Our cargo division provides a wide range of freight and mail services, with facilities and interline connections
available across the globe. 

See Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations – “American Airlines Group – Year in Review,” “AAG’s Results of Operations” and 
“American’s Results of Operations” for further discussion of
AAG’s and American’s operating results and operating performance. Also, see Note 17 to AAG’s Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8A and Note 15 to American’s

5 

Table of Contents

Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8B for information regarding our operating segments and operating revenue in principal geographic areas. 

Regional Operations 

Our wholly-owned regional carriers, Envoy, Piedmont and PSA, as well as certain third-party regional carriers have arrangements with us to provide regional feed under the trade name “American
Eagle.” American Eagle carriers are an integral component of our operating network. We rely heavily on feeder traffic from these regional carriers, which carry passengers to our hubs from low-density markets that are uneconomical for us to
serve with large jets. In addition, regional carriers offer complementary service in our existing mainline markets by operating flights during off-peak periods between mainline flights. During 2015, approximately 54 million passengers boarded
our regional carriers’ planes, approximately 47% of whom connected to or from our mainline flights. Of these passengers, approximately 24 million were enplaned by our wholly-owned regional carriers and approximately 30 million were
enplaned by third-party regional carriers operating under capacity purchase agreements. 

The American Eagle
arrangements are principally in the form of capacity purchase agreements. The capacity purchase agreements provide that all revenues, including passenger, mail and freight revenues, go to us. In return, we agree to pay predetermined fees to these
airlines for operating an agreed-upon number of aircraft, without regard to the number of passengers on board. In addition, these agreements provide that we will reimburse 100% of certain variable costs, such as airport landing fees and passenger
liability insurance. We control marketing, scheduling, ticketing, pricing and seat inventories. A very small number of regional aircraft are operated for us under prorate agreements, under which the regional carriers receive a prorated share of
ticket revenue and pay certain service fees to us. The prorate carriers are responsible for all costs incurred operating the applicable aircraft. All American Eagle carriers have logos, service marks, aircraft paint schemes and uniforms similar to
our mainline operations. 

Chapter 11 Reorganization 

On November 29, 2011 (the Petition Date), AMR Corporation, its principal subsidiary, American, and certain of
AMR’s other direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries (collectively, the Debtors), filed voluntary petitions for relief (the Chapter 11 Cases) under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the Bankruptcy Code) in the United States
Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the Bankruptcy Court). On October 21, 2013, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order (the Confirmation Order) approving and confirming the Debtors’ fourth amended joint plan of
reorganization (as amended, the Plan). 

On December 9, 2013 (the Effective Date), the Debtors consummated
their reorganization pursuant to the Plan, principally through the transactions contemplated by an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended, the Merger Agreement), dated as of February 13, 2013, by and among AMR, AMR Merger Sub, Inc. (Merger
Sub) and US Airways Group, pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into US Airways Group (the Merger), with US Airways Group surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of AMR following the Merger. 

In connection with the Chapter 11 Cases, trading in AMR’s common stock and certain debt securities on the New York
Stock Exchange (NYSE) was suspended on January 5, 2012, and AMR’s common stock and such debt securities were delisted from the NYSE on January 30, 2012. On January 5, 2012, AMR’s common stock began trading under the symbol
“AAMRQ” (CUSIP 001765106) on the OTCQB marketplace. Pursuant to the Plan, on the Effective Date (i) all existing shares of AAG’s old common stock formerly traded under the symbol “AAMRQ” were canceled and (ii) the
Company was authorized to issue up to approximately 544 million shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of AAG (AAG Common Stock) by operation of the Plan (excluding shares of AAG Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Merger
Agreement). On the Effective Date, the AAG Common Stock was listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “AAL,” and AAMRQ ceased trading on the OTCQB marketplace. 

6 

Table of Contents

Upon emergence from Chapter 11, AAG issued approximately 53 million
shares of AAG Common Stock to AMR’s old equity holders and certain of the Debtors’ employees, and issued 168 million shares of AAG Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the AAG Series A Preferred Stock),
which was mandatorily convertible into new AAG Common Stock during the 120-day period after the Effective Date, to certain creditors and employees of the Debtors (including shares deposited in the Disputed Claims Reserve (as defined in the Plan)).
In accordance with the terms of the Plan, former holders of AMR common stock (previously traded under the symbol “AAMRQ”) received, for each share of AMR common stock, an initial distribution of approximately 0.0665 shares of the AAG
Common Stock as of the Effective Date. Following the Effective Date, former holders of AMR common stock and those deemed to be treated as such in connection with the elections made pursuant to the Plan have received through December 31, 2015,
additional aggregate distributions of shares of AAG Common Stock of approximately 0.6776 shares of AAG Common Stock for each share of AMR common stock previously held, and may continue to receive additional distributions. As of the Effective Date,
the adjusted total Double-Dip General Unsecured Claims (as defined in the Plan) were approximately $2.5 billion and the Allowed Single-Dip General Unsecured Claims (as defined in the Plan) were approximately $2.5 billion. The Disputed Claims Reserve
established under the Plan was initially issued 30.4 million shares, which shares are reserved for distributions to holders of disputed Single-Dip Unsecured Claims (Single-Dip Equity Obligations) whose claims ultimately become allowed as well
as to certain AMR labor groups and employees who received a deemed claim amount based upon a fixed percentage of the distributions to be made to general unsecured claimholders. As of December 31, 2015, the Disputed Claims Reserve held
25.3 million shares of AAG Common Stock pending distribution of those shares in accordance with the Plan. 

See Part II, Item 5. Market for American Airlines Group’s Common Stock, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities, Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Note 2 and Note 4 to AAG’s Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8A and Note 2
and Note 4 to American’s Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8B for further information regarding the Chapter 11 Cases, the Merger and the Disputed Claims Reserve. 

Merger 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement and consistent
with the Plan, each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of US Airways Group (the US Airways Group Common Stock) was converted into the right to receive one share of AAG Common Stock. The aggregate number of shares of AAG Common Stock
issuable in the Merger to holders of US Airways Group equity instruments (including stockholders, holders of convertible notes, optionees, and holders of restricted stock units (RSUs)) represented 28% of the diluted equity ownership of AAG. The
remaining 72% diluted equity ownership in AAG (up to approximately 544 million shares) was or is distributable, pursuant to the Plan (see “Chapter 11 Reorganization” above), to stakeholders, labor unions, certain employees of
AMR and the other Debtors, and former holders of AMR common stock (previously traded under the symbol “AAMRQ”) such that the aggregate number of shares of AAG Common Stock issuable under the Plan will not exceed 72% of the diluted equity
ownership of AAG as of the time of the Merger. 

In connection with the completion of the Merger, the NYSE
suspended trading in the US Airways Group Common Stock prior to the opening of the market on December 9, 2013. The US Airways Group Common Stock was delisted from the NYSE and registration of the US Airways Group Common Stock under
Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act was terminated. 

See Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – “American Airlines Group – Year in Review,” Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations –
“
AAG’s Results of Operations,” Note 2 and Note 4 to AAG’s Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8A and Note 2 and Note 4 to American’s Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8B for
further information regarding the Chapter 11 Cases and the Merger. 

7 

Table of Contents

The U.S. Airline Industry 

In 2015, the U.S. airline industry benefited significantly from lower fuel prices. However, this benefit was offset in
part by a decline in revenues driven by reduced yields. 

Jet fuel prices closely follow the price of Brent
crude oil. Oil prices declined significantly throughout 2015, and in December, the price of Brent crude oil fell below $40 a barrel for the first time since 2009. On average, the price of Brent crude oil per barrel was approximately 47% lower in
2015 as compared to 2014. The average daily spot price for Brent crude oil during 2015 was $52 per barrel as compared to an average daily spot price of $99 per barrel during 2014. On a daily basis, Brent crude oil prices fluctuated during 2015
between a high of $66 per barrel to a low of $35 per barrel, and closed the year on December 31, 2015 at $37 per barrel. 

With respect to revenue, in its most recent data available through the third quarter of 2015, Airlines for America, the trade association for U.S. airlines, reported U.S. industry passenger revenues and
yields declined as compared to 2014. Additionally, domestic markets outperformed international markets (Atlantic, Pacific and Latin America) in both yield and overall revenue performance. 

While jet fuel prices have declined year-over-year as described above, uncertainty exists regarding the economic
conditions driving these declines. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors – “Downturns in economic conditions adversely affect our business” and 
“Our business is dependent on the price and availability of aircraft fuel.
Continued periods of high volatility in fuel costs, increased fuel prices and significant disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel could have a significant negative impact on our operating results and liquidity.” 

Competition 

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. Price competition occurs on a market-by-market basis through price discounts, changes in pricing structures, fare matching, target promotions and
loyalty program initiatives. On most of our domestic non-stop routes, we currently face competing service from at least one, and sometimes more than one, domestic airline, including: Alaska Airlines, Allegiant Air, Delta Air Lines, Frontier
Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, United Airlines and Virgin America. Competition is even greater between cities that require a connection, where the major airlines compete via their respective hubs.
In addition, we face competition on some of our connecting routes from airlines operating point-to-point service on such routes. We also compete with all-cargo and charter airlines and, particularly on shorter segments, ground and rail
transportation. 

On all of our routes, pricing decisions are affected, in large part, by the need to meet
competition from other airlines. Airlines typically use discount fares and other promotions to stimulate traffic during normally slack travel periods, when they begin service to new cities or when they have excess capacity, to generate cash flow, to
maximize revenue per available seat mile (ASM) and to establish, increase or preserve market share. Discount and promotional fares are generally non-refundable and may be subject to various restrictions such as minimum stay requirements, advance
ticketing, limited seating and change fees. We have often elected to match discount or promotional fares initiated by other air carriers in certain markets in order to compete in those markets. Most airlines will quickly match price reductions in a
particular market. In addition, low-fare, low-cost carriers, such as Southwest Airlines and Jet Blue Airways, and so-called ultra low-cost carriers, such as Allegiant Air, Frontier Airlines and Spirit Airlines, compete in many of the markets in
which we operate and competition from these carriers is increasing. For example, at our DFW hub and in a number of other markets we face more competition (as measured by ASMs) from ultra low-cost carriers than from major network carriers.

In addition to price competition, airlines compete for market share by increasing the size of their route
system and the number of markets they serve. The American Eagle regional carriers increase the number of markets we serve by flying to lower demand markets and providing connections at our hubs. Many of our competitors also own or have agreements
with regional airlines which provide similar services at their hubs and other locations. 

8 

Table of Contents

We also compete on the basis of scheduling (frequency and flight times), availability of nonstop flights, on-time performance, type of equipment, cabin configuration, amenities provided to
passengers, loyalty programs, the automation of travel agent reservation systems, onboard products, markets served and other services. We compete with both major network airlines and low-cost carriers throughout our network. 

In addition to our extensive domestic service, we provide international service to Central and South America, Asia,
Europe and Australia. Revenues from foreign operations (flights serving international destinations) were approximately 30% of our total operating revenues in 2015. In 2015, we expanded our global footprint by adding 38 new routes, including 20
international and 18 domestic. Notable new routes include DFW to Beijing, LAX to Sydney and LAX to Mexico City. In providing international air transportation, we compete with U.S. airlines to provide scheduled passenger and cargo service between the
U.S. and various overseas locations, foreign investor-owned airlines, and foreign state-owned or state-affiliated airlines, including carriers based in the Middle East, the three largest of which we believe benefit from significant government
subsidies. 

Agreements with Other Airlines 

In general, carriers that have the greatest ability to seamlessly connect passengers to and from markets beyond the nonstop city pair have a competitive advantage. In some cases, however, foreign
governments limit U.S. air carriers’ rights to carry passengers beyond designated gateway cities in foreign countries. To improve access to each other’s markets, various U.S. and foreign air carriers, including American, have established
marketing relationships with other airlines and rail companies. American currently has marketing relationships with Air Berlin, Air Tahiti Nui, Alaska Airlines, British Airways, Cape Air, Cathay Pacific, Dragonair, EL AL, Etihad Airways, Fiji
Airways, Finnair, Gulf Air, Hainan Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines, Iberia, Interjet, Japan Airlines, Jet Airways, Jetstar Group (includes Jetstar Airways and Jetstar Japan), Korean Air, LATAM (includes LAN Airlines, LAN Argentina, LAN Colombia, LAN
Ecuador, LAN Peru, TAM Airlines and TAM Mercosur), Malaysia Airlines, Niki Airlines, Qantas Airways, Qatar Airways, Royal Jordanian, S7 Airlines, Seaborne Airlines and WestJet. 

American is also a founding member of the oneworld alliance, which includes Air Berlin, British Airways, Cathay
Pacific Airways, Finnair, Iberia, Japan Airlines, LAN Airlines, Malaysia Airlines, Qantas Airways, Qatar Airways, Royal Jordanian, S7 Airlines, SriLankan Airlines and TAM Airlines. The 
oneworld alliance links the networks of the member
carriers to enhance customer service and smooth connections to the destinations served by the alliance, including linking the carriers’ loyalty programs and access to the carriers’ airport lounge facilities. Together, 
oneworld
members and members-elect serve nearly 1,000 destinations with 14,250 daily flights to 150 countries. 

American is party to antitrust-immunized cooperation agreements with British Airways, Iberia, Finnair, Royal Jordanian,
Japan Airlines, LAN Airlines and LAN Peru. American has also established joint business agreements (JBAs) with British Airways, Iberia and Finnair and separately Japan Airlines that enable the carriers to cooperate on flights between particular
destinations and allow pooling and sharing of certain revenues and costs, enhanced loyalty program reciprocity and cooperation in other areas. American and its joint business partners received regulatory approval to enter into these JBAs. In
addition, American applied for regulatory approval to enter into a JBA with Qantas Airways and has or will be applying for regulatory approval of a JBA with LATAM Airlines Group air carriers in the relevant jurisdictions affected by the JBA.

Industry Regulation and Airport Access 

General 

Our airlines are subject to extensive
domestic and international regulatory requirements. The Airline Deregulation Act of 1978, as amended, eliminated most domestic economic regulation of passenger and freight transportation. However, the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) and the
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) still exercise significant regulatory authority over air carriers. The DOT maintains jurisdiction over the 

9 

Table of Contents

approval of domestic and international codeshare agreements, international route authorities, and consumer protection and competition matters, such as advertising, denied boarding compensation
and baggage liability. 

The FAA regulates significant aspects of our business, primarily in the areas of
flight operations, maintenance, and other operational and safety areas. Pursuant to these regulations, our airline subsidiaries have FAA-approved maintenance programs for each type of aircraft they operate. The programs provide for the ongoing
maintenance of such aircraft, ranging from routine inspections to unscheduled repairs and comprehensive scheduled overhauls. FAA requirements cover, among other things, required technology and necessary onboard equipment, systems, procedures and
training necessary to ensure continuous airworthiness of our fleet of aircraft, safety measures and equipment, advanced navigation and communication gear, advanced collision avoidance and position reporting systems, airborne windshear avoidance
systems, noise abatement standards, other environmental concerns, fuel tank inerting, crew scheduling limitations and experience requirements, and many other technical aspects of airline operations. We are also obligated to comply with various
airworthiness directives, service bulletins and other requirements designed to safely correct known issues with aircraft or major components that are discovered after original type certification or manufacture. Some of these directives require us to
perform significant maintenance and engineering work and to incur substantial additional expenses. Based on the current known requirements and implementation schedules, we expect to remain in full compliance with these ongoing airworthiness
requirements. Our failure to timely comply with these requirements has in the past, and could in the future, result in fines and other enforcement actions by the FAA or other regulators. The FAA also operates the air traffic control (ATC) system in
the United States. 

The FAA imposes stringent and complicated mandatory rest requirements for pilots, which
are in addition to other limitations on allowable pilot duty times. The FAA also recently implemented rules that increase minimum qualifications for pilots to operate commercial aircraft. These requirements and rules have increased our costs and
added complication to our crew scheduling. 

Airlines are obligated to collect a federal excise tax, commonly
referred to as the “ticket tax,” on domestic and international air transportation. Airlines collect the ticket tax, along with certain other U.S. and foreign taxes and user fees on air transportation, and pass along the collected amounts
to the appropriate governmental agencies. Although these taxes are not our operating expenses, they represent an additional cost to our customers. Similarly, the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Animal Plant and Health Inspection Service very
recently increased the fees we must pay for arriving international flights, and for certain other related government services, which will increase our incremental costs of providing cargo services. See “Industry Regulation and Airport Access
– Security,” below for a discussion of passenger fees. 

Most major U.S. airports impose a
passenger facility charge (PFC). The ability of airports to increase this charge (and the ability of airlines to contest such increases) is restricted by federal legislation, DOT regulations and judicial decisions. We and other airlines may be
unable to recover all of these additional charges from passengers through increased fares. The current cap on the PFC is $4.50 per passenger, but the industry has faced repeated efforts in Congress to raise the cap to a higher level. 

DOT consumer rules that took effect in 2010 require procedures for customer handling during long onboard delays,
including additional reporting requirements for airlines, that have increased the cost of airline operations and reduced revenues. The DOT has been aggressively investigating alleged violations of these rules. In addition, the DOT finalized a second
set of rules that further regulate airline interactions with passengers through the reservations process, at the airport and on board the aircraft. These rules require airlines to display all fares in an “all in” basis, with the price of
the air travel and all taxes and government imposed fees rolled into the displayed fare. Enhanced disclosure of ancillary fees such as baggage fees is also required. Other rules apply to post-ticket purchase price increases and an expansion of
tarmac delay regulations to international carriers. A third rulemaking that would further regulate consumer interaction with airlines is pending before the DOT, with a final rule expected in 2016. 

10 

Table of Contents

The DOT has continued its efforts to further regulate airlines through
increased data reporting requirements, expansion of the Air Carrier Access Act and greater oversight of the methods airlines use to describe and sell air transportation and other products and services. Each additional regulation or other form of
regulatory oversight increases costs and adds greater complexity to our operation. In this environment, no assurance can be given that compliance with these new rules, anticipated rules or other forms of regulatory oversight from the Department of
Justice (DOJ), the FAA or other regulatory bodies, will not have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Among its regulatory responsibilities, the DOT also enforces equal access to air transportation for disabled passengers.
Over time, a number of carriers, including American, have entered into consent orders with the DOT over their handling of disabled passengers. The DOT has been aggressive in prosecuting disability violations and seeks large penalties. We expect to
see continued DOT emphasis in this area through both regulation and enforcement. 

The DOT and the Antitrust
Division of the DOJ have jurisdiction over airline antitrust matters. The U.S. Postal Service has jurisdiction over certain aspects of the transportation of mail and related services. Labor relations in the air transportation industry are regulated
under the Railway Labor Act, which vests in the National Mediation Board (NMB) certain functions with respect to disputes between airlines and labor unions relating to union representation and collective bargaining agreements (CBAs). In addition, as
a result of heightened levels of concern regarding data privacy, we are subject to an increasing number of domestic and foreign laws regarding the privacy and security of passenger and employee data. 

International 

International air transportation is subject to extensive government regulation. Our operating authority in international markets is subject to aviation agreements between the U.S. and the respective
countries or governmental authorities, such as the European Union (EU), and in some cases, fares and schedules require the approval of the DOT and/or the relevant foreign governments. Moreover, alliances with international carriers may be subject to
the jurisdiction and regulations of various foreign agencies. Bilateral and multilateral agreements among the U.S. and various foreign governments of countries we serve are periodically subject to renegotiation. Changes in U.S. or foreign government
aviation policies could result in the alteration or termination of such agreements, diminish the value of route authorities, slots or other assets located abroad, or otherwise adversely affect our international operations. The U.S. government has
negotiated “open skies” agreements with many countries, which allow unrestricted route authority access between the U.S. and the foreign markets. While the U.S. has worked to increase the number of countries with which open skies
agreements are in effect, a number of important markets to us do not have open skies agreements, including China, Hong Kong and Mexico. In addition, at some foreign airports, an air carrier needs slots and other facilities before the air carrier can
introduce new service or increase existing service. The availability of slots is not assured, and our inability to obtain and retain needed slots and facilities could therefore inhibit our efforts to compete in certain international markets. See
“Industry Regulation and Airport Access – Airport Access and Operations,” below and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors –
 “If we are unable to obtain and maintain adequate facilities and infrastructure throughout
our system and, at some airports, adequate slots, we may be unable to operate our existing flight schedule and to expand or change our route network in the future, which may have a material adverse impact on our operations” for additional
information. 

Security 

The Aviation and Transportation Security Act (the Aviation Security Act) was enacted in November 2001. Under the Aviation Security Act, substantially all aspects of civil aviation security screening were
federalized and a new Transportation Security Administration (TSA) was created under the DOT. The TSA was then transferred to the Department of Homeland Security pursuant to the Homeland Security Act of 2002. The Aviation Security Act, among other
matters, mandates; improved flight deck security; carriage of federal air marshals at no charge; enhanced security screening of passengers, baggage, cargo, mail, employees and vendors; 

11 

Table of Contents

enhanced security training; fingerprint-based background checks of all employees and vendor employees with access to secure areas of airports pursuant to regulations issued in connection with the
Aviation Security Act; and the provision of certain passenger data to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agency. Funding for the TSA is provided by a combination of air carrier fees, passenger fees and taxpayer monies. To help finance the cost
of aviation security, air carriers are required to collect and remit to the TSA a passenger security fee of $5.60 per one-way trip and not more than $11.20 per round trip on qualifying air transportation sold. 

Implementation of and compliance with the requirements of the Aviation Security Act have resulted and will continue to
result in increased costs for us and our passengers and have resulted and will likely continue to result in service disruptions and delays. As a result of competitive pressure, we and other airlines may be unable to recover all of these additional
security costs from passengers through increased fares. In addition, we cannot forecast what new security and safety requirements may be imposed in the future or the costs or financial impact of complying with any such requirements. 

Airline Fares 

Airlines are permitted to establish their own domestic fares without governmental regulation. The DOT maintains authority over certain international fares, rates and charges, but applies this authority on
a limited basis. In addition, international fares and rates are sometimes subject to the jurisdiction of the governments of the foreign countries which we serve. While air carriers are required to file and adhere to international fare and rate
tariffs, substantial commissions, fare overrides and discounts to travel agents, brokers and wholesalers characterize many international markets. 

Airport Access and Operations 

Domestically, any
U.S. airline authorized by the DOT is generally free to operate scheduled passenger service between any two points within the U.S. and its territories, with the exception of certain airports that require landing and take off rights and
authorizations (slots) and other facilities, and certain airports that impose geographic limitations on operations or curtail operations based on the time of day. Operations at four major domestic airports and certain foreign airports we serve are
regulated by governmental entities through allocations of slots or similar regulatory mechanisms which limit the rights of carriers to conduct operations at those airports. Each slot represents the authorization to land at or take off from the
particular airport during a specified time period. In addition to slot restrictions, operations at LaGuardia Airport (LGA) and Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (DCA) are also limited based on the stage length of the flight. 

In the U.S., the FAA currently regulates the allocation of slots, slot exemptions, operating authorizations, or similar
capacity allocation mechanisms at DCA in Washington, D.C. and three New York City airports: Newark Liberty International Airport, John F. Kennedy International Airport (JFK) and LGA. There is currently an open Notice of Proposed Rulemaking
concerning the management and use of slots at the three New York City airports. Our operations at DCA and those New York City airports generally require the allocation of slots or analogous regulatory authorities. Similarly, our operations at
Frankfurt, London, Paris and other international airports outside the U.S. are regulated by local slot authorities pursuant to the International Air Transport Association’s Worldwide Scheduling Guidelines (WSG) and applicable local law. We
currently have sufficient slots or analogous authorizations to operate our existing flights and we have generally, but not always, been able to obtain the rights to expand our operations and to change our schedules. There is no assurance that we
will be able to obtain sufficient slots or analogous authorizations in the future because, among other reasons, such allocations are often sought after by other airlines and are subject to changes in governmental policies. 

In connection with the settlement of litigation relating to the Merger brought by the DOJ and certain states, we entered
into settlement agreements that provided for certain asset divestitures, including 52 slot pairs at DCA, 17 slot pairs at LGA and gates and related ground facilities necessary to operate those slot pairs, and two gates at each of Boston Logan
International Airport, Chicago O’Hare International Airport (ORD), Dallas Love Field 

12 

Table of Contents

Airport (DAL), LAX and Miami International Airport. The settlement agreements also require us to maintain certain hub operations and continue to provide service to certain specified communities
for limited periods of time. In addition, we entered into a related settlement with the DOT related to small community service from DCA. Further, as a consequence of the Merger clearance process in the EU, we made one pair of London Heathrow slots
available for use by another carrier and, along with our JBA partners, we made one pair of London Heathrow slots available to competitors for use for up to six years in different markets. 

Our ability to provide service can also be impaired at airports, such as ORD and LAX, where the airport gate and other
facilities are inadequate to accommodate all of the service that we would like to provide. 

The DOT allows
local airport authorities to implement procedures designed to abate special noise problems, provided such procedures do not unreasonably interfere with interstate or foreign commerce or the national transportation system. Certain locales, including
Boston, Washington D.C., Chicago, San Diego and San Francisco, among others, have established airport restrictions to limit noise, including restrictions on aircraft types to be used and limits on the number of hourly or daily operations or the time
of these operations. In some instances, these restrictions have caused curtailments in service or increases in operating costs, and these restrictions could limit the ability of our airline subsidiaries to expand their operations at the affected
airports. Authorities at other airports may adopt similar noise regulations. We are continuing to see an increase in these issues throughout the country. See “Industry Regulation and Airport Access – Environmental Matters,”
below. 

Civil Reserve Air Fleet 

We participate in the Civil Reserve Air Fleet (CRAF) program, which is a voluntary program administered by the U.S. Air
Force Air Mobility Command. The General Services Administration of the U.S. Government requires that airlines participate in the CRAF program in order to receive U.S. Government business. We are reimbursed at compensatory rates if aircraft are
activated under the CRAF program or when participating in Department of Defense business. If a substantial number of our aircraft are activated for operation under the CRAF program at a time of war or other national emergency, our business
operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. In January 2014, the U.S. Air Force proposed significant changes to the CRAF program which have not yet taken effect. Together with other industry participants, we are working with the
U.S. Air Force to address our concerns with the new proposals. 

Environmental Matters 

Environmental and noise regulation. The airline industry is subject to various laws and government regulations
concerning environmental matters in the U.S. and other countries. U.S. federal laws that have a particular impact on our operations include the Airport Noise and Capacity Act of 1990 (ANCA), the Clean Air Act (CAA), the Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act, the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA or the Superfund Act). The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and other federal agencies
have been authorized to promulgate regulations that have an impact on our operations. In addition to these federal activities, various states have been delegated certain authorities under the aforementioned federal statutes. Many state and local
governments have adopted environmental laws and regulations which are similar to or stricter than federal requirements. 

The ANCA recognizes the rights of airport operators with noise problems to implement local noise abatement programs so long as they do not interfere unreasonably with interstate or foreign commerce or the
national air transportation system. Authorities in several cities have promulgated aircraft noise reduction programs, including the imposition of nighttime curfews. The ANCA generally requires FAA approval of local noise restrictions on aircraft.
While we have had sufficient scheduling flexibility to accommodate local noise restrictions imposed to date, our operations could be adversely affected if locally-imposed regulations become more restrictive or widespread. 

13 

Table of Contents

The environmental laws to which we are subject include those related to
responsibility for potential soil and groundwater contamination. We are conducting investigation and remediation activities to address soil and groundwater conditions at several sites, including airports and maintenance bases. We anticipate that the
ongoing costs of such activities will not have a material impact on our operations. In addition, we have been named as a potentially responsible party (PRP) at certain Superfund sites. Our alleged volumetric contributions at such sites are
relatively small in comparison to total contributions of all PRPs; we anticipate that any future payments of costs at such sites will not have a material impact on our operations. 

Climate change regulation. Many aspects of our operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental
regulations and concerns about climate change and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. For example, the EU has established the Emissions Trading Scheme (ETS) to regulate GHG emissions in the EU. The EU adopted a directive in 2008 under which each EU
member state is required to extend the ETS to aviation operations. This directive would have required us, beginning in 2012, to annually submit emission allowances in order to operate flights to and from airports in the European Economic Area (EEA),
including flights between the U.S. and EU member states. However, in an effort to allow the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) time to propose an alternate scheme to manage global aviation emissions, in April 2013, the EU suspended for
one year the ETS’ application to flights entering and departing the EEA, limiting its application, for flights flown in 2012, to intra-EEA flights only. In October 2013, the ICAO Assembly adopted a resolution calling for the development through
ICAO of a global, market-based scheme for aviation GHG emissions, to be finalized in 2016 and implemented in 2020. Subsequently, the EU has amended the EU ETS so that the monitoring, reporting and submission of allowances for aviation GHG emissions
will continue to be limited to only intra-EEA flights through 2016, at which time the EU will evaluate the progress made by ICAO and determine what, if any, measures to take related to aviation GHG emissions from 2017 onwards. The U.S. enacted
legislation in November 2012 which encourages the DOT to seek an international solution through ICAO and that will allow the U.S. Secretary of Transportation to prohibit U.S. airlines from participating in the ETS. The effort currently underway
through ICAO to reach a global agreement on measures to manage international aviation GHG emission growth could significantly impact our business, particularly to the extent that any final agreement may emphasize a collective cost sharing approach
for industry emissions growth over a cost approach based on individual carrier contribution to emission growth. 

In addition, in December 2015, at the 21st Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on
Climate Change (UNFCCC’s COP21), over 190 countries, including the United States, reached an agreement to reduce global GHG emissions. While there is no express reference to aviation in this international agreement, to the extent the United
States and other countries implement this agreement, either with respect to the aviation industry or with respect to related industries such as the aviation fuel industry, it could have an adverse direct or indirect effect on our business.

Within the U.S., there is an increasing trend toward regulating GHG emissions directly under the CAA. In
response to a 2012 ruling by the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, the EPA announced in June 2015 a proposed endangerment finding that aircraft engine GHG emissions cause or contribute to air pollution that may reasonably be
anticipated to endanger public health or welfare. If the EPA finalizes the endangerment finding, the EPA is obligated under the CAA to set aircraft engine GHG emission standards. It is anticipated that any such standards established by EPA would
closely align with emission standards currently being developed by ICAO. In February 2016, the ICAO Committee on Aviation Environmental Protection (CAEP) recommended that ICAO adopt carbon dioxide certification standards that would apply to new type
aircraft certified beginning in 2020, and would be phased in for newly manufactured existing aircraft type designs starting in 2023. 

In addition, several states have adopted or are considering initiatives to regulate emissions of GHGs, primarily through the planned development of GHG emissions inventories and/or regional GHG cap and
trade programs. 

These regulatory efforts, both internationally and in the U.S. at the federal and state
levels, are still developing, and we cannot yet determine what the final regulatory programs or their impact will be in the U.S., the EU or in 

14 

Table of Contents

other areas in which we do business. Depending on the scope of such regulation, certain of our facilities and operations, or the operations of our suppliers, may be subject to additional
operating and other permit requirements, potentially resulting in increased operating costs. 

Future Regulatory
Developments 

Future regulatory developments and actions could affect operations and increase
operating costs for the airline industry, including our airline subsidiaries. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors –
 “If we are unable to obtain and maintain adequate facilities and infrastructure throughout our system and, at some
airports, adequate slots, we may be unable to operate our existing flight schedule and to expand or change our route network in the future, which may have a material adverse impact on our operations,” “Our business is subject to extensive
government regulation, which may result in increases in our costs, disruptions to our operations, limits on our operating flexibility, reductions in the demand for air travel, and competitive disadvantages” and
 “We are subject to
many forms of environmental regulation and may incur substantial costs as a result” for additional information.

Employees
and Labor Relations 

The airline business is labor intensive. In 2015, salaries, wages and benefits were
our largest expenses and represented approximately 31% of our operating expenses. 

The table below presents
our approximate number of active full-time equivalent employees as of December 31, 2015. 

Mainline

Operations

Wholly-owned

Regional Carriers

Total

 Pilots and Flight Crew Training Instructors

13,100

3,200

16,300

 Flight Attendants

24,100

1,900

26,000

 Maintenance personnel

14,400

1,800

16,200

 Fleet Service personnel

16,100

3,200

19,300

 Passenger Service personnel

16,500

7,100

23,600

 Administrative and other

14,700

2,400

17,100

 Total

98,900

19,600

118,500

15 

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2015, approximately 82% of AAG’s total active
employees were represented by various labor unions and covered by CBAs as detailed in the table below. 

 Union

 Class or Craft

Employees (1)

ContractAmendable Date (2)

 Combined American:

 Allied Pilots Association (APA)

 Pilots

12,800

12/31/2019

 Association of Professional Flight Attendants (APFA)

 Flight Attendants

24,100

12/13/2019

 Airline Customer Service Employee Association – Communications Workers of America and International Brotherhood of Teamsters
(CWA-IBT)

 Passenger Service

16,500

12/1/2020

 American Mainline:

 Transport Workers Union (TWU)

 Mechanics and Related

9,300

9/12/2018

 TWU

 Fleet Service

9,400

9/12/2018

 TWU

 Stock Clerks

1,200

9/12/2018

 TWU

 Simulator Technicians

100

9/12/2018

 TWU

 Dispatchers

200

9/12/2018

 TWU

 Flight Crew Training Instructors

200

9/12/2018

 TWU

 Maintenance Control Technicians

100

9/12/2018

 US Airways Mainline (3):

 TWU

 Flight Crew Training Instructors

100

11/11/2011

(4) 

 TWU

 Flight Simulator Engineers

100

11/11/2011

(4) 

 TWU

 Dispatchers

200

6/30/2015

(4) 

 International Association of Machinists & Aerospace Workers (IAM)

Mechanics, Stock Clerks and Related

3,500

7/18/2018

 IAM

 Maintenance Training Instructors

30

7/18/2018

 IAM

 Fleet Service

6,400

7/18/2018

 Envoy:

 Air Line Pilots Associations (ALPA)

 Pilots

1,800

12/23/2024

 Association of Flight Attendants-CWA (AFA)

 Flight Attendants

900

7/1/2020

 TWU

 Ground School Instructors

10

1/1/2019

 TWU

 Mechanics and Related

1,100

12/31/2020

 TWU

 Stock Clerks

100

12/31/2020

 TWU

 Fleet Service Clerks

3,100

1/1/2019

 TWU

 Dispatchers

100

1/1/2019

 Piedmont:

 ALPA

 Pilots

400

9/19/2024

 AFA

 Flight Attendants

200

9/9/2019

 International Brotherhood of Teamsters (IBT)

 Mechanics

300

8/23/2012

(4) 

 IBT

 Stock Clerks

30

4/18/2014

(4) 

 Communications Workers of America (CWA)

 Fleet and Passenger Service

2,800

2/5/2017

 IBT

 Dispatchers

20

11/30/2019

 PSA:

 ALPA

 Pilots

1,000

4/1/2023

 AFA

 Flight Attendants

800

4/30/2017

 IAM

 Mechanics

200

4/24/2016

 TWU

 Dispatchers

40

9/4/2014

(4) 

(1)

 Approximate number of active full-time equivalent employees covered by the contract as of December 31, 2015. 

(2)

 See discussion below regarding the process for combining mainline employee groups post-Merger. 

(3)

 Although US Airways merged with and into American on December 30, 2015, certain employees of American continue to work under the terms of
separate CBAs that were applicable to them as employees of US Airways. 

(4)

 Contracts are currently amendable. 

16 

Table of Contents

Relations with such labor organizations are governed by the Railway Labor
Act (RLA). Under the RLA, the National Mediation Board (NMB) is responsible for determining which union, if any, is designated to represent employees. In an airline merger, when different unions represent the employees at the merging carrier, a
union may file an application with the NMB to represent the combined group of post-merger employees. The application is reviewed by the NMB, which considers whether the operations of the merging carriers have been sufficiently integrated to
constitute a single transportation system. After the integration process is found to have created a single transportation system, the NMB then conducts an investigation to determine which union, if any, is to be the representative of the post-merger
employees. That union then negotiates a joint collective bargaining agreement (JCBA) covering the combined group of post-merger employees. 

When an RLA CBA becomes amendable, if either party to the agreement wishes to modify its terms, it must notify the other party in the manner prescribed under the RLA and as agreed by the parties. Under
the RLA, the parties must meet for direct negotiations, and, if no agreement is reached, either party may request the NMB to appoint a federal mediator. The RLA prescribes no set timetable for the direct negotiation and mediation process. It is not
unusual for those processes to last for many months and even for several years. If no agreement is reached in mediation, the NMB in its discretion may declare under the RLA at some time that an impasse exists, and if an impasse is declared, the NMB
proffers binding arbitration to the parties. Either party may decline to submit to binding arbitration. If arbitration is rejected by either party, an initial 30-day “cooling off” period commences. Following the conclusion of that 30-day
“cooling off” period, if no agreement has been reached, “self-help” (as described below) can begin unless a Presidential Emergency Board (PEB) is established. A PEB examines the parties’ positions and recommends a solution.
The PEB process lasts for 30 days and (if no resolution is reached) is followed by another “cooling off” period of 30 days. At the end of a “cooling off” period (unless an agreement is reached, a PEB is established, or action is
taken by Congress), the labor organization may exercise “self-help,” such as a strike, and the airline may resort to its own “self-help,” including the imposition of any or all of its proposed amendments and the hiring of new
employees to replace any striking workers. 

In 2014 and 2015, we reached agreements with several labor unions.
On December 18, 2014, we reached a JCBA with the APFA. The new agreement did not require ratification and was effective immediately with the wage increases under the JCBA becoming effective January 1, 2015. 

On January 3, 2015, we reached a tentative agreement with the APA on a five-year JCBA, which was ratified on
January 30, 2015. The new, higher pay rates were implemented retroactive to December 2, 2014. 

In
September 2015, we reached an agreement with the CWA-IBT for a new JCBA applicable to passenger service employees, which was ratified in November 2015 and provided significant pay increases for combined passenger service employees, effective
immediately. 

Most of the other mainline American ground employees are covered by existing TWU agreements that
will not become amendable until 2018. The approximate 10,000 US Airways mechanics, fleet service agents and stores employees are covered by IAM agreements that also become amendable in 2018. In August 2014, the TWU and the IAM together filed single
transportation system applications to jointly represent the combined groups of mainline US Airways and mainline American mechanics, fleet service and stores employees. The NMB certified the TWU-IAM alliance as the representative of the American
mechanics, fleet service and stores employees, and JCBA negotiations for those combined groups are now underway. 

The TWU represented both the mainline American and the mainline US Airways dispatchers, flight simulator engineers and flight crew training instructors prior to the merger, and the NMB has certified the
TWU as the representative of each of those employee groups post-merger. 

The Merger had no impact on the CBAs
that cover the employees of our wholly-owned subsidiary airlines which are not being merged (Envoy, Piedmont and PSA). 

17 

Table of Contents

Certain union-represented American mainline employees are covered by
agreements that are not currently amendable. Until those agreements become amendable, negotiations for JCBAs will be conducted outside the traditional RLA bargaining process described above, and, in the meantime, no self-help will be permissible.
The Piedmont mechanics and stock clerks and the PSA dispatchers have agreements that are now amendable and are engaged in traditional RLA negotiations. 

None of the unions representing our employees presently may lawfully engage in concerted refusals to work, such as strikes, slow-downs, sick-outs or other similar activity, against us. Nonetheless, there
is a risk that disgruntled employees, either with or without union involvement, could engage in one or more concerted refusals to work that could individually or collectively harm the operation of our airline and impair our financial performance.

For more discussion, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors –
 “Union disputes, employee
strikes and other labor-related disruptions may adversely affect our operations.” 

Aircraft Fuel 

Our operations and financial results are significantly affected by the availability and price of jet fuel. Based on our
2016 forecasted mainline and regional fuel consumption, we estimate that, as of December 31, 2015, a one cent per gallon increase in aviation fuel price would increase our 2016 annual fuel expense by $44 million. 

The following table shows annual aircraft fuel consumption and costs, including taxes, for our mainline operations for
2015 and 2014 (gallons and aircraft fuel expense in millions). 

 Year

Gallons

Average Price

per
Gallon

Aircraft 
Fuel

Expense

Percent of TotalMainline Operating

Expenses

 2015

3,611

$

1.72

$

6,226

21.6

% 

 2014

3,644

2.91

10,592

33.2

% 

Total fuel expenses for our wholly-owned and third-party regional carriers operating
under capacity purchase agreements of American were $1.2 billion and $2.0 billion for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

As of December 31, 2015, we did not have any fuel hedging contracts outstanding to hedge our fuel consumption. As such, and assuming we do not enter into any future transactions to hedge our fuel
consumption, we will continue to be fully exposed to fluctuations in fuel prices. Our current policy is not to enter into transactions to hedge our fuel consumption, although we review that policy from time to time based on market conditions and
other factors. 

Fuel prices have fluctuated substantially over the past several years. We cannot predict the
future availability, price volatility or cost of aircraft fuel. Natural disasters, political disruptions or wars involving oil-producing countries, changes in fuel-related governmental policy, the strength of the U.S. dollar against foreign
currencies, changes in access to petroleum product pipelines and terminals, speculation in the energy futures markets, changes in aircraft fuel production capacity, environmental concerns and other unpredictable events may result in fuel supply
shortages, additional fuel price volatility and cost increases in the future. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors – “Our business is dependent on the price and availability of aircraft fuel. Continued periods of high volatility in
fuel costs, increased fuel prices and significant disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel could have a significant negative impact on our operating results and liquidity.” 

Insurance 

We maintain insurance of the types that we
believe are customary in the airline industry, including insurance for public liability, passenger liability, property damage, and all-risk coverage for damage to our aircraft. Principal coverage includes liability for injury to members of the
public, including passengers, damage to 

18 

Table of Contents

property of AAG, its subsidiaries and others, and loss of or damage to flight equipment, whether on the ground or in flight. We also maintain other types of insurance such as workers’
compensation and employer’s liability, with limits and deductibles that we believe are standard within the industry. 

In addition, insurers significantly increased the premiums for aviation insurance in general following September 11, 2001. While the price of commercial insurance has declined since the period
immediately after the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, if commercial insurance carriers reduce the amount of insurance coverage available to us or significantly increase its cost, we would be materially adversely affected. See Part I,
Item 1A. Risk Factors – “Increases in insurance costs or reductions in insurance coverage may adversely impact our operations and financial results.” 

Customer Service 

We are committed to consistently
delivering safe, reliable and convenient service to our customers in every aspect of our operation. The table below summarizes the operating statistics we reported to the DOT for our mainline operations for the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014. We are working to improve these metrics by making investments in our operations, which include the hiring of additional maintenance personnel to reduce the time aircraft are out of service. We are also making capital investments in new baggage
handling technology. 

December 31,

Better (Worse)

2015

2014

 On-time performance (a)

80.1

77.9

2.2

pts 

 Completion factor (b)

98.4

98.4

—

pts 

 Mishandled baggage (c)

3.97

3.77

(5.3

)% 

 Customer complaints (d)

3.22

2.12

(51.9

)% 

(a)

 Percentage of reported flight operations arriving less than 15 minutes after the scheduled arrival time. 

(b)

 Percentage of scheduled flight operations completed. 

(c)

 Rate of mishandled baggage reports per 1,000 passengers. 

(d)

 Rate of customer complaints filed with the DOT per 100,000 enplanements. 

Loyalty Program 

Our loyalty program,
AAdvantage®
 was established to develop passenger loyalty by offering awards to travelers for their continued
patronage. AAdvantage members earn mileage credits by flying on American, the American Eagle carriers, the third-party regional carriers and other participating airlines or by using services of other participants in these programs. Mileage credits
can be redeemed for free or upgraded travel on American, the American Eagle carriers or other participating airlines, or for other awards. Once a member accrues sufficient mileage for an award, the member may book award travel. Most travel awards
are subject to capacity-controlled seating. A member’s mileage credit does not expire as long as that member has any type of qualifying activity at least once every 18 months. 

In 2015, we completed the integration of the US Airways Dividend Miles program into American’s AAdvantage program.
Also, to ensure we are rewarding our most loyal customers, we announced a program change to occur in the second half of 2016, whereby customers will earn award miles based on dollars spent rather than distance flown. 

American sells mileage credits and related services to other partners in the AAdvantage program primarily with the
purpose of awarding qualifying members based on their usage of our co-branded credit cards or the usage of other services, hotels and rental cars provided by partners. There are over 1,000 program partners, including leading credit card issuers
(Citibank and BarclaycardUS), hotels, car rental companies and other 

19 

Table of Contents

products and services companies. We believe that program partners benefit from the sustained purchasing behavior of their members, which translates into incremental and recurring streams of
revenues for us. Under our agreements with AAdvantage members and program partners, we reserve the right to change the AAdvantage program at any time without notice, and may end the program with six months’ notice. Program rules, partners,
special offers, awards and requisite mileage levels for awards are subject to change. As of December 31, 2015, AAdvantage had approximately 853.6 billion outstanding award miles. During 2015, AAdvantage issued approximately 315 billion miles,
of which approximately 58% were sold to program partners. 

We and other participating airline partners limit
the number of seats per flight that are available for redemption by award recipients by using various inventory management techniques. We charge various fees for issuing awards dependent upon destination and booking method and for issuing awards
within 21 days of the travel date. 

All travel on eligible tickets will count toward qualification for elite
status in the AAdvantage program. Elite members can enjoy additional benefits of the AAdvantage program, including First and Business Class check-in, priority security and priority boarding, complimentary access to Preferred Seats, priority baggage
delivery, and checked bags at no charge. 

See Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” for more information on AAdvantage. 

Ticket Distribution 

Passengers can purchase tickets for
travel on American through several distribution channels including their direct websites (www.aa.com), our reservations centers and third-party distribution channels, including those provided by or through global distribution systems (e.g.,
Amadeus, Sabre and Travelport), conventional travel agents and online travel agents (e.g., Expedia, Orbitz and Travelocity). To remain competitive, we will need to successfully manage our distribution costs and rights, increase our distribution
flexibility and improve the functionality of third-party distribution channels, while maintaining an industry-competitive cost structure. For more discussion, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors –
 “We rely on third-party distribution
channels and must manage effectively the costs, rights and functionality of these channels.” 

Seasonality and Other Factors

Due to the greater demand for air and leisure travel during the summer months, revenues in the airline
industry in the second and third quarters of the year tend to be greater than revenues in the first and fourth quarters of the year. General economic conditions, fears of terrorism or war, fare initiatives, fluctuations in fuel prices, labor
actions, weather, natural disasters, outbreaks of disease, and other factors could impact this seasonal pattern. Therefore, our quarterly results of operations are not necessarily indicative of operating results for the entire year, and historical
operating results in a quarterly or annual period are not necessarily indicative of future operating results. 

Unaudited quarterly financial data for the two-year period ended December 31, 2015 is included in Note 20 to
AAG’s Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8A and Note 18 to American’s Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8B. 

Available Information 

The SEC allows AAG and American to
incorporate information by reference into this Form 10-K. This means that AAG and American can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. Any information incorporated by reference into
this Form 10-K is considered to be a part of this Form 10-K, except for any information that is superseded by information that is included directly in this Form 10-K or incorporated by reference subsequent to the date of this Form 10-K. AAG and
American do not incorporate the contents of their website into this Form 10-K. 

20 

Table of Contents

A copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), are available free of charge at www.aa.com as soon
as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC and at the website maintained by the SEC at 
www.sec.gov. 

AAG has made and expects to make public disclosures of certain information regarding AAG and its subsidiaries to
investors and the general public by means of the investor relations section of our website (www.aa.com) as well as through the use of social media sites, including, but not limited to, Facebook and Twitter and a website maintained by us to
provide information regarding AAG’s reorganization pursuant to the Plan. Investors are encouraged to (i) join American’s circle (@AmericanAir) on Twitter, (ii) “like” American (
www.facebook.com/AmericanAirlines)
on its Facebook page, (iii) follow American (
www.google.com/+americanairlines) on Google+; (iv) follow American (
www.instagram.com/americanair) on Instagram; (v) follow American
(
www.linkedin.com/company/american-airlines) on LinkedIn; (vi) subscribe to American (
www.youtube.com/user/americanairlines) on YouTube; (vii) follow American (
username AmericanAir) on Snapchat; and (viii) visit

www.amrcaseinfo.com for updated information regarding the Plan. Neither AAG nor American incorporates the contents of its social media posts or websites into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

21 

Table of Contents

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 

Below are certain risk factors that may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, or the trading
price of our common stock or other securities. We caution the reader that these risk factors may not be exhaustive. We operate in a continually changing business environment, and new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time. Management
cannot predict such new risks and uncertainties, nor can it assess the extent to which any of the risk factors below or any such new risks and uncertainties, or any combination thereof, may impact our business. 

Risks Relating to the Company and Industry-Related Risks 

We could experience significant operating losses in the future. 

For a number of reasons, including those addressed in these risk factors, we might fail to maintain profitability and might experience significant losses. In particular, the condition of the economy, the
level and volatility of fuel prices, the state of travel demand and intense competition in the airline industry have had, and will continue to have an impact on our operating results, and may increase the risk that we will experience losses.

Downturns in economic conditions adversely affect our business. 

Due to the discretionary nature of business and leisure travel spending, airline industry revenues are heavily influenced
by the condition of the U.S. economy and economies in other regions of the world. Unfavorable conditions in these broader economies have resulted, and may result in the future, in decreased passenger demand for air travel and changes in booking
practices, both of which in turn have had, and may have in the future, a strong negative effect on our revenues. In addition, during challenging economic times, actions by our competitors to increase their revenues can have an adverse impact on our
revenues. See “The airline industry is intensely competitive and dynamic” below. Certain labor agreements to which we are a party limit our ability to reduce the number of aircraft in operation, and the utilization of such aircraft,
below certain levels. As a result, we may not be able to optimize the number of aircraft in operation in response to a decrease in passenger demand for air travel. 

Our business is dependent on the price and availability of aircraft fuel. Continued periods of high volatility in fuel costs, increased fuel prices and significant disruptions in the supply of
aircraft fuel could have a significant negative impact on our operating results and liquidity. 

Our
operating results are materially impacted by changes in the availability, price volatility and cost of aircraft fuel, which represents one of the largest single cost items in our business. Jet fuel market prices have fluctuated substantially over
the past several years and prices continue to be highly volatile. 

Because of the amount of fuel needed to
operate our business, even a relatively small increase or decrease in the price of fuel can have a material effect on our operating results and liquidity. Due to the competitive nature of the airline industry and unpredictability of the market, we
can offer no assurance that we may be able to increase our fares, impose fuel surcharges or otherwise increase revenues sufficiently to offset fuel price increases. Similarly, we cannot predict the effect or the actions of our competitors if the
current low fuel prices remain in place for a significant period of time. 

Although we are currently able to
obtain adequate supplies of aircraft fuel, we cannot predict the future availability, price volatility or cost of aircraft fuel. Natural disasters, political disruptions or wars involving oil-producing countries, changes in fuel-related governmental
policy, the strength of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies, changes in access to petroleum product pipelines and terminals, speculation in the energy futures markets, changes in aircraft fuel production capacity, environmental concerns and
other unpredictable events may result in fuel supply shortages, additional fuel price volatility and cost increases in the future. 

22 

Table of Contents

We have a large number of older aircraft in our fleet, and these aircraft
are not as fuel efficient as more recent models of aircraft, including those we have on order. We intend to continue to execute our fleet renewal plans to, among other things, improve the fuel efficiency of our fleet, and we are dependent on a
limited number of major aircraft manufacturers to deliver aircraft on schedule. If we experience delays in delivery of the more fuel efficient aircraft that we have on order, we will be adversely affected. 

Our aviation fuel purchase contracts generally do not provide meaningful price protection against increases in fuel
costs. Prior to the closing of the Merger, we sought to manage the risk of fuel price increases by using derivative contracts. As of December 31, 2015, we did not have any fuel hedging contracts outstanding. As such, and assuming we do not
enter into any future transactions to hedge our fuel consumption, we will continue to be fully exposed to fluctuations in fuel prices. 

Our current policy is not to enter into transactions to hedge our fuel consumption, although we review that policy from time to time based on market conditions and other factors. If in the future we enter
into derivative contracts to hedge our fuel consumption, there can be no assurance that, at any given time, we will have derivatives in place to provide any particular level of protection against increased fuel costs or that our counterparties will
be able to perform under our derivative contracts. To the extent we use derivative contracts that have the potential to create an obligation to pay upon settlement if prices decline significantly, such derivative contracts may limit our ability to
benefit from lower fuel costs in the future. Also, a rapid decline in the projected price of fuel at a time when we have fuel hedging contracts in place could adversely impact our short-term liquidity, because hedge counterparties could require that
we post collateral in the form of cash or letters of credit. See also the discussion in Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk – “AAG’s Market Risk Sensitive Instruments and Positions
– Aircraft Fuel” and 
“American’s Market Risk Sensitive Instruments and Positions – Aircraft Fuel.” 

The airline industry is intensely competitive and dynamic. 

Our competitors include other major domestic airlines and foreign, regional and new entrant airlines, as well as joint ventures formed by some of these airlines, many of which have more financial or other
resources and/or lower cost structures than ours, as well as other forms of transportation, including rail and private automobiles. In many of our markets we compete with at least one low-cost air carrier. Our revenues are sensitive to the actions
of other carriers in many areas including pricing, scheduling, capacity and promotions, which can have a substantial adverse impact not only on our revenues, but on overall industry revenues. These factors may become even more significant in periods
when the industry experiences large losses, as airlines under financial stress, or in bankruptcy, may institute pricing structures intended to achieve near-term survival rather than long-term viability. 

Low-cost carriers, including so-called ultra-low-cost carriers, have a profound impact on industry revenues. Using the
advantage of low unit costs, these carriers offer lower fares in order to shift demand from larger, more established airlines, and represent significant competitors, particularly for customers who fly infrequently and are price sensitive and tend
not to be loyal to any one particular carrier. Some low-cost carriers, which have cost structures lower than ours, have better recent financial performance and have announced growth strategies including commitments to acquire significant numbers of
aircraft for delivery in the next few years. These low-cost carriers are expected to continue to increase their market share through growth and, potentially, consolidation, and could continue to have an impact on our revenues and overall
performance. For example, as a result of divestitures completed in connection with gaining regulatory approval for the Merger, low-fare, low-cost carriers have gained additional access in a number of markets, including DCA, a slot-controlled
airport. The actions of the low-cost carriers, including those described above, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial performance. 

Our presence in international markets is not as extensive as that of some of our competitors. We derived approximately
30% of our operating revenues in 2015 from operations outside of the U.S., as measured and 

23 

Table of Contents

reported to the DOT. In providing international air transportation, we compete to provide scheduled passenger and cargo service between the U.S. and various overseas locations with U.S. airlines,
foreign investor-owned airlines, and foreign state-owned or state-affiliated airlines, including carriers based in the Middle East, the three largest of which we believe benefit from significant government subsidies. Our international service
exposes us to foreign economies and the potential for reduced demand, such as we have recently experienced in Brazil and Venezuela, when any foreign countries we serve suffer adverse local economic conditions. In addition, open skies agreements with
an increasing number of countries around the world provide international airlines with open access to U.S. markets. See “Our business is subject to extensive government regulation, which may result in increases in our costs, disruptions to
our operations, limits on our operating flexibility, reductions in the demand for air travel, and competitive disadvantages.” 

Certain airline alliances have been, or may in the future be, granted immunity from antitrust regulations by governmental authorities for specific areas of cooperation, such as joint pricing decisions. To
the extent alliances formed by our competitors can undertake activities that are not available to us, our ability to effectively compete may be hindered. Our ability to attract and retain customers is dependent upon, among other things, our ability
to offer our customers convenient access to desired markets. Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain or obtain alliance and marketing relationships with other air carriers in desired markets. 

We are party to antitrust-immunized cooperation agreements with British Airways, Iberia, Finnair, Royal Jordanian, Japan
Airlines, LAN Airlines and LAN Peru. We have also established joint business agreements (JBAs) with British Airways, Iberia, and Finnair, and separately Japan Airlines. In addition, we applied for regulatory approval to enter into a JBA with Qantas
Airways and have or will be applying for regulatory approval of a JBA with LATAM Airlines Group air carriers in the relevant jurisdictions affected by that JBA. No assurances can be given as to any benefits that we may derive from such arrangements
or any other arrangements that may ultimately be implemented. 

Additional mergers and other forms of industry
consolidation, including antitrust immunity grants, may take place and may not involve us as a participant. Depending on which carriers combine and which assets, if any, are sold or otherwise transferred to other carriers in connection with such
combinations, our competitive position relative to the post-combination carriers or other carriers that acquire such assets could be harmed. In addition, as carriers combine through traditional mergers or antitrust immunity grants, their route
networks will grow, and that growth will result in greater overlap with our network, which in turn could result in lower overall market share and revenues for us. Such consolidation is not limited to the U.S., but could include further consolidation
among international carriers in Europe and elsewhere. 

We may be unable to integrate operations successfully and realize
the anticipated synergies and other benefits of the Merger. 

The Merger involved the combination of two
companies that operated as independent public companies prior to the Merger, and each of which operated its own international network airline. Historically, the integration of separate airlines has often proven to be more time consuming and to
require more resources than initially estimated. Although we received a single operating certificate from the FAA for American and US Airways on April 8, 2015, implemented a single integrated reservation system on October 17, 2015 and
merged American and US Airways on December 30, 2015, we must continue to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating our business practices, cultures and operations. Potential difficulties we may encounter as part of
the integration process include the following: 

•

 the inability to successfully combine our businesses in a manner that permits us to achieve the synergies and other benefits anticipated to result
from the Merger; 

•

 the challenge of integrating complex systems, operating procedures, regulatory compliance programs, technology, aircraft fleets, networks, and other
assets (including, for example, our flight operations systems and technology which supports human resources functions) in a manner that minimizes any adverse impact on customers, suppliers, employees, and other constituencies;

24 

Table of Contents

•

 the effects of divestitures and other operational commitments entered into in connection with the settlement of the litigation brought by the
Department of Justice (DOJ) and certain states prior to the closing of the Merger, including those involving DAL and DCA; 

•

 the challenge of forming and maintaining an effective and cohesive management team; 

•

 the diversion of the attention of our management and other key employees; 

•

 the challenge of integrating workforces while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high quality customer service and running an efficient
operation; 

•

 the risks relating to integrating various computer, communications and other technology systems that will be necessary to operate American and US
Airways as a single airline and to achieve cost synergies by eliminating redundancies in the businesses; 

•

 the disruption of, or the loss of momentum in, our ongoing business; 

•

 branding or rebranding initiatives may involve substantial costs and may not be favorably received by customers; and 

•

 potential unknown liabilities, liabilities that are significantly larger than we currently anticipate and unforeseen increased expenses or delays
associated with the Merger, including costs in excess of the cash transition costs that we currently anticipate. 

Accordingly, we may not be able to realize the contemplated benefits of the Merger fully, or it may take longer and cost more than expected to realize such benefits. 

Ongoing data security compliance requirements could increase our costs, and any significant data breach could disrupt our
operations and harm our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
business requires the appropriate and secure utilization of customer, employee, business partner and other sensitive information. We cannot be certain that advances in criminal capabilities (including cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions over the
Internet, malware, computer viruses and the like), discovery of new vulnerabilities or attempts to exploit existing vulnerabilities in our systems, other data thefts, physical system or network break-ins or inappropriate access, or other
developments will not compromise or breach the technology protecting the networks that access and store sensitive information. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer
hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Furthermore, there has been heightened legislative and regulatory
focus on data security in the U.S. and abroad (particularly in the EU), including requirements for varying levels of customer notification in the event of a data breach. 

In addition, many of our commercial partners, including credit card companies, have imposed data security standards that
we must meet. In particular, we are required by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council, founded by the credit card companies, to comply with their highest level of data security standards. While we continue our efforts to meet these
standards, new and revised standards may be imposed that may be difficult for us to meet and could increase our costs. 

A significant data security breach or our failure to comply with applicable U.S. or foreign data security regulations or other data security standards may expose us to litigation, claims for contract
breach, fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could disrupt our operations, harm our reputation and materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Failure to address these issues appropriately could
also give rise to additional legal risks, which, in turn, could increase the size and number of litigation claims and damages asserted or subject us to enforcement actions, fines and penalties and cause us to incur further related costs and
expenses. 

25 

Table of Contents

Our indebtedness and other obligations are substantial and could adversely affect our
business and liquidity. 

We have significant amounts of indebtedness and other obligations, including
pension obligations, obligations to make future payments on flight equipment and property leases, and substantial non-cancelable obligations under aircraft and related spare engine purchase agreements. Moreover, currently a substantial portion of
our assets are pledged to secure our indebtedness. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations could have important consequences. For example, they: 

•

 may make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness; 

•

 may limit our ability to obtain additional funding for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments, integration costs, and
general corporate purposes, and adversely affect the terms on which such funding can be obtained; 

•

 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness and other obligations, thereby
reducing the funds available for other purposes; 

•

 make us more vulnerable to economic downturns, industry conditions and catastrophic external events; 

•

 limit our ability to respond to business opportunities and to withstand operating risks that are customary in the industry; and

•

 contain restrictive covenants that could: 

•

 limit our ability to merge, consolidate, sell assets, incur additional indebtedness, issue preferred stock, make investments and pay dividends;

•

 significantly constrain our ability to respond, or respond quickly, to unexpected disruptions in our own operations, the U.S. or global economies,
or the businesses in which we operate, or to take advantage of opportunities that would improve our business, operations, or competitive position versus other airlines; 

•

 limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures and reduce our flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions; and

•

 result in an event of default under our indebtedness. 

We will need to obtain sufficient financing or other capital to operate successfully. 

Our business plan contemplates significant investments in modernizing our fleet and integrating the American and US Airways businesses. Significant capital resources will be required to execute this plan.
We estimate that, based on our commitments as of December 31, 2015, our planned aggregate expenditures for aircraft purchase commitments and certain engines on a consolidated basis for calendar years 2016-2020 would be approximately $18.0
billion. Accordingly, we will need substantial financing or other capital resources. In addition, as of the date of this report, we had not secured financing commitments for some of the aircraft that we have on order, and we cannot be assured of the
availability or cost of that financing. In particular, as of December 31, 2015, we did not have financing commitments for the following aircraft currently on order and scheduled to be delivered through 2017: 25 Airbus A320 family aircraft in
2016 and 20 Airbus A320 family aircraft in 2017, 8 Boeing 787 family aircraft in 2016 and 13 Boeing 787 family aircraft in 2017, 15 Boeing 737-800 aircraft in 2016, three Boeing 737 MAX family aircraft in 2017 and two Boeing 777-300ER aircraft in
2016. In addition, we do not have financing commitments in place for substantially all aircraft currently on order and scheduled to be delivered in 2018 and beyond. The number of aircraft for which we do not have financing may change as we exercise
purchase options or otherwise change our purchase and delivery schedules. If we are unable to arrange financing for such aircraft at customary advance rates and on terms and conditions acceptable to us, we may need to use cash from operations or
cash on hand to purchase such aircraft or may seek to negotiate deferrals for such aircraft with the aircraft manufacturers. Depending on numerous factors, many of which are out of our control,

26 

Table of Contents

such as the state of the domestic and global economies, the capital and credit markets’ view of our prospects and the airline industry in general, and the general availability of debt and
equity capital at the time we seek capital, the financing or other capital resources that we will need may not be available to us, or may only be available on onerous terms and conditions. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in
obtaining financing or other needed sources of capital to operate successfully. An inability to obtain necessary financing on acceptable terms would have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Increased costs of financing, a reduction in the availability of financing and fluctuations in interest rates could
adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 

Concerns about the
systemic impact of inflation, the availability and cost of credit, energy costs and geopolitical issues, combined with continued changes in business activity levels and consumer confidence, increased unemployment and volatile oil prices, have in the
past and may in the future contribute to volatility in the capital and credit markets. These market conditions could result in illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads. Any such changes in the domestic and global financial markets may
increase our costs of financing and adversely affect our ability to obtain financing needed for the acquisition of aircraft that we have contractual commitments to purchase and for other types of financings we may seek in order to refinance debt
maturities, raise capital or fund other types of obligations. Any downgrades to our credit rating may likewise increase the cost and reduce the availability of financing. 

Further, a substantial portion of our indebtedness bears interest at fluctuating interest rates, primarily based on the
London interbank offered rate for deposits of U.S. dollars (LIBOR). LIBOR tends to fluctuate based on general economic conditions, general interest rates, rates set by the Federal Reserve and other central banks, and the supply of and demand for
credit in the London interbank market. We have not hedged our interest rate exposure with respect to the $1.87 billion term loan facility and the $1.4 billion revolving credit facility provided for by the credit and guaranty agreement, entered into
June 27, 2013 between AAG, American and certain lenders (as amended and restated on May 21, 2015 and as otherwise amended, the 2013 Credit Facilities), the $1.6 billion term loan facility entered into on May 23, 2013 between US
Airways and US Airways Group and certain lenders (as amended, the 2013 Citicorp Credit Facility), the $750 million term loan facility and the $1.0 billion revolving credit facility entered into October 10, 2014, between AAG and American and
certain lenders (as amended and restated on April 20, 2015 and as otherwise amended, the 2014 Credit Facilities) and other of our floating rate debt. Accordingly, our interest expense for any particular period will fluctuate based on LIBOR and
other variable interest rates. To the extent these interest rates increase, our interest expense will increase, in which event we may have difficulties making interest payments and funding our other fixed costs, and our available cash flow for
general corporate requirements may be adversely affected. See also the discussion of interest rate risk in Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk – “AAG’s Market Risk Sensitive Instruments
and Positions – Interest” and 
“American’s Market Risk Sensitive Instruments and Positions – Interest.” 

Our high level of fixed obligations may limit our ability to fund general corporate requirements and obtain additional financing, may limit our flexibility in responding to competitive developments
and causes our business to be vulnerable to adverse economic and industry conditions. 

We have a
significant amount of fixed obligations, including debt, pension costs, aircraft leases and financings, aircraft purchase commitments, leases and developments of airport and other facilities and other cash obligations. We also have certain
guaranteed costs associated with our regional operations. 

As a result of the substantial fixed costs
associated with these obligations: 

•

 a decrease in revenues results in a disproportionately greater percentage decrease in earnings; 

•

 we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund all of these fixed obligations if our revenues decline or costs increase; and

•

 we may have to use our working capital to fund these fixed obligations instead of funding general corporate requirements, including capital
expenditures. 

27 

Table of Contents

These obligations also impact our ability to obtain additional financing, if
needed, and our flexibility in the conduct of our business, and could materially adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 

We have significant pension and other postretirement benefit funding obligations, which may adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our pension funding obligations are significant. The amount of these obligations will depend on the performance of
investments held in trust by the pension plans, interest rates for determining liabilities and actuarial experience. Currently, our minimum funding obligation for our pension plans is subject to temporary favorable rules that are scheduled to expire
at the end of 2017. Our pension funding obligations are likely to increase materially beginning in 2019, when we will be required to make contributions relating to the 2018 fiscal year. In addition, we may have significant obligations for other
postretirement benefits, the ultimate amount of which depends on, among other things, the outcome of an adversary proceeding related to retiree medical and life insurance obligations filed in the Chapter 11 Cases. 

Any failure to comply with the covenants contained in our financing arrangements may have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The terms of the 2013 Credit Facilities, the
2013 Citicorp Credit Facility and the 2014 Credit Facilities require AAG and American to ensure that AAG and its restricted subsidiaries maintain consolidated unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and amounts available to be drawn under revolving
credit facilities in an aggregate amount not less than $2.0 billion, and the 2013 Citicorp Credit Facility also requires AAG and the other obligors thereunder to hold not less than $750 million (subject to partial reductions upon certain reductions
in the outstanding amount of the loan) of that amount in accounts subject to control agreements. 

Our ability
to comply with these liquidity covenants while paying the fixed costs associated with our contractual obligations and our other expenses, including significant pension and other postretirement funding obligations and cash transition costs associated
with the Merger, will depend on our operating performance and cash flow, which are seasonal, as well as factors including fuel costs and general economic and political conditions. 

In addition, our credit facilities and certain other financing arrangements include covenants that, among other things,
limit our ability to pay dividends and make certain other payments, make certain investments, incur additional indebtedness, enter into certain affiliate transactions and engage in certain business activities, in each case subject to certain
exceptions. 

The factors affecting our liquidity (and our ability to comply with related liquidity and other
covenants) will remain subject to significant fluctuations and uncertainties, many of which are outside our control. Any breach of our liquidity and other covenants or failure to timely pay our obligations could result in a variety of adverse
consequences, including the acceleration of our indebtedness, the withholding of credit card proceeds by our credit card processors and the exercise of remedies by our creditors and lessors. In such a situation, we may not be able to fulfill our
contractual obligations, repay the accelerated indebtedness, make required lease payments or otherwise cover our fixed costs. 

If our financial condition worsens, provisions in our credit card processing and other commercial agreements may adversely affect
our liquidity. 

We have agreements with companies that process customer credit card transactions for
the sale of air travel and other services. These agreements allow these processing companies, under certain conditions (including, with respect to certain agreements, the failure of American to maintain certain levels of liquidity) to hold an amount
of our cash (a holdback) equal to some or all of the advance ticket sales that have been processed by that 

28 

Table of Contents

company, but for which we have not yet provided the air transportation. We are not currently required to maintain any holdbacks pursuant to these requirements. These holdback requirements can be
modified at the discretion of the processing companies upon the occurrence of specific events, including material adverse changes in our financial condition. An increase in the current holdback balances to higher percentages up to and including 100%
of relevant advanced ticket sales could materially reduce our liquidity. Likewise, other of our commercial agreements contain provisions that allow other entities to impose less-favorable terms, including the acceleration of amounts due, in the
event of material adverse changes in our financial condition. 

Union disputes, employee strikes and other labor-related
disruptions may adversely affect our operations. 

Relations between air carriers and labor unions in
the U.S. are governed by the Railway Labor Act (RLA). Under the RLA, collective bargaining agreements (CBAs) generally contain “amendable dates” rather than expiration dates, and the RLA requires that a carrier maintain the existing terms
and conditions of employment following the amendable date through a multi-stage and usually lengthy series of bargaining processes overseen by the National Mediation Board (NMB). For the dates that the CBAs with our major work groups become
amendable under the RLA, see Part I, Item 1. Business – “Employees and Labor Relations.” 

In the case of a CBA that is amendable under the RLA, if no agreement is reached during direct negotiations between the parties, either party may request that the NMB appoint a federal mediator. The RLA
prescribes no timetable for the direct negotiation and mediation processes, and it is not unusual for those processes to last for many months or even several years. If no agreement is reached in mediation, the NMB in its discretion may declare that
an impasse exists and proffer binding arbitration to the parties. Either party may decline to submit to arbitration, and if arbitration is rejected by either party, a 30-day “cooling off” period commences. During or after that period, a
Presidential Emergency Board (PEB) may be established, which examines the parties’ positions and recommends a solution. The PEB process lasts for 30 days and is followed by another 30-day “cooling off” period. At the end of a
“cooling off” period, unless an agreement is reached or action is taken by Congress, the labor organization may exercise “self-help,” such as a strike, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

None of the unions representing our employees presently may lawfully engage in
concerted refusals to work, such as strikes, slow-downs, sick-outs or other similar activity, against us. Nonetheless, there is a risk that disgruntled employees, either with or without union involvement, could engage in one or more concerted
refusals to work that could individually or collectively harm the operation of our airline and impair our financial performance. See Part I, Item 1. Business – “Employees and Labor Relations.” 

The inability to maintain labor costs at competitive levels would harm our financial performance. 

Currently, we believe our labor costs are competitive relative to the other large network carriers. However, we cannot
provide assurance that labor costs going forward will remain competitive because some of our agreements are amendable now and others may become amendable, competitors may significantly reduce their labor costs or we may agree to higher-cost
provisions in our current or future labor negotiations. As of December 31, 2015, approximately 82% of our employees were represented for collective bargaining purposes by labor unions. Some of our unions have brought and may continue to bring
grievances to binding arbitration, including those related to wages. Unions may also bring court actions and may seek to compel us to engage in bargaining processes where we believe we have no such obligation. If successful, there is a risk these
judicial or arbitral avenues could create material additional costs that we did not anticipate. 

Interruptions or
disruptions in service at one of our hub airports could have a material adverse impact on our operations. 

We operate principally through hubs in Charlotte, Chicago, Dallas/Fort Worth, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, Philadelphia, Phoenix and Washington, D.C. Substantially all of our flights either
originate in or fly 

29 

Table of Contents

into one of these locations. A significant interruption or disruption in service at one of our hubs resulting from air traffic control (ATC) delays, weather conditions, natural disasters, growth
constraints, relations with third-party service providers, failure of computer systems, facility disruptions, labor relations, power supplies, fuel supplies, terrorist activities or otherwise could result in the cancellation or delay of a
significant portion of our flights and, as a result, could have a severe impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If we are unable to obtain and maintain adequate facilities and infrastructure throughout our system and, at some airports, adequate slots, we may be unable to operate our existing flight schedule
and to expand or change our route network in the future, which may have a material adverse impact on our operations. 

In order to operate our existing and proposed flight schedule and, where appropriate, add service along new or existing routes, we must be able to maintain and/or obtain adequate gates, ticketing
facilities, operations areas, and office space. As airports around the world become more congested, we will not always be able to ensure that our plans for new service can be implemented in a commercially viable manner, given operating constraints
at airports throughout our network, including due to inadequate facilities at desirable airports. Further, our operating costs at airports at which we operate, including our hubs, may increase significantly because of capital improvements at such
airports that we may be required to fund, directly or indirectly. In some circumstances, such costs could be imposed by the relevant airport authority without our approval. 

In addition, operations at four major domestic airports, certain smaller domestic airports and certain foreign airports
served by us are regulated by governmental entities through the use of slots or similar regulatory mechanisms which limit the rights of carriers to conduct operations at those airports. Each slot represents the authorization to land at or take off
from the particular airport during a specified time period and may have other operational restrictions as well. In the U.S., the FAA currently regulates the allocation of slots or slot exemptions at DCA and three New York City airports: Newark
Liberty International Airport, JFK and LGA. Our operations at these airports generally require the allocation of slots or similar regulatory authority. Similarly, our operations at international airports in Frankfurt, London Heathrow, Paris and
other airports outside the U.S. are regulated by local slot authorities pursuant to the International Air Transport Association’s Worldwide Scheduling Guidelines and applicable local law. We cannot provide any assurance that regulatory changes
regarding the allocation of slots or similar regulatory authority will not have a material adverse impact on our operations. 

In connection with the settlement of litigation relating to the Merger brought by the DOJ and certain states, we entered into settlement agreements that provide for certain asset divestitures including 52
slot pairs at DCA, 17 slot pairs at LGA and gates and related ground facilities necessary to operate those slot pairs, and two gates at each of Boston Logan International Airport, Chicago O’Hare International Airport, DAL, LAX and Miami
International Airport. The settlement agreements also require us to maintain certain hub operations and continue to provide service to certain specified communities for limited periods of time. In addition, we entered into a related settlement with
the DOT related to small community service from DCA. Further, as a consequence of the Merger clearance process in the European Union (EU), we made one pair of London Heathrow slots available for use by another carrier and, along with our JBA
partners, we made one pair of London Heathrow slots available to competitors for use for up to six years in different markets. 

Our ability to provide service can also be impaired at airports, such as Chicago O’Hare International Airport and LAX, where the airport gate and other facilities are inadequate to accommodate all of
the service that we would like to provide, or airports such as DAL where we have no access to gates at all. 

Any limitation on our ability to acquire or maintain adequate gates, ticketing facilities, operations areas, slots (where
applicable), or office space could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

30 

Table of Contents

If we encounter problems with any of our third-party regional operators or third-party
service providers, our operations could be adversely affected by a resulting decline in revenue or negative public perception about our services. 

A significant portion of our regional operations are conducted by third-party operators on our behalf, primarily under capacity purchase agreements. Due to our reliance on third parties to provide these
essential services, we are subject to the risks of disruptions to their operations, which may result from many of the same risk factors disclosed in this report, such as the impact of adverse economic conditions, the inability of third parties to
hire or retain necessary personnel, including in particular pilots, and other risk factors, such as an out-of-court or bankruptcy restructuring of any of our regional operators. We may also experience disruption to our regional operations if we
terminate the capacity purchase agreement with one or more of our current operators and transition the services to another provider. As our regional segment provides revenues to us directly and indirectly (by providing flow traffic to our hubs), any
significant disruption to our regional operations would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, our reliance upon others to provide essential services on behalf of our operations may result in our relative inability to control the efficiency and timeliness of contract services. We have
entered into agreements with contractors to provide various facilities and services required for our operations, including distribution and sale of airline seat inventory, provision of information technology and services, regional operations,
aircraft maintenance, ground services and facilities, reservations and baggage handling. Similar agreements may be entered into in any new markets we decide to serve. These agreements are generally subject to termination after notice by the
third-party service provider. We are also at risk should one of these service providers cease operations, and there is no guarantee that we could replace these providers on a timely basis with comparably priced providers, or at all. Volatility in
fuel prices, disruptions to capital markets and adverse economic conditions in general have subjected certain of these third-party regional carriers to significant financial pressures, which have led to several bankruptcies among these carriers. Any
material problems with the efficiency and timeliness of contract services, resulting from financial hardships or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We rely on third-party distribution channels and must manage effectively the costs, rights and functionality of these channels.

We rely on third-party distribution channels, including those provided by or through global
distribution systems (GDSs) (e.g., Amadeus, Sabre and Travelport), conventional travel agents and online travel agents (OTAs) (e.g., Expedia, including its booking sites Orbitz and Travelocity, and The Priceline Group), to distribute a significant
portion of our airline tickets, and we expect in the future to continue to rely on these channels and hope to expand their ability to distribute and collect revenues for ancillary products (e.g., fees for selective seating). These distribution
channels are more expensive and at present have less functionality in respect of ancillary product offerings than those we operate ourselves, such as our call centers and our website. Certain of these distribution channels also effectively restrict
the manner in which we distribute our products generally. To remain competitive, we will need to manage successfully our distribution costs and rights, increase our distribution flexibility and improve the functionality of third-party distribution
channels, while maintaining an industry-competitive cost structure. These imperatives may affect our relationships with GDSs and OTAs, including as consolidation of OTAs continues or is proposed to continue. Any inability to manage our third-party
distribution costs, rights and functionality at a competitive level or any material diminishment or disruption in the distribution of our tickets could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Our business is subject to extensive government regulation, which may result in increases in our costs, disruptions to
our operations, limits on our operating flexibility, reductions in the demand for air travel, and competitive disadvantages. 

Airlines are subject to extensive domestic and international regulatory requirements. In the last several years, Congress has passed laws, and the DOT, the FAA, the U.S. Transportation Security
Administration (TSA) and 

31 

Table of Contents

the Department of Homeland Security have issued a number of directives and other regulations, that affect the airline industry. These requirements impose substantial costs on us and restrict the
ways we may conduct our business. 

For example, the FAA from time to time issues directives and other
regulations relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft that require significant expenditures or operational restrictions. Our failure to timely comply with these requirements has in the past and may in the future result in fines and other
enforcement actions by the FAA or other regulators. In the future, new regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on us and the industry. 

DOT consumer rules that took effect in 2010 require procedures for customer handling during long onboard delays, further regulate airline interactions with passengers through the reservations process, at
the airport, and onboard the aircraft, and require disclosures concerning airline fares and ancillary fees such as baggage fees. The DOT has been aggressively investigating alleged violations of these rules. Other DOT rules apply to post-ticket
purchase price increases and an expansion of tarmac delay regulations to international airlines. 

The Aviation
and Transportation Security Act mandates the federalization of certain airport security procedures and imposes additional security requirements on airports and airlines, most of which are funded by a per-ticket tax on passengers and a tax on
airlines. 

The results of our operations, demand for air travel, and the manner in which we conduct business
each may be affected by changes in law and future actions taken by governmental agencies, including: 

•

 changes in law which affect the services that can be offered by airlines in particular markets and at particular airports, or the types of fees that
can be charged to passengers; 

•

 the granting and timing of certain governmental approvals (including antitrust or foreign government approvals) needed for codesharing alliances and
other arrangements with other airlines; 

•

 restrictions on competitive practices (for example, court orders, or agency regulations or orders, that would curtail an airline’s ability to
respond to a competitor); 

•

 the adoption of new passenger security standards or regulations that impact customer service standards (for example, a “passenger bill of
rights”); 

•

 restrictions on airport operations, such as restrictions on the use of slots at airports or the auction or reallocation of slot rights currently
held by us; and 

•

 the adoption of more restrictive locally-imposed noise restrictions. 

Each additional regulation or other form of regulatory oversight increases costs and adds greater complexity to airline
operations and, in some cases, may reduce the demand for air travel. There can be no assurance that our compliance with new rules, anticipated rules or other forms of regulatory oversight will not have a material adverse effect on us. 

Any significant reduction in air traffic capacity at key airports in the U.S. or overseas could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the ATC system is not successfully managing the growing demand for U.S. air travel. ATC towers are frequently understaffed in certain of our hubs, and air traffic
controllers rely on outdated technologies that routinely overwhelm the system and compel airlines to fly inefficient, indirect routes. The ATC system’s inability to handle existing travel demand has led government agencies to implement
short-term capacity constraints during peak travel periods in certain markets, resulting in delays and disruptions of air traffic. The outdated technologies also cause the ATC to be less resilient in the event of a failure. For example, in 2014 the
ATC systems in Chicago took weeks to recover following a fire in the ATC tower at Chicago O’Hare International Airport, which resulted in thousands of cancelled flights. 

32 

Table of Contents

On February 14, 2012, the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 was
signed. The law provides funding for the FAA to rebuild its ATC system, including switching from radar to a GPS-based system. It is uncertain when any improvements to the efficiency of the ATC system will take effect. Failure to update the ATC
system in a timely manner and the substantial funding requirements that may be imposed on airlines of a modernized ATC system may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The ability of U.S. airlines to operate international routes is subject to change because the applicable arrangements
between the U.S. and foreign governments may be amended from time to time and appropriate slots or facilities may not be made available. We currently operate a number of international routes under government arrangements that limit the number of
airlines permitted to operate on the route, the capacity of the airlines providing services on the route, or the number of airlines allowed access to particular airports. If an open skies policy were to be adopted for any of these routes, such an
event could have a material adverse impact on us and could result in the impairment of material amounts of our related tangible and intangible assets. In addition, competition from revenue-sharing joint ventures, JBAs, and other alliance
arrangements by and among other airlines could impair the value of our business and assets on the open skies routes. For example, the open skies air services agreement between the U.S. and the EU, which took effect in March 2008, provides airlines
from the U.S. and EU member states open access to each other’s markets, with freedom of pricing and unlimited rights to fly from the U.S. to any airport in the EU, including London Heathrow Airport. As a result of the agreement, we face
increased competition in these markets, including London Heathrow Airport. 

The airline industry is heavily taxed.

The airline industry is subject to extensive government fees and taxation that negatively impact our
revenue. The U.S. airline industry is one of the most heavily taxed of all industries. These fees and taxes have grown significantly in the past decade for domestic flights, and various U.S. fees and taxes also are assessed on international flights.
For example, as permitted by federal legislation, most major U.S. airports impose a passenger facility charge per passenger on us. In addition, the governments of foreign countries in which we operate impose on U.S. airlines, including us, various
fees and taxes, and these assessments have been increasing in number and amount in recent years. Moreover, we are obligated to collect a federal excise tax, commonly referred to as the “ticket tax,” on domestic and international air
transportation. We collect the excise tax, along with certain other U.S. and foreign taxes and user fees on air transportation (such as passenger security fees), and pass along the collected amounts to the appropriate governmental agencies. Although
these taxes are not operating expenses, they represent an additional cost to our customers. There are continuing efforts in Congress and in other countries to raise different portions of the various taxes, fees, and charges imposed on airlines and
their passengers. Increases in such taxes, fees and charges could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Under DOT regulations, all governmental taxes and fees must be included in the prices we quote or advertise to our customers. Due to the competitive revenue environment, many increases in these fees and
taxes have been absorbed by the airline industry rather than being passed on to the customer. Further increases in fees and taxes may reduce demand for air travel, and thus our revenues. 

Changes to our business model that are designed to increase revenues may not be successful and may cause operational difficulties
or decreased demand. 

We have a number of measures designed to increase revenue and offset costs. These
measures include charging separately for services that had previously been included within the price of a ticket and increasing other pre-existing fees. We may introduce additional initiatives in the future; however, as time goes on, we expect that
it will be more difficult to identify and implement additional initiatives. We cannot assure you that these measures or any future initiatives will be successful in increasing our revenues. Additionally, the implementation of these initiatives may
create logistical challenges that could harm the operational performance of our airline. Also, any new and increased fees might reduce the demand for air travel on our airline or across 

33 

Table of Contents

the industry in general, particularly if weakened economic conditions make our customers more sensitive to increased travel costs or provide a significant competitive advantage to other carriers
that determine not to institute similar charges. 

The loss of key personnel upon whom we depend to operate our business
or the inability to attract additional qualified personnel could adversely affect our business. 

We
believe that our future success will depend in large part on our ability to retain or attract highly qualified management, technical and other personnel. We may not be successful in retaining key personnel or in attracting other highly qualified
personnel. Any inability to retain or attract significant numbers of qualified management and other personnel would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may be adversely affected by conflicts overseas or terrorist attacks; the travel industry continues to face ongoing security
concerns. 

Acts of terrorism or fear of such attacks, including elevated national threat warnings, wars
or other military conflicts, may depress air travel, particularly on international routes, and cause declines in revenues and increases in costs. The attacks of September 11, 2001 and continuing terrorist threats, attacks and attempted attacks
materially impacted and continue to impact air travel. Increased security procedures introduced at airports since the attacks of September 11, 2001 and any other such measures that may be introduced in the future generate higher operating costs
for airlines. The Aviation and Transportation Security Act mandated improved flight deck security, deployment of federal air marshals on board flights, improved airport perimeter access security, airline crew security training, enhanced security
screening of passengers, baggage, cargo, mail, employees and vendors, enhanced training and qualifications of security screening personnel, additional provision of passenger data to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agency and enhanced
background checks. A concurrent increase in airport security charges and procedures, such as restrictions on carry-on baggage, has also had and may continue to have a disproportionate impact on short-haul travel, which constitutes a significant
portion of our flying and revenue. 

We operate a global business with international operations that are subject to
economic and political instability and have been, and in the future may continue to be, adversely affected by numerous events, circumstances or government actions beyond our control. 

We operate a global business with operations outside of the U.S. from which we derived approximately 30% of our operating
revenues in 2015, as measured and reported to the DOT. Our current international activities and prospects have been and in the future could be adversely affected by reversals or delays in the opening of foreign markets, increased competition in
international markets, exchange controls or other restrictions on repatriation of funds, currency and political risks (including changes in exchange rates and currency devaluations), environmental regulation, increases in taxes and fees and changes
in international government regulation of our operations, including the inability to obtain or retain needed route authorities and/or slots. In particular, fluctuations in foreign currencies, including devaluations, exchange controls and other
restrictions on the repatriation of funds, have significantly affected and may continue to significantly affect our operating performance, liquidity and the value of any cash held outside the U.S. in local currency. 

Generally, fluctuations in foreign currencies, including devaluations, cannot be predicted by us and can significantly
affect the value of our assets located outside the United States. These conditions, as well as any further delays, devaluations or imposition of more stringent repatriation restrictions, may materially adversely affect our business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

We are subject to many forms of environmental and noise regulation and may incur
substantial costs as a result. 

We are subject to increasingly stringent federal, state, local and
foreign laws, regulations and ordinances relating to the protection of the environment and noise reduction, including those relating to emissions to the air, 

34 

Table of Contents

discharges to surface and subsurface waters, safe drinking water, and the management of hazardous substances, oils and waste materials. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations can
require significant expenditures, and violations can lead to significant fines and penalties. 

In June 2015,
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued revised underground storage tank regulations that could affect airport fuel hydrant systems, as certain of those systems may need to be modified in order to comply with applicable portions of the
revised regulations. Additionally, on June 4, 2015, the EPA reissued the Multi-Sector General Permit for Stormwater Discharges from Industrial Activities. Among other revisions, the reissued permit incorporates the EPA’s previously issued
Airport Deicing Effluent Limitation Guidelines and New Source Performance Standards. In addition, California adopted a revised State Industrial General Permit for Stormwater Discharges on April 1, 2014, which became effective July 1, 2015.
This permit places additional reporting and monitoring requirements on permittees and requires implementation of mandatory best management practices. While the cost of compliance with these requirements is not expected to be significant, the company
will continue to monitor and evaluate the impact of these requirements on airport operations. In addition to the EPA and state regulations, several U.S. airport authorities are actively engaged in efforts to limit discharges of de-icing fluid to the
environment, often by requiring airlines to participate in the building or reconfiguring of airport de-icing facilities. Such efforts are likely to impose additional costs and restrictions on airlines using those airports. We do not believe,
however, that such environmental developments will have a material impact on our capital expenditures or otherwise materially adversely affect our operations, operating costs or competitive position. 

We are also subject to other environmental laws and regulations, including those that require us to investigate and
remediate soil or groundwater to meet certain remediation standards. Under federal law, generators of waste materials, and current and former owners or operators of facilities, can be subject to liability for investigation and remediation costs at
locations that have been identified as requiring response actions. Liability under these laws may be strict, joint and several, meaning that we could be liable for the costs of cleaning up environmental contamination regardless of fault or the
amount of wastes directly attributable to us. We have liability for investigation and remediation costs at various sites, although such costs are currently not expected to have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We have various leases and agreements with respect to real property, tanks and pipelines with airports and other
operators. Under these leases and agreements, we have agreed to indemnify the lessor or operator against environmental liabilities associated with the real property or operations described under the agreement, in some cases even if we are not the
party responsible for the initial event that caused the environmental damage. We also participate in leases with other airlines in fuel consortiums and fuel committees at airports, where such indemnities are generally joint and several among the
participating airlines. 

Governmental authorities in several U.S. and foreign cities are also considering, or
have already implemented, aircraft noise reduction programs, including the imposition of nighttime curfews and limitations on daytime take offs and landings. We have been able to accommodate local noise restrictions imposed to date, but our
operations could be adversely affected if locally-imposed regulations become more restrictive or widespread. 

We are
subject to risks associated with climate change, including increased regulation to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. 

There is increasing global regulatory focus on climate change and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. For example, the EU has established the Emissions Trading Scheme (ETS) to regulate GHG emissions in the
EU. The EU adopted a directive in 2008 under which each EU member state is required to extend the ETS to aviation operations. This directive would have required us, beginning in 2012, to annually submit emission allowances in order to operate
flights to and from airports in the European Economic Area (EEA), including flights between the U.S. and EU member states. However, in an effort to allow the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) time to propose an alternate scheme to
manage global aviation emissions, in April 2013, the EU suspended for 

35 

Table of Contents

one year the ETS’ application to flights entering and departing the EEA, limiting its application, for flights flown in 2012, to intra-EEA flights only. In October 2013, the ICAO Assembly
adopted a resolution calling for the development through ICAO of a global, market-based scheme for aviation GHG emissions, to be finalized in 2016 and implemented in 2020. Subsequently, the EU has amended the EU ETS so that the monitoring, reporting
and submission of allowances for aviation GHG emissions will continue to be limited to only intra-EEA flights through 2016, at which time the EU will evaluate the progress made by ICAO and determine what, if any, measures to take related to aviation
GHG emissions from 2017 onwards. The U.S. enacted legislation in November 2012 which encourages the DOT to seek an international solution through ICAO and that will allow the U.S. Secretary of Transportation to prohibit U.S. airlines from
participating in the ETS. The effort currently underway through ICAO to reach a global agreement on measures to manage international aviation GHG emission growth could significantly impact our business, particularly to the extent that any final
agreement may emphasize a collective cost sharing approach for industry emissions growth over a cost approach based on individual carrier contribution to emission growth. Ultimately, the scope and application of ETS or other emissions trading
schemes to our operations, now or in the near future, remains uncertain. We do not anticipate any significant emissions allowance expenditures in 2016. Beyond 2016, compliance with the ETS or similar emissions-related requirements could
significantly increase our operating costs. Further, the potential impact of ETS or other emissions-related requirements on our costs will ultimately depend on a number of factors, including baseline emissions, the price of emission allowances or
offsets and the number of future flights subject to ETS or other emissions-related requirements. These costs have not been completely defined and could fluctuate. 

In addition, in December 2015, at the 21st Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on
Climate Change (UNFCCC’s COP21), over 190 countries, including the United States, reached an agreement to reduce global greenhouse gas emissions. While there is no express reference to aviation in this international agreement, to the extent the
United States and other countries implement this agreement or impose other climate change regulations, either with respect to the aviation industry or with respect to related industries such as the aviation fuel industry, it could have an adverse
direct or indirect effect on our business. 

Within the U.S., there is an increasing trend toward regulating
GHG emissions directly under the Clean Air Act (CAA). In response to a 2012 ruling by the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, the EPA announced in June 2015 a proposed endangerment finding that aircraft engine GHG emissions cause or
contribute to air pollution that may reasonably be anticipated to endanger public health or welfare. A public hearing regarding the proposed endangerment finding was held in August 2015. If the EPA finalizes the endangerment finding, the EPA is
obligated under the CAA to set aircraft engine GHG emission standards. It is anticipated that any such standards established by EPA would closely align with emission standards currently being developed by ICAO. In February 2016, the ICAO Committee
on Aviation Environmental Protection (CAEP) recommended that ICAO adopt carbon dioxide certification standards that would apply to new type aircraft certified beginning in 2020, and would be phased in for newly manufactured existing aircraft type
designs starting in 2023. 

In addition, several states have adopted or are considering initiatives to regulate
emissions of GHGs, primarily through the planned development of GHG emissions inventories and/or regional GHG cap and trade programs. 

These regulatory efforts, both internationally and in the U.S. at the federal and state levels, are still developing, and we cannot yet determine what the final regulatory programs or their impact will be
in the U.S., the EU or in other areas in which we do business. However, such climate change-related regulatory activity in the future may adversely affect our business and financial results by requiring us to reduce our emissions, purchase
allowances or otherwise pay for our emissions. Such activity may also impact us indirectly by increasing our operating costs, including fuel costs. 

36 

Table of Contents

We rely heavily on technology and automated systems to operate our business, and any
failure of these technologies or systems could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are highly dependent on technology and automated systems to operate our business and achieve low operating costs. These technologies and systems include our computerized airline reservation system,
flight operations systems, financial planning, management and accounting systems, telecommunications systems, website, maintenance systems and check-in kiosks. In order for our operations to work efficiently, our website and reservation system must
be able to accommodate a high volume of traffic, maintain secure information and deliver flight information, as well as issue electronic tickets and process critical financial information in a timely manner. Substantially all of our tickets are
issued to passengers as electronic tickets. We depend on our reservation system, which is hosted and maintained under a long-term contract by a third-party service provider, to be able to issue, track and accept these electronic tickets. If our
automated systems are not functioning or if our third-party service providers were to fail to adequately provide technical support, system maintenance or timely software upgrades for any one of our key existing systems, we could experience service
disruptions or delays, which could harm our business and result in the loss of important data, increase our expenses and decrease our revenues. In the event that one or more of our primary technology or systems vendors goes into bankruptcy, ceases
operations or fails to perform as promised, replacement services may not be readily available on a timely basis, at competitive rates or at all, and any transition time to a new system may be significant. 

Our automated systems cannot be completely protected against other events that are beyond our control, including natural
disasters, power failures, terrorist attacks, cyber-attacks, data theft, equipment and software failures, computer viruses or telecommunications failures. Substantial or sustained system failures could cause service delays or failures and result in
our customers purchasing tickets from other airlines. We cannot assure you that our security measures, change control procedures or disaster recovery plans are adequate to prevent disruptions or delays. Disruption in or changes to these systems
could result in a disruption to our business and the loss of important data. Any of the foregoing could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We face challenges in integrating our computer, communications and other technology systems. 

Among the principal risks of integrating our businesses and operations are the risks relating to integrating various
computer, communications and other technology systems that will be necessary to operate US Airways and American as a single airline and to achieve cost synergies by eliminating redundancies in the businesses. While we have to date successfully
integrated several of our systems, including our customer reservations system, we still have to complete several additional important system integration projects. The integration of these systems in a number of prior airline mergers has taken
longer, been more disruptive and cost more than originally forecast. The implementation process to integrate these various systems will involve a number of risks that could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial
condition. New systems will replace multiple legacy systems and the related implementation will be a complex and time-consuming project involving substantial expenditures for implementation consultants, system hardware, software and implementation
activities, as well as the transformation of business and financial processes. 

As with any large project,
there will be many factors that may materially affect the schedule, cost and execution of the integration of our computer, communications and other technology systems. These factors include, among others: problems during the design, implementation
and testing phases; systems delays and/or malfunctions; the risk that suppliers and contractors will not perform as required under their contracts; the diversion of management attention from daily operations to the project; reworks due to
unanticipated changes in business processes; challenges in simultaneously activating new systems throughout our global network; difficulty in training employees in the operations of new systems; the risk of security breach or disruption; and other
unexpected events beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our security measures, change control procedures or disaster recovery plans will be adequate to prevent disruptions or delays. Disruptions in or changes to these systems could result in
a disruption to our business and the loss of important data. Any of the foregoing could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

37 

Table of Contents

We are at risk of losses and adverse publicity stemming from any accident involving
any of our aircraft or the aircraft of our regional or codeshare operators. 

If one of our aircraft, an
aircraft that is operated under our brand by one of our regional operators, or an aircraft that is operated by an airline with which we have a marketing alliance or codeshare relationship were to be involved in an accident, incident or catastrophe,
we could be exposed to significant tort liability. The insurance we carry to cover damages arising from any future accidents may be inadequate. In the event that our insurance is not adequate, we may be forced to bear substantial losses from an
accident. In addition, any accident, incident or catastrophe involving an aircraft operated by us, operated under our brand by one of our regional operators or operated by one of our codeshare partners could create a public perception that our
aircraft or those of our regional operators or codeshare partners are not safe or reliable, which could harm our reputation, result in air travelers being reluctant to fly on our aircraft or those of our regional operators or codeshare partners, and
adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Delays in scheduled aircraft deliveries
or other loss of anticipated fleet capacity, and failure of new aircraft to perform as expected, may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The success of our business depends on, among other things, effectively managing the number and types of aircraft we
operate. In many cases, the aircraft we intend to operate are not yet in our fleet, but we have contractual commitments to purchase or lease them. If for any reason we were unable to accept or secure deliveries of new aircraft on contractually
scheduled delivery dates, this could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our failure to integrate newly purchased aircraft into our fleet as planned might require us to seek extensions of the terms
for some leased aircraft or otherwise delay the exit of certain aircraft from our fleet. Such unanticipated extensions or delays may require us to operate existing aircraft beyond the point at which it is economically optimal to retire them,
resulting in increased maintenance costs. If new aircraft orders are not filled on a timely basis, we could face higher operating costs than planned. In addition, if the aircraft we receive do not meet expected performance or quality standards,
including with respect to fuel efficiency and reliability, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 

We depend on a limited number of suppliers for aircraft, aircraft engines and parts. 

We depend on a limited number of suppliers for aircraft, aircraft engines and many aircraft and engine parts. As a result, we are vulnerable to any problems associated with the supply of those aircraft,
parts and engines, including design defects, mechanical problems, contractual performance by the suppliers, or adverse perception by the public that would result in customer avoidance or in actions by the FAA resulting in an inability to operate our
aircraft. 

Our business has been and will continue to be affected by many changing economic and other conditions beyond
our control, including global events that affect travel behavior, and our results of operations could be volatile and fluctuate due to seasonality. 

Our business, results of operations and financial condition has been and will continue to be affected by many changing economic and other conditions beyond our control, including, among others:

•

 actual or potential changes in international, national, regional, and local economic, business and financial conditions, including recession,
inflation, higher interest rates, wars, terrorist attacks, or political instability; 

•

 changes in consumer preferences, perceptions, spending patterns, or demographic trends; 

•

 changes in the competitive environment due to industry consolidation, changes in airline alliance affiliations, and other factors;

•

 actual or potential disruptions to the ATC systems; 

38 

Table of Contents

•

 increases in costs of safety, security, and environmental measures; 

•

 outbreaks of diseases that affect travel behavior; and 

•

 weather and natural disasters. 

In particular, an outbreak of a contagious disease such as Ebola virus, Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, H1N1 influenza virus, avian flu, Zika virus, or any other
similar illness, if it were to persist for an extended period, could materially affect the airline industry and us by reducing revenues and adversely impacting our operations and passengers’ travel behavior. As a result of these or other
conditions beyond our control, our results of operations could be volatile and subject to rapid and unexpected change. In addition, due to generally weaker demand for air travel during the winter, our revenues in the first and fourth quarters of the
year could be weaker than revenues in the second and third quarters of the year. 

A higher than normal number of pilot
retirements and a potential shortage of pilots could adversely affect us. 

We currently have a higher
than normal number of pilots eligible for retirement. Among other things, the extension of pilot careers facilitated by the FAA’s 2007 modification of the mandatory retirement age from age 60 to age 65 has now been fully implemented, resulting
in large numbers of pilots in the industry approaching the revised mandatory retirement age. If pilot retirements were to exceed normal levels in the future, it may adversely affect us and our regional partners. On January 4, 2014, more
stringent pilot flight and duty time requirements under Part 117 of the Federal Aviation Regulations took effect. In addition, in July 2013, the FAA issued regulations that increase the flight experience required for pilots working for airlines
certificated under Part 121 of the Federal Aviation Regulations. These and other factors have in the past and could in the future contribute to a shortage of qualified pilots, particularly for our regional partners, which now face increased
competition from large, mainline carriers to hire pilots to replace retiring pilots. If we or our regional partners are unable to hire adequate numbers of pilots, we may experience disruptions, increased costs of operations and other adverse
effects. 

Increases in insurance costs or reductions in insurance coverage may adversely impact our operations and
financial results. 

The terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 led to a significant increase in
insurance premiums and a decrease in the insurance coverage available to commercial air carriers. Accordingly, our insurance costs increased significantly, and our ability to continue to obtain insurance even at current prices remains uncertain. If
we are unable to maintain adequate insurance coverage, our business could be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, severe disruptions in the domestic and global financial markets could adversely impact the claims paying ability of some
insurers. Future downgrades in the ratings of enough insurers could adversely impact both the availability of appropriate insurance coverage and its cost. Because of competitive pressures in our industry, our ability to pass additional insurance
costs to passengers is limited. As a result, further increases in insurance costs or reductions in available insurance coverage could have an adverse impact on our financial results. 

We may be a party to litigation in the normal course of business or otherwise, which could affect our financial position and
liquidity. 

From time to time, we are a party to or otherwise involved in legal proceedings, claims and
government inspections or investigations and other legal matters, both inside and outside the United States, arising in the ordinary course of our business or otherwise. We are currently involved in various legal proceedings and claims that have not
yet been fully resolved and additional claims may arise in the future. Legal proceedings can be complex and take many months, or even years, to reach resolution, with the final outcome depending on a number of variables, some of which are not within
our control. Litigation is subject to significant uncertainty and may be expensive, time-consuming, and disruptive to our operations. Although we will vigorously defend 

39 

Table of Contents

ourselves in such legal proceedings, their ultimate resolution and potential financial and other impacts on us are uncertain. For these and other reasons, we may choose to settle legal
proceedings and claims, regardless of their actual merit. If a legal proceeding is resolved against us, it could result in significant compensatory damages, and in certain circumstances punitive or trebled damages, disgorgement of revenue or
profits, remedial corporate measures or injunctive relief imposed on us. If our existing insurance does not cover the amount or types of damages awarded, or if other resolution or actions taken as a result of the legal proceeding were to restrain
our ability to operate or market our services, our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In addition, legal proceedings, and any adverse resolution thereof, can result in adverse
publicity and damage to our reputation, which could adversely impact our business. Additional information regarding certain legal matters in which we are involved can be found in Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

Our ability to utilize our NOL Carryforwards may be limited. 

Under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), a corporation is generally allowed a deduction for net
operating losses (NOLs) carried over from prior taxable years (NOL Carryforwards). As of December 31, 2015, we had available NOL Carryforwards of approximately $8.0 billion for regular federal income tax purposes which will expire, if unused,
beginning in 2023, and approximately $4.0 billion for state income tax purposes which will expire, if unused, between 2016 and 2034. As of December 31, 2015, the amount of NOL Carryforwards for state income tax purposes that will expire, if
unused, in 2016 is $136 million. Our NOL Carryforwards are subject to adjustment on audit by the Internal Revenue Service and the respective state taxing authorities. 

A corporation’s ability to deduct its federal NOL Carryforwards and to utilize certain other available tax
attributes can be substantially constrained under the general annual limitation rules of Section 382 of the Code (Section 382) if it undergoes an “ownership change” as defined in Section 382 (generally where cumulative stock
ownership changes among material stockholders exceed 50 percent during a rolling three-year period). We experienced an ownership change in connection with our emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases and US Airways Group experienced an ownership change
in connection with the Merger. The general limitation rules for a debtor in a bankruptcy case are liberalized where the ownership change occurs upon emergence from bankruptcy. We elected to be covered by certain special rules for federal income tax
purposes that permitted approximately $9.0 billion (with $6.6 billion of unlimited NOL still remaining at December 31, 2015) of our federal NOL Carryforwards to be utilized without regard to the annual limitation generally imposed by
Section 382. If the special rules are determined not to apply, our ability to utilize such federal NOL Carryforwards may be subject to limitation. Substantially all of our remaining federal NOL Carryforwards (attributable to US Airways Group
and its subsidiaries) are subject to limitation under Section 382 as a result of the Merger; however, our ability to utilize such NOL Carryforwards is not anticipated to be effectively constrained as a result of such limitation. Similar
limitations may apply for state income tax purposes. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, an ownership change
subsequent to our emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases may severely limit or effectively eliminate our ability to utilize our NOL Carryforwards and other tax attributes. To reduce the risk of a potential adverse effect on our ability to utilize our
NOL Carryforwards, our Certificate of Incorporation contains transfer restrictions applicable to certain substantial stockholders. Although the purpose of these transfer restrictions is to prevent an ownership change from occurring, no assurance can
be given that such an ownership change will not occur, in which case our ability to utilize our NOL Carryforwards and other tax attributes could be severely limited or effectively eliminated. 

Our ability to use our NOL Carryforwards also will depend on the amount of taxable income generated in future periods.
The NOL Carryforwards may expire before we can generate sufficient taxable income to use them. 

40 

Table of Contents

The application of the acquisition method of accounting resulted in AAG and American
recording a significant amount of goodwill, which is tested for impairment at least annually. In addition, AAG and American may never realize the full value of their respective intangible assets or long-lived assets, causing them to record material
impairment charges. 

In accordance with applicable acquisition accounting rules, AAG and American
recorded goodwill on their respective consolidated balance sheets to the extent the acquisition purchase price of US Airways Group and US Airways, respectively, exceeded the net fair value of the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities as of
the applicable acquisition date. Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment at least annually. Also, in accordance with applicable accounting standards, AAG and American will be required to test their respective indefinite-lived
intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if conditions indicate that an impairment may have occurred. In addition, AAG and American are required to test certain of their other long-lived assets for impairment if
conditions indicate that an impairment may have occurred. 

Future impairment of goodwill or other long-lived
assets could be recorded in results of operations as a result of changes in assumptions, estimates, or circumstances, some of which are beyond our control. Factors which could result in an impairment could include, but are not limited to:
(i) reduced passenger demand as a result of domestic or global economic conditions; (ii) higher prices for jet fuel; (iii) lower fares or passenger yields as a result of increased competition or lower demand; (iv) a significant
increase in future capital expenditure commitments; and (v) significant disruptions to our operations as a result of both internal and external events such as terrorist activities, actual or threatened war, labor actions by employees, or
further industry regulation. There can be no assurance that a material impairment charge of goodwill or tangible or intangible assets will be avoided. The value of our aircraft could be impacted in future periods by changes in supply and demand for
these aircraft. Such changes in supply and demand for certain aircraft types could result from grounding of aircraft by us or other airlines. An impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

Risks Relating to AAG’s Common Stock 

The price of our common stock has recently been and may in the future be volatile. 

The market price of AAG Common Stock may fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our
control, including: 

•

 AAG’s operating and financial results failing to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors; 

•

 changes in financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; 

•

 material announcements by us or our competitors; 

•

 movements in fuel prices; 

•

 expectations regarding our capital deployment program, including our share repurchase program and any future dividend payments that may be declared
by our Board of Directors; 

•

 new regulatory pronouncements and changes in regulatory guidelines; 

•

 general and industry-specific economic conditions; 

•

 the success or failure of AAG’s integration efforts; 

•

 changes in our key personnel; 

•

 distributions of shares of AAG Common Stock pursuant to the Plan, including distributions from the Disputed Claims Reserve established under the
plan of reorganization upon the resolution of the underlying claims; 

•

 public sales of a substantial number of shares of AAG Common Stock or issuances of AAG Common Stock upon the exercise or conversion of convertible
securities, options, warrants, RSUs, SARs, or similar rights; 

41 

Table of Contents

•

 increases or decreases in reported holdings by insiders or other significant stockholders; 

•

 fluctuations in trading volume; and 

•

 changes in market values of airline companies as well as general market conditions. 

We cannot guarantee that we will repurchase our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program or continue to pay dividends
on our common stock or that our capital deployment program will enhance long-term stockholder value. Our capital deployment program could increase the volatility of the price of our common stock and diminish our cash reserves. 

Since July 2014, as part of our capital deployment program, our Board of Directors has approved several share repurchase
programs aggregating $7.0 billion of authority of which, as of December 31, 2015, $2.4 billion remained unused under repurchase programs which are to be completed no later than December 31, 2016. Share repurchases under the repurchase
programs may be made through a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block trades or accelerated share repurchase transactions. These share repurchase programs do not obligate us to acquire
any specific number of shares or to repurchase any specific number of shares for any fixed period, and may be suspended at any time at our discretion. The timing and amount of repurchases, if any, will be subject to market and economic conditions,
applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. The repurchase program may be limited, suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 

Although our Board of Directors commenced declaring quarterly cash dividends in July 2014 as part of our capital deployment program, any future dividends that may be declared and paid from time to time
under our capital deployment program will be subject to market and economic conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. Our capital deployment program does not obligate us to continue a dividend for any fixed period, and
payment of dividends may be suspended at any time at our discretion. We will continue to retain future earnings to develop our business, as opportunities arise, and evaluate on a quarterly basis the amount and timing of future dividends based on our
operating results, financial condition, capital requirements and general business conditions. The amount and timing of any future dividends may vary, and the payment of any dividend does not assure that we will be able to pay dividends in the
future. 

In addition, repurchases of AAG Common Stock pursuant to our share repurchase program and any future
dividends could affect our stock price and increase its volatility. The existence of a share repurchase program and any future dividends could cause our stock price to be higher than it would otherwise be and could potentially reduce the market
liquidity for our stock. Additionally, our share repurchase program and any future dividends will diminish our cash reserves, which may impact our ability to finance future growth and to pursue possible future strategic opportunities and
acquisitions. Further, our share repurchase program may fluctuate such that our cash flow may be insufficient to fully cover our share repurchases. Although our share repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, there is no
assurance that it will do so because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of stock and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program’s effectiveness. 

Certain provisions of AAG’s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws make it difficult for stockholders to change the
composition of our Board of Directors and may discourage takeover attempts that some of our stockholders might consider beneficial. 

Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Certificate of Incorporation) and Amended and Restated Bylaws (Bylaws) may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control if
our Board of Directors determines that such changes in control are not in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. These provisions include, among other things, the following: 

•

 advance notice procedures for stockholder proposals to be considered at stockholders’ meetings; 

42 

Table of Contents

•

 the ability of our Board of Directors to fill vacancies on the board; 

•

 a prohibition against stockholders taking action by written consent; 

•

 a prohibition against stockholders calling special meetings of stockholders; 

•

 a requirement that holders of at least 80% of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors approve any amendment of
our Bylaws submitted to stockholders for approval; and 

•

 super-majority voting requirements to modify or amend specified provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation. 

These provisions are not intended to prevent a takeover, but are intended to protect and maximize the value of the
interests of our stockholders. While these provisions have the effect of encouraging persons seeking to acquire control of our company to negotiate with our Board of Directors, they could enable our Board of Directors to prevent a transaction that
some, or a majority, of our stockholders might believe to be in their best interests and, in that case, may prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors. In addition, we are subject to the provisions of Section 203
of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits business combinations with interested stockholders. Interested stockholders do not include stockholders whose acquisition of our securities is approved by the Board of Directors prior to the
investment under Section 203. 

AAG’s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws include provisions that limit
voting and acquisition and disposition of our equity interests. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation and
Bylaws include certain provisions that limit voting and ownership and disposition of our equity interests, including AAG Common Stock, AAG Series A Preferred Stock and convertible notes. These restrictions may adversely affect the ability of certain
holders of AAG Common Stock and our other equity interests to vote such interests and adversely affect the ability of persons to acquire shares of AAG Common Stock and our other equity interests. 

In order to protect AAG’s NOL Carryforwards and certain other tax attributes, AAG’s Certificate of Incorporation includes
certain limitations on acquisitions and dispositions of AAG’s Common Stock, which may limit the liquidity of our common stock. 

To reduce the risk of a potential adverse effect on our ability to use our NOL Carryforwards and certain other tax attributes for federal income tax purposes, our Certificate of Incorporation contains
certain restrictions on the acquisition and disposition of AAG Common Stock by substantial stockholders. These restrictions may adversely affect the ability of certain holders of AAG Common Stock to dispose of or acquire shares of AAG Common Stock.
Although the purpose of these transfer restrictions is to prevent an “ownership change” (as defined in Section 382) from occurring, no assurance can be given that an ownership change will not occur even with these restrictions in
place. 

The historical consolidated financial information contained in this report is not directly comparable to our
financial information for prior or future periods
. 

A number of factors render our
historical consolidated financial information not directly comparable to our financial information for prior or future periods, including: 

•

 because the Merger was completed on December 9, 2013, AAG’s 2013 consolidated results of operations include the results of US Airways
Group and its subsidiaries for only 23 days of 2013; 

•

 the Merger was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting with AAG as the acquiring entity, resulting in an adjustment to the carrying
values of the assets and liabilities of US Airways Group compared to its historical carrying values; and 

43 

Table of Contents

•

 during the course of our Chapter 11 Cases and in connection with our emergence from Chapter 11 and the effectiveness of the Plan, we recorded
material expenses, charges, costs and other accounting entries related to our restructuring process, many of which generally had not been incurred in the past and are not expected to be incurred in the future. 

Due to these and other factors largely related to the Merger and the Plan, investors are cautioned as to the limitations
of our historical financial statements and urged to review carefully Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.