Because of the following
factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company’s operating results and
financial condition, past financial performance should not be considered to be
a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use
historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods.

The matters relating to the investigation by the
Special Committee of the Board of Directors and the restatement of the Company’s
consolidated financial statements may result in additional litigation and governmental
enforcement actions.

On June 29, 2006, the Company announced that an
internal review had discovered irregularities related to the issuance of
certain stock option grants made between 1997 and 2001, including a grant to
its Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), Steve Jobs. The Company also announced a
Special Committee of outside directors (“Special Committee”) had been formed
and had hired independent counsel to conduct a full investigation of the
Company’s past stock option granting practices. As described in the
Explanatory Note immediately preceding Part I, Item 1, and in Note 2 “Restatement
of Consolidated Financial Statements” in Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements in this Form 10-K, as a result of the internal review and
independent investigation, management has concluded, and the Audit and Finance
Committee agrees, that incorrect measurement dates were used for financial
accounting purposes for stock option grants made in 

20

certain prior periods. As a result, the Company has
recorded additional non-cash stock-based compensation expense, and related tax
effects, with regard to certain past stock option grants, and the Company has restated
certain previously filed financial statements included in this Form 10-K.

The internal review, the independent investigation,
and related activities have required the Company to incur substantial expenses
for legal, accounting, tax and other professional services, have diverted
management’s attention from the Company’s business, and could in the future harm
its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

While the Company believes it has made appropriate
judgments in determining the correct measurement dates for its stock option
grants, the SEC may disagree with the manner in which the Company has accounted
for and reported, or not reported, the financial impact. Accordingly, there is
a risk the Company may have to further restate its prior financial statements,
amend prior filings with the SEC, or take other actions not currently
contemplated.

The Company’s past stock option granting practices and
the restatement of prior financial statements have exposed the Company to
greater risks associated with litigation, regulatory proceedings and government
enforcement actions. As described in Part I, Item 3, “Legal Proceedings”,
several derivative complaints and a class action complaint have been filed in
state and federal courts against the Company’s directors and certain of its
executive officers pertaining to allegations relating to stock option grants.
The Company has provided the results of its internal review and independent
investigation to the SEC and the United States Attorney’s Office for the
Northern District of California, and in that regard the Company has responded
to informal requests for documents and additional information. The Company
intends to continue full cooperation. No assurance can be given regarding the
outcomes from litigation, regulatory proceedings or government enforcement
actions relating to the Company’s past stock option practices. The resolution
of these matters will be time consuming, expensive, and will distract
management from the conduct of the Company’s business. Furthermore, if the
Company is subject to adverse findings in litigation, regulatory proceedings or
government enforcement actions, the Company could be required to pay damages or
penalties or have other remedies imposed, which could harm its business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

In August 2006, the
Company received a NASDAQ Staff Determination letter stating that, as a result
of the delayed filing of the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended July 1, 2006 (the “Third Quarter Form 10-Q”), the Company
was not in compliance with the filing requirements for continued listing as set
forth in Marketplace Rule 4310(c)(14) and was therefore subject to
delisting from the NASDAQ Stock Market. On October 24, 2006, the
NASDAQ Listing Qualifications Panel granted the Company’s request for continued
listing, subject to the Company filing the Third Quarter Form 10-Q,
and any required restatements, with the SEC by December 29, 2006. On December 29,
2006, the Company filed the Third Quarter Form 10-Q with the SEC. With
the filing of this Form 10-K, the Company believes that it has
remedied its non-compliance with Marketplace Rule 4310(c)(14), subject to
NASDAQ’s affirmative completion of its compliance protocols and its
notification of the Company accordingly. However, if the SEC disagrees with the
manner in which the Company has accounted for and reported, or not reported,
the financial impact of past stock option grants, there could be further delays
in filing subsequent SEC reports that might result in delisting of the Company’s
common stock from the NASDAQ Global Select Market.

Unfavorable results
of legal proceedings could adversely affect the Company’s results of
operations.

The Company is subject to
various legal proceedings and claims that are discussed in Part I, Item 3
of this Form 10-K. The Company is also subject to certain other
legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of
business and which have not been fully adjudicated. Results of legal
proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. In addition, litigation may be
disruptive to the Company’s normal 

21

business operations. Should
the Company fail to prevail in certain legal matters, the Company’s financial
condition, liquidity, or results of operations could be adversely affected.

Economic conditions and political events could
adversely affect the demand for the Company’s products and the financial health
of its suppliers, distributors, and resellers.

The Company’s operating
performance depends significantly on economic conditions in the U.S. and
abroad. At times in the past, demand for the Company’s products has been
negatively impacted by difficult global economic conditions. Uncertainty about
future economic conditions makes it difficult to forecast future demand for the
Company’s products and related operating results. Should global and/or regional
economic conditions deteriorate, demand for the Company’s products could be
adversely affected, as could the financial health of its suppliers,
distributors, and resellers.

War, terrorism, public health issues, and other
circumstances could disrupt supply, delivery, or demand of products, which
could negatively affect the Company’s operations and performance.

War, terrorism, public health issues, and other
business interruptions, whether in the U.S. or abroad, have caused and could
cause damage or disruption to international commerce
and global economy, and thus may have a strong negative impact on the global
economy, the Company, and the Company’s suppliers or customers. The
Company’s major business operations are subject to interruption by earthquake,
other natural disasters, fire, power shortages, terrorist attacks and other
hostile acts, labor disputes, public health issues, and other events beyond its
control. The majority of the Company’s research and development activities, its
corporate headquarters, information technology systems, and other critical
business operations, including certain component suppliers and manufacturing
vendors, are located near major seismic faults. Because the Company does not
carry earthquake insurance for direct quake-related losses, the Company’s
operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected in the event of a major earthquake or other natural or man-made
disaster.

Although it is impossible
to predict the occurrences or consequences of any such events, such events
could result in a decrease in demand for the Company’s products, make it
difficult or impossible for the Company to deliver products to its customers or
to receive components from its suppliers, and create delays and inefficiencies
in the Company’s supply chain. In addition, should major public health issues
including pandemics arise, the Company could be negatively affected by more
stringent employee travel restrictions, additional limitations in the
availability of freight services, governmental actions limiting the movement of
products between various regions, delays in production ramps of new products,
and disruptions in the operations of the Company’s manufacturing vendors and
component suppliers. The Company’s operating results and financial condition
have been, and in the future may be, adversely affected by such events.

The market for personal computers and related
peripherals and services, as well as digital music devices and related
services, is highly competitive. If the Company is unable to effectively
compete in these markets, its results of operations could be adversely affected.

The personal computer industry is highly competitive
and is characterized by aggressive pricing practices, downward pressure on
gross margins, frequent introduction of new products, short product life
cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in product
price/performance characteristics, rapid adoption of technological and product
advancements by competitors, price sensitivity on the part of consumers, and a
large number of competitors. Price competition in the market for personal computers
and related peripherals has been particularly intense as competitors who sell
Windows and Linux based personal computers have aggressively cut prices and
lowered their product margins for personal computing products. The Company’s
results of operations and financial condition have been, and in the future may
continue to be, adversely affected by these and other industry-wide pricing
pressures and downward pressures on gross margins.

22

The personal computer industry has also been
characterized by rapid technological advances in software functionality,
hardware performance, and features based on existing or emerging industry
standards. Further, as the personal computer industry and its customers place
more reliance on the Internet, an increasing number of Internet devices that
are smaller and simpler than traditional personal computers may compete for
market share with the Company’s existing products. Several competitors of the
Company have targeted certain of the Company’s key market segments, including
consumer, education, professional and consumer digital video editing, and
design and publishing. Several of the Company’s competitors have introduced
digital music products and/or online stores offering digital music distribution
that mimic many of the unique design, technical features, and solutions of the
Company’s products. The Company has a significant number of competitors, many
of whom have broader product lines and larger installed customer bases than
those of the Company. Additionally, there has been a trend towards
consolidation in the personal computer industry that has resulted in larger and
potentially stronger competitors in the Company’s markets.

The Company is currently the only maker of hardware
using the Mac OS. The Mac OS has a minority market share in the personal
computer market, which is dominated by makers of computers utilizing competing
operating systems, including Windows and Linux. The Company’s future operating
results and financial condition are substantially dependent on its ability to
continue to develop improvements to the Macintosh platform to maintain
perceived design and functional advantages over competing platforms. Additionally,
if unauthorized copies of the Mac OS are used on other companies’ hardware
products and result in decreased demand for the Company’s hardware products,
the Company’s results of operations may be adversely affected.

The Company is currently focused on market
opportunities related to digital music distribution and related consumer
electronic devices, including iPods. The Company faces significant competition
from other companies promoting their own digital music products including MP3
players, music enabled cell phones, free peer-to-peer music and video services,
and free streaming of digital content via the Internet. These competitors
include both new entrants with different market approaches, such as
subscription services models, and also larger companies that may have
significant technical, marketing, distribution, and other resources, as well as
established hardware, software, and digital content supplier relationships.
Failure to effectively compete could negatively affect the Company’s operating
results and financial position. The Company expects competition in this space
to intensify as competitors attempt to imitate the Company’s approach to
tightly integrating these components within their individual offerings or work
more collaboratively with each other to offer solutions that are more
integrated than those they offer currently. Some of these current and potential
competitors have substantial resources and may be able to provide such products
and services at little or no profit or even at a loss to compete with the
Company’s offerings. There can be no assurance the Company will be able to
continue to provide products and services that effectively compete in these
markets. The Company may also have to respond to price competition by lowering
prices and/or increasing features which could adversely affect the Company’s
music product gross margins as well as overall Company gross margins.

The Company also faces
significant competition in the U.S. education market. U.S. elementary and
secondary schools, as well as college and university customers, remain a core
market for the Company. In an effort to gain market share and remain
competitive, the Company will continue to pursue one-to-one (1:1) learning
solutions in education. 1:1 learning
solutions
 typically consist of a
portable computer for every student and teacher along with the installation of
a wireless network
. These 1:1
learning solutions and other strategic sales are generally priced more
aggressively and could result in significantly less profitability or financial
losses, particularly for larger deals. Although the Company believes it has
taken certain steps to strengthen its position in the education market, there
can be no assurance that the Company will be able to increase or maintain its
share of the education market or execute profitably on large strategic 

23

arrangements. Failure to
do so may have an adverse impact on the Company’s operating results and
financial condition.

Future operating results are dependent upon the
Company’s ability to obtain a sufficient supply of components, including
microprocessors, some of which are in short supply or available only from
limited sources.

Although most components
essential to the Company’s business are generally available from multiple
sources, certain key components including microprocessors and ASICs are
currently obtained by the Company from single or limited sources. Some key
components (including without limitation DRAM, NAND flash-memory, and TFT-LCD
flat-panel displays), while currently available to the Company from multiple
sources, are at times subject to industry-wide availability and pricing pressures.
In addition, new products introduced by the Company often initially utilize
custom components obtained from only one source until the Company has evaluated
whether there is a need for, and subsequently qualifies, additional suppliers.
In situations where a component or product utilizes new technologies, initial
capacity constraints may exist until such time as the suppliers’ yields have
matured. The Company and other producers in the personal computer and consumer
electronics industries also compete for various components with other
industries that have experienced increased demand for their products. The
Company uses some components that are not common to the rest of the personal
computer or consumer electronics industries. Continued availability of these
components may be affected if producers decided to concentrate on the
production of components other than those customized to meet the Company’s
requirements. If the supply of a key component were delayed or constrained on a
new or existing product, the Company’s results of operations and financial
condition could be adversely affected.

The Company must successfully manage frequent product
introductions and transitions to remain competitive and effectively stimulate
customer demand.

Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature of
the personal computer and consumer electronics industries, which are
characterized by dynamic customer demand patterns and rapid technological
advances, the Company must continually introduce new products and technologies,
enhance existing products to remain competitive, and effectively stimulate
customer demand for new products and upgraded versions of the Company’s
existing products. The success of new product introductions is dependent on a
number of factors, including market acceptance; the Company’s ability to manage
the risks associated with product transitions, including the transition to
Intel-based Macintosh computers, and production ramp issues; the availability
of application software for new products; the effective management of purchase
commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand; the
availability of products in appropriate quantities and costs to meet
anticipated demand; and the risk that new products may have quality or other
defects in the early stages of introduction. Accordingly, the Company cannot
determine in advance the ultimate effect new products will have on its sales or
results of operations.

In June 2005, the
Company announced its plan to begin using Intel microprocessors in its
computers. During 2006, the Company introduced new Intel-based models of the
MacBook Pro, MacBook, Mac Pro, iMac, and Mac mini computers. The Company’s
transition to Intel microprocessors for Macintosh systems was completed in August 2006,
and its transition for Xserve was completed in November 2006. This
transition has been and will continue to be subject to numerous risks and
uncertainties including the timely innovation and delivery of related hardware
and software products to support Intel microprocessors, market acceptance of
Intel-based Macintosh computers, and the development and availability on
acceptable terms of components and services essential to enable the Company to
timely deliver Intel-based Macintosh computers. In addition, the Company is
dependent on third-party software developers such as Microsoft and Adobe to
timely develop current and future applications that run on Intel-based
Macintosh computers. Universal versions of Microsoft Office and Adobe’s
Creative Suite applications are not currently available. Additionally,
there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to maintain its 

24

historical gross margin
percentages on its products, including Intel-based Macintosh computers, which
may adversely impact the Company’s results of operations.

The Company’s products from time to time experience
quality problems that can result in decreased net sales and operating profits.

The Company sells highly
complex hardware and software products that can contain defects in design and
manufacture. Sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as
those sold by the Company, often contain “bugs” that can unexpectedly interfere
with the operation of the software. Defects may also occur in components and
products the Company purchases from third-parties. There can be no assurance
that the Company will be able to detect and fix all defects in the hardware and
software it sells. Failure to do so could result in lost revenue, loss of
reputation, and significant warranty and other expense to remedy.

Because orders for components, and in some cases
commitments to purchase components, must be placed in advance of customer
orders, the Company faces substantial inventory risk.

The Company records a write-down for inventories of
components and products that have become obsolete or are in excess of
anticipated demand or net realizable value and accrues necessary reserves for
cancellation fees for orders of products and components that have been
cancelled. Although the Company believes its inventory and related provisions
are currently adequate, given the rapid and unpredictable pace of product
obsolescence in the computer and consumer electronics industries and the
transition to Intel-based Macintosh computers, no assurance can be given that
the Company will not incur additional inventory and related charges. In
addition, such charges have had, and may have, a material effect on the Company’s
financial position and results of operations.

The Company must order
components for its products and build inventory in advance of product
shipments. Because the Company’s markets are volatile and subject to rapid
technology and price changes, and because of the transition to Intel-based
Macintosh computers, there is a risk the Company will forecast incorrectly and
produce or order from third parties excess or insufficient inventories of
particular products. Consistent with industry practice, components are normally
acquired through a combination of purchase orders, supplier contracts, and open
orders based on projected demand information. Such purchase commitments
typically cover the Company’s forecasted component and manufacturing
requirements for periods ranging from 30 to 150 days. The Company’s operating
results and financial condition have been in the past and may in the future be
materially adversely affected by the Company’s ability to manage its inventory
levels and respond to short-term shifts in customer demand patterns.

The Company is dependent on manufacturing and
logistics services provided by third parties, many of whom are located outside
of the U.S.

Most of the Company’s products are manufactured in
whole or in part by third-party manufacturers. In addition, the Company has
outsourced much of its transportation and logistics management. While outsourcing
arrangements may lower the cost of operations, they also reduce the Company’s
direct control over production and distribution. It is uncertain what effect
such diminished control will have on the quality or quantity of the products
manufactured or services rendered, or the flexibility of the Company to respond
to changing market conditions. In addition, the Company is reliant on
third-party manufacturers to adhere to the Company’s supplier code of conduct. Moreover,
although arrangements with such manufacturers may contain provisions for
warranty expense reimbursement, the Company may remain at least initially
responsible to the consumer for warranty service in the event of product
defects. Any unanticipated product defect or warranty liability, whether
pursuant to arrangements with contract manufacturers or otherwise, could
adversely affect the Company’s future operating results and financial
condition.

25

Final assembly of products
sold by the Company is currently performed in the Company’s manufacturing
facility in Cork, Ireland, and by external vendors in Fremont, California;
Fullerton, California; Taiwan; the Republic of Korea; the People’s Republic of
China; and the Czech Republic. Currently, manufacturing of many of the
components used in the Company’s products is performed by third-party vendors
in Taiwan, China, Japan, Korea, and Singapore. Final assembly of substantially
all of the Company’s portable products, including MacBook Pros, MacBooks, and
iPods, is performed by third-party vendors in China. If for any reason
manufacturing or logistics in any of these locations is disrupted by regional
economic, business, labor, environmental, public health, or political issues,
or due to information technology system failures or military actions, the Company’s
results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

The Company’s future operating performance is
dependent on the performance of distributors and other resellers of the Company’s
products.

The Company distributes its products through
wholesalers, resellers, national and regional retailers, and cataloguers, many
of whom distribute products from competing manufacturers. In addition, the
Company sells many of its products and resells certain third-party products in
most of its major markets directly to end-users, certain education customers,
and certain resellers through its online stores around the world and its retail
stores. Many of the Company’s resellers operate on narrow product margins and
have been negatively impacted in the past by weak economic conditions.
Considerable trade receivables that are not covered by collateral or credit
insurance are outstanding with the Company’s distribution and retail channel
partners. The Company’s business and financial results could be adversely
affected if the financial condition of these resellers weakens, if resellers
within consumer channels were to cease distribution of the Company’s products,
or if uncertainty regarding demand for the Company’s products caused resellers
to reduce their ordering and marketing of the Company’s products. The Company
has invested and will continue to invest in various programs to enhance
reseller sales, including staffing selected resellers’ stores with Company
employees and contractors. These programs could require a substantial
investment from the Company, while providing no assurance of return or
incremental revenue to offset this investment.

Over the past several
years, an increasing proportion of the Company’s net sales have been made by
the Company directly to end-users through its online stores around the world
and through its retail stores in the U.S., Canada, Japan, and the U.K. Some of
the Company’s resellers have perceived this expansion of the Company’s direct
sales as conflicting with their own businesses and economic interests as
distributors and resellers of the Company’s products. Perception of such a
conflict could discourage the Company’s resellers from investing additional
resources in the distribution and sale of the Company’s products or lead them
to limit or cease distribution of the Company’s products. The Company’s
business and financial results could be adversely affected if expansion of its
direct sales to end-users causes some or all of its resellers to cease or limit
distribution of the Company’s products.

The Company relies
on third-party digital content, which may not be available to the Company on
commercially reasonable terms or at all.

The Company contracts with third parties to offer
their digital content to customers through the Company’s iTunes Store. The
Company pays substantial fees to obtain the rights to offer to its customers
this third-party digital content. The Company’s licensing arrangements with
these third-party content providers are short-term in nature and do not guarantee
the future renewal of these arrangements at commercially reasonable terms, if
at all. Certain parties in the music industry have consolidated and formed
alliances, which could limit the availability and increase the fees required to
offer digital content to customers through the iTunes Store. Some third-party
content providers currently or may in the future offer music products and
services that compete with the Company’s music products and services, and could
take action to make it more difficult or impossible for the Company to license
their digital content in the future. Further, other distributors of third-party
content or third-party content owners may seek to limit 

26

the Company’s access to or increase the total cost of
such content. If the Company is unable to continue to offer a wide variety of
digital content at reasonable prices with acceptable usage rules, or continue
to expand its geographic reach outside the U.S., then sales and gross margins
of the Company’s iTunes Store, as well as related hardware and peripherals,
including iPods, may be adversely affected.

Third-party content
providers and artists require that the Company provide certain digital rights
management (“DRM”) solutions and other security mechanisms. If the requirements
from content providers or artists change, then the Company may be required to
further develop or license technology to address such new rights and
requirements. In addition, certain countries have passed legislation or may
propose legislation that would force the Company to license its DRM solutions
so that content would be interoperable with competitor devices, which could
lessen the protection of content subjecting it to piracy and could affect
arrangements with the Company’s content suppliers. There is no assurance the
Company will be able to develop or license such solutions at a reasonable cost
and in a timely manner, if at all, which could have a materially adverse effect
on the Company’s operating results and financial position.

The Company’s future performance is dependent upon
support from third-party software developers. If third-party software
applications cease to be developed or available for the Company’s hardware
products, then customers may choose not to buy the Company’s products.

The Company believes decisions by customers to
purchase the Company’s personal computers, as opposed to Windows-based
systems, are often based on the availability of third-party software
applications such as Microsoft Office. The Company also believes the
availability of third-party application software for the Company’s
hardware products depends in part on third-party developers’ perception
and analysis of the relative benefits of developing, maintaining, and upgrading
such software for the Company’s products versus software for the larger Windows
market or growing Linux market. This analysis may be based on factors such as
the perceived strength of the Company and its products, the anticipated
potential revenue that may be generated, continued acceptance by customers of Mac
OS X, and the costs of developing such software products. To the extent the
minority market share held by the Company in the personal computer market has
caused software developers to question the Company’s prospects in the personal
computer market, developers could be less inclined to develop new application
software or upgrade existing software for the Company’s products and more
inclined to devote their resources to developing and upgrading software for the
larger Windows market or growing Linux market. The Company’s recent
announcement that it plans to add a feature to the next version of Mac OS X
that will enable Intel-based Macintosh systems to run Windows XP may deter
developers from creating software applications for Mac OS X if such
applications are available for the Windows platform. Moreover, there can be no
assurance software developers will continue to develop software for Mac OS X on
a timely basis or at all.

In June 2005, the Company announced its plan to
begin using Intel microprocessors in its computers. During 2006, the Company
introduced new Intel-based models of the MacBook Pro, MacBook, Mac Pro, iMac,
and Mac mini computers. The Company’s transition to Intel microprocessors for
Macintosh systems was completed in August 2006, and its transition for
Xserve was completed in November 2006. The Company depends on third-party
software developers to timely develop current and future applications that run
on Intel microprocessors. Universal versions of Microsoft Office and Adobe’s
Creative Suite applications are not currently available. The lack of
applications that run on Intel-based Macintosh systems, including Microsoft
Office and Adobe Creative Suite, could have a materially adverse effect on the
Company’s operating results and financial position.

In addition, past and
future development by the Company of its own software applications and
solutions may negatively impact the decision of software developers, such as
Microsoft and Adobe, to develop, maintain, and upgrade similar or competitive software
for the Company’s products. The Company currently markets and sells a variety
of software applications for use by professionals, consumers, and education
customers that could influence the decisions of third-party software developers
to develop or 

27

upgrade
Macintosh-compatible software products. Software applications currently
marketed by the Company include software for professional film and video
editing, professional compositing and visual effects for large format film and
video productions, professional music production and music post production,
professional and consumer DVD encoding and authoring, professional digital
photo editing and workflow management, consumer digital video and digital photo
editing and management, digital music management, desktop-based database
management, word processing, and high-quality presentations. Discontinuance of
third-party software products for the Macintosh platform could have an adverse
effect on the Company’s net sales and results of operations.

The Company’s business relies on access to patents and
intellectual property obtained from third parties, and the Company’s future
results could be adversely affected if it is alleged or found to have infringed
on the intellectual property rights of others.

Many of the Company’s products are designed to include
intellectual property obtained from third parties. While it may be necessary in
the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of its
products and business methods, the Company believes that based upon past
experience and industry practice, such licenses generally could be obtained on
commercially reasonable terms. However, there can be no assurance that the
necessary licenses would be available or available on acceptable terms.

Because of technological
changes in the computer and consumer electronics industries, current extensive
patent coverage, and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is possible
certain components of the Company’s products and business methods may
unknowingly infringe existing patents of others. The Company has from time to
time been notified that it may be infringing certain patents or other
intellectual property rights of others. Responding to such claims, regardless
of their merit, can be time-consuming, result in significant expenses, and
cause the diversion of management and technical personnel. Several pending
claims are in various stages of evaluation. The Company may consider the
desirability of entering into licensing agreements in certain of these cases.
However, no assurance can be given that such licenses can be obtained on
acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. In the event there is a
temporary or permanent injunction entered prohibiting the Company from
marketing or selling certain of its products or a successful claim of
infringement against the Company requiring it to pay royalties to a
third-party, the Company’s future operating results and financial condition
could be adversely affected. Information regarding certain claims and
litigation involving the Company related to alleged patent infringement and
other matters is set forth in Part I, Item 3 of this Form 10-K.
In the opinion of management, the Company does not have a potential liability
for damages or royalties from any current legal proceedings or claims related
to the infringement of patent or other intellectual property rights of others
that would individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on
its results of operations or financial condition. However, the results of such
legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Should the Company fail
to prevail in any of the matters related to infringement of patent or other
intellectual property rights of others described in Part I, Item 3 of this
Form 10-K or should several of these matters be resolved against the
Company in the same reporting period, the operating results of a particular
reporting period could be materially adversely affected.

The Company’s retail initiative has required and will
continue to require a substantial investment and commitment of resources and is
subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.

Through September 30, 2006, the Company had
opened 165 retail stores. The Company’s retail initiative has required
substantial investment in equipment and leasehold improvements, information
systems, inventory, and personnel. The Company has also entered into
substantial operating lease commitments for retail space with lease terms
ranging from 5 to 20 years, the majority of which are for 10 years. The Company
could incur substantial costs should it choose to terminate these commitments
or close individual stores. Such costs could adversely affect the Company’s
results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, a relatively high
proportion of the Retail segment’s costs are fixed because of personnel costs, 

28

depreciation of store construction costs, and lease
expense. As a result, significant losses would result should the Retail segment
experience a significant decline in sales for any reason.

Certain of the Company’s stores
have been designed and built to serve as high-profile venues that function
as vehicles for general corporate marketing, corporate events, and brand
awareness. Because of their unique design elements, locations and size, these
stores require substantially more investment in 
equipment and leasehold improvements than the Company’s more typical
retail stores. The Company has opened eight such stores through September 2006.
Because of their location and size, these high-profile stores also require the
Company to enter into substantially larger operating lease commitments compared
to those required for its more typical stores. Current leases on such locations
have terms ranging from 10 to 14 years with total remaining commitments per location
ranging from $4 million to $33 million. Closure or poor performance of one of
these high-profile stores could have a significant negative impact on the
Company’s results of operations and financial condition.

Many of the general risks
and uncertainties the Company faces could also have an adverse impact on its
Retail segment. Also, many factors unique to retail operations present risks and uncertainties, some of which
are beyond the Company’s control, that could adversely affect the Retail
segment’s future results, cause its actual results to differ from those
currently expected, and/or have an adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated
results of operations. Potential risks and uncertainties unique to retail
operations that could have an adverse impact on the Retail segment include,
among other things, macro-economic factors that have a negative impact on
general retail activity; inability to manage costs associated with store
construction and operation; inability to sell third-party hardware and software
products at adequate margins; failure to manage relationships with existing
retail channel partners; lack of experience in managing retail operations
outside the U.S.; costs associated with unanticipated fluctuations in the value
of Apple-branded and third-party retail inventory; and inability to obtain and
renew leases in quality retail locations at a reasonable cost.

Investment in new business strategies and initiatives
could disrupt the Company’s ongoing business and may present risks not originally
contemplated.

The Company has and may in
the future invest in new business strategies or engage in acquisitions that
complement the Company’s strategic direction and product roadmap. Such
endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including
distraction of management’s attention away from current business operations;
insufficient revenue generation to offset liabilities assumed and expenses
associated with the strategy; and unidentified issues not discovered in the
Company’s due diligence process. Because these new ventures are inherently
risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and initiatives will be
successful and will not materially adversely affect the Company’s business,
operating results or financial condition.

Declines in the sales of the Company’s professional
products, software, accessories, or service and support contracts, or increases
in sales of consumer products, including iPods, may negatively impact the
Company’s gross margin and operating margin percentages.

The Company’s professional products, including MacBook
Pro and Mac Pro systems, software, accessories, and service and support
contracts, generally have higher gross margins than the Company’s consumer
products, including the iMac, Mac mini, MacBook, iPod, and content from the
iTunes Store. A shift in sales mix away from higher margin professional
products towards lower margin consumer products could adversely affect the
Company’s future gross margin and operating margin percentages. The Company’s
traditional professional customers may choose to buy consumer products,
specifically the iMac and MacBook, instead of professional products.
Professional users may choose to buy the iMac due to its relative price
performance and unique design featuring a flat panel screen. Professional users
may also choose to purchase MacBooks instead of the Company’s
professional-oriented portable products due to their price performance and
screen size. Additionally, significant future growth in iPod sales without 

29

corresponding growth in higher margin product sales
could also reduce gross margin and operating margin percentages.

The Company expects
its quarterly revenue and operating results to fluctuate for a variety of
reasons.

The Company’s profit
margins vary among its products and its distribution channels. The Company’s
direct sales, primarily through its retail and online stores, generally have
higher associated profitability than its indirect sales. As a result, the
Company’s gross margin and operating margin percentages, as well as overall
profitability may be adversely impacted as a result of a shift in product,
geographic or channel mix, or new product announcements, including the
transition to Intel-based Macintosh computers. In addition, the Company
generally sells more product during the third month of each quarter than it
does during either of the first two months, a pattern typical in the personal
computer and consumer electronics industries. This sales pattern can produce
pressure on the Company’s internal infrastructure during the third month of a
quarter and may adversely impact the Company’s ability to predict its financial
results accurately. Furthermore, the Company has typically experienced greater
net sales in the first and fourth fiscal quarters compared to other quarters in
the fiscal year due to seasonal demand related to the holiday season and the
beginning of the school year. Developments late in a quarter, such as
lower-than-anticipated demand for the Company’s products, an internal systems
failure, or failure of one of the Company’s key logistics, components
suppliers, or manufacturing partners, could have significant adverse impacts on
the Company and its results of operations and financial condition.

The Company has higher research and development and
selling, general and administrative costs, as a percentage of revenue, than
many of its competitors.

The Company’s ability to
compete successfully and maintain attractive gross margins and revenue growth
is heavily dependent upon its ability to ensure a continuing and timely flow of
innovative and competitive products and technologies to the marketplace. As a
result, the Company generally incurs higher research and development costs as a
percentage of revenue than its competitors who sell personal computers based on
other operating systems. Many of these competitors seek to compete aggressively
on price and maintain very low cost structures. Further, as a result of the
expansion of the Company’s Retail segment and costs associated with marketing
the Company’s brand including its unique operating system, the Company incurs
higher selling costs as a percentage of revenue than many of its competitors.
If the Company is unable to continue to develop and sell innovative new
products with attractive gross margins, its results of operations may be
materially adversely affected by its operating cost structure.

The Company is exposed to credit risk on its accounts
receivable and prepayments related to long-term supply agreements. This risk is
heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen.

The Company distributes
its products through third-party computer resellers and retailers and directly
to certain educational institutions and commercial customers. A substantial
majority of the Company’s outstanding trade receivables are not covered by
collateral or credit insurance. The Company also has unsecured non-trade
receivables from certain of its manufacturing vendors resulting from the sale
by the Company of raw material components to these manufacturing vendors who manufacture
sub-assemblies or assemble final products for the Company. In addition, the
Company has entered into long-term supply agreements to secure supply of NAND
flash-memory and has prepaid a total of $1.25 billion under these agreements.
While the Company has procedures in place to monitor and limit exposure to
credit risk on its trade and non-trade receivables as well as long-term
prepayments, there can be no assurance such procedures will be effective in
limiting its credit risk and avoiding losses. Additionally, if the global
economy or regional economies deteriorate, the Company would be more likely to
incur a material loss or losses as a result of the weakening financial
condition of one or more of its customers or manufacturing vendors.

30

The Company’s
success depends largely on its ability to attract and retain key personnel.

Much of the future success
of the Company depends on the continued service and availability of skilled
personnel, including its Chief Executive Officer, members of its executive
team, and those in technical, marketing and staff positions. Experienced
personnel in the information technology industry are in high demand and
competition for their talents is intense, especially in the Silicon Valley,
where the majority of the Company’s key employees are located. The Company has
relied on its ability to grant stock options as one mechanism for recruiting
and retaining this highly skilled talent. Recent accounting regulations
requiring the expensing of stock options have resulted in increased stock-based
compensation expense, which may cause the Company to reduce the amount of
stock-based awards issued to employees. There can be no assurance that the
Company will continue to successfully attract and retain key personnel.

The Company is subject
to risks associated with the availability and coverage of insurance.

For certain risks, the
Company does not maintain insurance coverage because of cost and/or
availability. Because the Company retains some portion of its insurable risks,
and in some cases self insures completely, unforeseen or catastrophic losses in
excess of insured limits may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
results of operations and financial position.

Failure of information technology systems and breaches
in the security of data upon which the Company relies could adversely affect the
Company’s future operating results.

Information technology
system failures and breaches of data security could disrupt the Company’s
ability to function in the normal course of business by potentially causing
delays or cancellation of customer orders, impeding the manufacture or shipment
of products, or resulting in the unintentional disclosure of customer or
Company information. Management has taken steps to address these concerns for its
own systems by implementing sophisticated network security and internal control
measures. However, there can be no assurance that a system failure or data
security breach of the Company or a third-party vendor will not have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations.

The Company’s
business is subject to the risks of international operations.

A large portion of the Company’s revenue is derived
from its international operations. As a result, the Company’s operating results
and financial condition could be significantly affected by risks associated
with international activities, including economic and labor conditions,
political instability, tax laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign subsidiaries),
and changes in the value of the U.S. dollar versus the local currency in which
the products are sold and goods and services are purchased. The Company’s
primary exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates relate to
non-U.S. dollar denominated sales in Europe, Japan, Australia, Canada, and
certain parts of Asia and non-dollar denominated operating expenses incurred
throughout the world. Weaknesses in foreign currencies, particularly the
Japanese Yen and the Euro, can adversely impact consumer demand for the
Company’s products and the U.S. dollar value of the Company’s foreign currency
denominated sales. Conversely, a strengthening in these and other foreign
currencies can cause the Company to modify international pricing and affect the
value of the Company’s foreign denominated sales, and in some cases, may also
increase the cost to the Company of some product components.

Margins on sales of the Company’s products in foreign
countries, and on sales of products that include components obtained from
foreign suppliers, can be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations and by international trade regulations, including tariffs and
antidumping penalties.

Derivative instruments, such as foreign exchange
forward and option positions have been utilized by the Company to hedge
exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such
hedging activities may not offset more than a portion of the adverse financial
impact resulting from unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates.

31

Further information related
to the Company’s global market risks may be found in Part II, Item 7A of
this Form 10-K under the subheading “Foreign Currency Risk” and may
be found in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K at Notes 1 and 3
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Company is
subject to risks associated with environmental regulations.

Production and marketing
of products in certain states and countries may subject the Company to
environmental and other regulations including, in some instances, the
requirement to provide customers the ability to return product at the end of
its useful life, and place responsibility for environmentally safe disposal or
recycling with the Company. Such laws and regulations have recently been passed
in several jurisdictions in which the Company operates, including various
European Union member countries, Japan and certain states within the U.S.
Although the Company does not anticipate any material adverse effects in the
future based on the nature of its operations and the thrust of such laws, there
is no assurance such existing laws or future laws will not have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, liquidity, or results of
operations.

Changes in
accounting rules could affect the Company’s future operating results.

Financial statements are
prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
These principles are subject to interpretation by various governing bodies,
including the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) and the SEC, who
create and interpret appropriate accounting standards. A change from current
accounting standards could have a significant effect on the Company’s results
of operations. In December 2004, the FASB issued new guidance that
addresses the accounting for share-based payments, Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 123 (revised 2004) (“SFAS No. 123R”),
Share-Based Payment, which the Company
adopted in 2006. In 2006, stock-based compensation expense reduced diluted
earnings per common share by approximately $0.14. Although the adoption of SFAS
No. 123R is expected to continue to have a significant impact on the
Company’s results of operations, future changes to various assumptions used to
determine the fair-value of awards issued or the amount and type of equity
awards granted create uncertainty as to the amount of future stock-based
compensation expense.

Changes in the
Company’s tax rates could affect its future results.

The Company’s future
effective tax rates could be favorably or unfavorably affected by changes in
the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in
the valuation of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by
changes in tax laws or their interpretation. In addition, the Company is
subject to the continuous examination of its income tax returns by the Internal
Revenue Service and other tax authorities. The Company regularly assesses the
likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine
the adequacy of its provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance the
outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have an adverse effect on
the Company’s results of operations and financial condition.

The Company’s stock
price may be volatile.

The Company’s stock has at
times experienced substantial price volatility as a result of variations
between its actual and anticipated financial results and as a result of
announcements by the Company and its competitors. The stock market has
experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market
price of many technology companies in ways that may have been unrelated to the
operating performance of these companies. Furthermore, the Company believes its
stock price reflects high future growth and profitability expectations. If the
Company fails to meet these expectations its stock price may significantly
decline. In addition, increases in the Company’s stock price may result in
greater dilution of earnings per share.

32