You should carefully consider the risks described below and all other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto before
making a decision to purchase our securities. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or not presently deemed material by us, may also impair our
operations and performance. 

If any of the following risks
actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. If that happens, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

We may currently be in a period of capital markets disruption and slowing
economic growth or recession 

We believe that in 2007, the
U.S. capital markets entered into a period of disruption as evidenced by increasing spreads between the yields realized on riskier debt securities and those realized on risk-free securities and a lack of liquidity in parts of the debt capital
markets. We believe the U.S. and other countries may also be in a period of slowing economic growth or a recession. As noted in many of our risk factors below, this period may increase the probability that these risks could negatively impact us.

We make loans to and investments in middle market borrowers
who may default on their loans or provide no return on our investments 

We invest in and lend to middle market businesses. There is generally no publicly available information about these businesses. Therefore, we rely on our principals, associates, analysts and consultants to investigate
these businesses. The portfolio companies in which we invest may have significant variations in operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial
risk of obsolescence, may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, to finance expansion or to maintain their competitive position, may otherwise have a weak financial position or may be adversely affected by changes in the
business cycle. Our portfolio companies may not meet net income, cash flow and other coverage tests typically imposed by senior lenders. Numerous factors may affect a portfolio company’s ability to repay its loan, including the failure to meet
its business plan, a downturn in its industry or negative economic conditions. Deterioration in a portfolio company’s financial condition and prospects may be accompanied by deterioration in the collateral for the loan. We also make unsecured,
subordinated loans and invest in equity securities, which involve a higher degree of risk than senior loans. In certain cases, our involvement in the management of our portfolio companies may subject us to additional defenses and claims from
borrowers and third parties. These conditions may make it difficult for us to obtain repayment of our loans. 

Middle market businesses typically have narrower product lines and smaller market shares than large businesses. They tend to be more vulnerable to
competitors’ actions and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns. In addition, these companies may face intense competition, including competition from companies with greater financial resources, more extensive development,
manufacturing, marketing, and other capabilities, and a larger number of qualified managerial and technical personnel. 

These businesses may also experience substantial variations in operating results. Typically, the success of a middle market business also depends on the
management talents and efforts of one or two persons or a small group of persons. The death, disability or resignation of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on us. In addition, middle market businesses often need
substantial additional capital to expand or compete and will have borrowed money from other lenders. 

Our senior loans generally are secured by the assets of our borrowers. Our subordinated loans may or may not be secured by the assets of the borrower;
however if a subordinated loan is secured, our rights to payment and our security interest are usually subordinated to the payment rights and security interests of the senior lender. Therefore, we may be limited in our ability to enforce our rights
to collect our subordinated loans and to recover any of the loan balance through a foreclosure of collateral. 

19 

Table of Contents

There is uncertainty regarding the value of our portfolio investments 

A significant portion of our portfolio investments are not publicly traded.
We value these investments based on a determination of their fair value made in good faith by our Board of Directors. Due to the uncertainty inherent in valuing investments that are not publicly traded, as set forth in our consolidated financial
statements, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would exist if a ready market for these investments existed. Additionally, we have a controlling interest in European Capital, a publicly traded investment fund,
which we also value based on a determination of its fair value made in good faith by our Board of Directors. While the fair value of a publicly traded investment is generally the quoted market price, our valuation of European Capital includes a
control premium, reflecting the additional value that we expect to obtain upon a sale of our controlling interest in European Capital. Thus, due to the uncertainty in valuing any premium over the quoted market price of European Capital, our
determination of fair value may differ materially from the value that we actually obtain from a sale of our interest in European Capital. Our determinations of the fair value of our investments have a material impact on our net earnings through the
recording of unrealized appreciation or depreciation of investments as well as our assessment of interest income recognition. Our net asset value could be materially affected if our determinations regarding the fair value of our investments are
materially different from the values that would exist if a ready market existed for these securities. 

Recent accounting pronouncements may impact our future financial position and results of operations. 

In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement No. 157, Fair Value
Measurements (“SFAS No. 157”) which provides enhanced guidance for using fair value to measure assets and liabilities. SFAS No. 157 applies whenever other standards require (or permit) assets or liabilities to be measured at fair value
but does not expand the use of fair value in any new circumstances. SFAS No. 157 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We adopted SFAS No. 157
on January 1, 2008. We are continuing to assess the impact on our consolidated financial statements of adopting SFAS No. 157. Adoption of this change in valuation guidance could have a material effect on our consolidated financial
statements. However, the actual impact on our consolidated financial statements in the period of adoption and subsequent to the period of adoption cannot be determined at this time as it will be influenced by the estimates of fair value for that
period and the number and amount of investments we originate, acquire or exit. (See Note 2 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements). 

We have a limited operating and investment history in certain segments of our business 

Since our IPO, we have primarily been an investor in domestic,
privately-held middle market companies, which we consider to be companies with sales between $10 million and $750 million. We have begun investing either directly or through new alternative asset funds in other investment categories, including
European-based companies, CMBS, CLOs, CDOs, RMBS, early stage technology companies, special situation companies, distressed securities and publicly traded securities. We have limited or no operating history in making such investments. We have also
begun our new business of managing other alternative asset funds in addition to the investments on our balance sheet. There can be no assurances that these new business initiatives will be profitable in future periods, nor can we offer investors any
assurances that we will successfully implement these new strategies. 

Investment in non-investment grade CMBS, CLOs and CDOs may be illiquid, may have a higher risk of default, and may not produce current returns 

The CMBS, CLO and CDO securities in which we invest are generally non-investment grade, which means that nationally recognized statistical rating
organizations rate them below the top four investment-grade rating categories (i.e., “AAA” through “BBB”), and are sometimes referred to as “junk bonds.” Non-investment grade CMBS, CLO and CDO bonds and preferred shares
tend to be less liquid, may have a higher risk of default and may be more difficult to value. Non-investment grade securities usually provide a higher yield than do investment grade securities, but with the higher return comes greater risk of
default. In addition, the fair value of these securities may change as interest rates change over time. Economic recessions or downturns may cause 

20 

Table of Contents

defaults or losses on collateral securities to increase. Non-investment grade securities are considered speculative, and their capacity to pay principle and
interest in accordance with the terms of their issue is not ensured. 

We may not realize gains from our equity investments 

When we sponsor the buyout of a portfolio company, we invest in the equity securities of the portfolio company. Also, when we make a loan, we may receive warrants to acquire stock issued by the borrower or purchase a minority equity
interest. We may also make direct equity investments. Our goal ultimately is to dispose of these equity interests and realize gains. These equity interests may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may depreciate in value. Accordingly, we may not be
able to realize gains from our equity interests. 

The lack
of liquidity of our privately-held securities may adversely affect our business 

Most of our investments consist of securities acquired directly from their issuers in private transactions. Some of these securities are subject to restrictions on resale or otherwise are less liquid than public
securities. The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to obtain cash equal to the value at which we record our investments if the need arises. 

We have limited public information regarding the companies in which we invest 

Consistent with our operation as a BDC, our portfolio consists primarily of
securities issued by privately-held companies. There is generally little or no publicly available information about such companies, and we must rely on the diligence of our employees and the consultants we hire to obtain the information necessary
for our decision to invest in them. There can be no assurance that our diligence efforts will uncover all material information about the privately-held business necessary to make a fully informed investment decision. 

Our portfolio companies may be highly leveraged 

Leverage may have important adverse consequences to our portfolio companies
and to us as an investor. These companies may be subject to restrictive financial and operating covenants. The leverage may impair these companies’ ability to finance their future operations and capital needs. As a result, these companies’
flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and to business opportunities may be limited. A leveraged company’s income and net assets will tend to increase or decrease at a greater rate than if borrowed money were not
used. 

Our business is dependent on external financing 

Our business requires a substantial amount of cash to
operate. We historically have obtained a portion of the cash required for operations through the sale of debt by special purpose affiliates to which we have contributed loan assets originated by us, borrowings by us and the sale of our equity. Our
ability to continue to rely on such sources or other sources of capital depends on numerous legal, economic, structural and other factors. 

We or our affiliates have issued, and intend to continue to issue, debt securities and other evidences of indebtedness, up to the maximum amount permitted
by the 1940 Act. We have also retained the right to issue preferred stock. As a BDC, the 1940 Act permits us to issue Senior Securities in amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 200% after each issuance of
Senior Securities. As a result, we are exposed to the risks of leverage. As permitted by the 1940 Act, we may, in addition, borrow amounts up to 5% of our total assets for temporary purposes. 

A failure to renew our existing credit facilities, to continue short-term
financings, to increase our capacity under our existing facilities, to sell additional term debt notes or to add new or replacement debt facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We cannot guarantee that we will be able to renew or increase the capacity under our existing facilities or obtain access to additional debt facilities on acceptable terms, especially in times of economic downturns and dislocation in the credit

21 

Table of Contents

markets. During such times, potential lenders and purchasers of our debt securities may be more restrictive in how they deploy their liquidity and capital.
See the description of the term debt notes and the debt facilities under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources.” 

The following table is designed to illustrate the effect on return to a
holder of our common stock of the leverage created by our use of borrowing, at the weighted average interest rate 6.3% for the year ended December 31, 2007, and assuming hypothetical annual returns on our portfolio of minus 15% to plus 15%. As
can be seen, leverage generally increases the return to shareholders when the portfolio return is positive and decreases return when the portfolio return is negative. Actual returns may be greater or less than those appearing in the table.

 Assumed Return on Portfolio (Net of Expenses)(1)

-15.0

%

-10.0

%

-5.0

%

—  

5.0

%

10.0

%

15.0

%

 Corresponding Return to Common Shareholders(2)

-36.4

%

-26.4

%

-16.5

%

-6.6

%

3.3

%

13.2

%

23.1

%

(1)

The assumed portfolio return is required by regulation of the SEC and is not a prediction of, and does not represent, our projected or actual performance. 

(2)

In order to compute the “Corresponding Return to Common Shareholders,” the “Assumed Return on Portfolio” is multiplied by the total value of our assets at the
beginning of the period to obtain an assumed return to us. From this amount, all interest expense accrued during the period is subtracted to determine the return available to shareholders. The return available to shareholders is then divided by the
total value of our net assets as of the beginning of the period to determine the “Corresponding Return to Common Shareholders.” 

Because we are subject to regulatory restrictions on the amount of debt we can issue, we are dependent on the issuance of equity as a financing source. We
are restricted to issuing equity at prices equal to or above our net asset value per share at the time of issuance. There can be no assurances that we can issue equity when necessary. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of our common
stock or debt securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock, the percentage ownership of our shareholders at the time would decrease and they may experience additional dilution. In addition, any convertible or exchangeable
securities may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock. 

A change in interest rates may adversely affect our profitability 

Because we fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net increase in assets from operations is affected by the spread between
the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. We attempt to match-fund our liabilities and assets by financing floating rate assets with floating rate liabilities and fixed rate assets with fixed rate liabilities or equity. We enter
into interest rate basis swap agreements to match the interest rate basis of our assets and liabilities, thereby locking in the spread between our asset yield and the cost of our borrowings, and to fulfill our obligations under the terms of our
revolving debt funding facilities and asset securitizations. However, our derivatives are considered economic hedges that do not qualify for hedge accounting under Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities (“SFAS No. 133”). 

Under our interest rate swap agreements, we generally pay a fixed rate and receive a floating interest rate based on LIBOR. We may enter into interest
rate swaption agreements where, if exercised, we would receive a fixed rate and pay a floating rate based on LIBOR. We may also enter into interest rate cap agreements that would entitle us to receive an amount, if any, by which our interest
payments on our variable rate debt exceed specified interest rates. 

An increase in interest rates could reduce the spread between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow, and thus, adversely affect our profitability, if we have not appropriately match-funded our 

22 

Table of Contents

liabilities and assets or hedged against such event. Alternatively, our interest rate hedging activities may limit our ability to participate in the benefits
of lower interest rates with respect to the hedged portfolio. In addition, a change in interest rates could also have an impact on the fair value of our interest rate swap agreements that could result in the recording of unrealized appreciation or
depreciation in future periods. For example, a decline, or a flattening, of the forward interest rate yield curve will typically result in the recording of unrealized depreciation of our interest rate swap agreements. Therefore, adverse developments
resulting from changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See “Management’s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of
Operations—Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” and “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” for additional information on interest rate swap agreements. 

A change in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our profitability

We may invest in debt securities that are denominated in
currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, we may invest in the equity of portfolio companies whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. Our domestic portfolio companies may also transact a significant amount of business in foreign
countries and therefore their profitability may be impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The functional currency of our largest portfolio company, European Capital, is the Euro. European Capital also has investments in other
European currencies, including the British Pound. An adverse change in currency exchange rates may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

An economic downturn could affect our operating results 

An economic downturn may adversely affect middle market businesses, which
are our primary market for investments. Such a downturn could also adversely affect our ability to obtain capital to invest in such companies. These results could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. See “Risk Factors—Our business is dependent on external financing.” 

Our debt facilities impose certain limitations on us 

We have two revolving credit facilities, one of which is a commercial paper conduit securitization facility (the “AFT I Facility”) and the other of which is an unsecured revolving line of credit (the
“Revolving Facility”). Collectively, the AFT I Facility and Revolving Facility are referred to as the “Debt Facilities.” 

Our AFT I Facility is a line of credit administered by Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC that currently has an aggregate commitment of $1.3 billion as of
December 31, 2007. Our AFT I Facility is secured by loans to our portfolio companies, which have been contributed to a separate affiliated trust. This affiliated trust is consolidated in our financial statements. While we have not guaranteed
the repayment of the AFT I Facility, we must repurchase the loans if certain representations are breached. The AFT I Facility contains customary default provisions, as well as the following default provisions: a cross-default on our debt of $15
million or more, a minimum net worth requirement of $3.5 billion plus seventy-five percent (75%) of any new equity and subordinated debt and a default triggered by a change of control. Our ability to make draws under the AFT I Facility expires
in October 2008, unless extended. There are no guarantees that all or part of this facility will be extended. 

Our Revolving Facility is a $1.6 billion unsecured revolving line of credit administered by an affiliate of Wachovia that may be expanded through new or
additional commitments up to $1.8 billion in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the related agreement. The Revolving Facility contains customary default provisions as well as the following default provisions: a cross-default on
our debt of $25 million or more, a minimum net worth requirement of $3.5 billion plus seventy-five percent (75%) of any new equity and subordinated debt, maintaining an unsecured credit rating equal to or greater than BB and a default triggered
by a change of control. Our ability to make draws under the Revolving Facility expires in May 2012, unless extended. 

23 

Table of Contents

Trusts affiliated with us have issued term debt securities (“Term Debt Notes”) to institutional
investors with an outstanding balance of $2.4 billion as of December 31, 2007. These affiliated trusts are consolidated in our financial statements. These securities contain customary default provisions, as well as the following default
provisions: a failure on our part, as the originator of the loans securing the Term Debt Notes or as the servicer of these loans, to make any payment or deposit required under related agreements within two business days after the date the payment or
deposit is required to be made, or if we alter or amend our credit and collection policy in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on the holders of the Term Debt Notes. 

The occurrence of an event of default under our debt facilities could lead to termination of those facilities

Our Debt Facilities contain certain default provisions,
some of which are described in the immediately preceding paragraphs. An event of default under our Debt Facilities could result, among other things, in termination of further funds availability under that facility, an accelerated maturity date for
all amounts outstanding under that facility and the disruption of all or a portion of the business financed by that facility. This could reduce our revenues and, by delaying any cash payment allowed to us under our facility until the lender has been
paid in full, reduce our liquidity and cash flow. 

We may
incur additional debt that could increase your investment risks 

We or our affiliates borrow money or issue debt securities to provide us with additional funds to invest. Our lenders have fixed dollar claims on our assets or the assets of our affiliates that are senior to the claims of our shareholders
and, thus, our lenders have preference over our shareholders with respect to these assets. In particular, the assets that our affiliates have pledged to lenders under the AFT I Facility and the Term Debt Notes were sold or contributed to separate
affiliated statutory trusts prior to such pledge. While we own a beneficial interest in these trusts, these assets are property of the respective trusts, available to satisfy the debts of the trusts, and would only become available for distribution
to our shareholders to the extent specifically permitted under the agreements governing those Debt Facilities. See “Risk Factors—Our debt facilities impose certain limitations on us.” 

Although borrowing money for investment increases the potential for gain, it
also increases the risk of a loss. A decrease in the value of our investments will have a sharper impact on our net asset value if we borrow money to make investments. Our ability to pay dividends could also be adversely impacted. In addition, our
ability to pay dividends or incur additional indebtedness would be restricted if asset coverage is not equal to at least twice our indebtedness. If the value of our assets declines, we might be unable to satisfy that test. If this happens, we may be
required to sell some of our investments and repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when a sale may be disadvantageous. See “Risk Factors—Our business is dependent on external financing.” 

Our credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in our debt
securities 

Our credit ratings are an assessment by major
debt rating agencies of our ability to pay our obligations. Consequently, actual or expected changes in our credit ratings will likely affect the market value of our publicly issued debt securities. Our credit ratings, however, may not fully or
accurately reflect all of the credit and market risks associated with our publicly issued debt securities. A downgrade in the credit ratings applicable to our debt securities could negatively impact us. If these credit ratings were to be downgraded,
our interest expense (and our ability to raise additional debt) could be negatively impacted, and we could be required to redeem certain of our Senior Securities. Any of these occurrences could have a material effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Terms relating to
redemption may materially adversely affect the return on our debt securities 

If any of our debt securities are redeemable at our option, we may choose to redeem debt securities at times when prevailing interest rates are lower than the interest rate paid on our debt securities. In addition, if
our debt 

24 

Table of Contents

securities are subject to mandatory redemption, we may be required to redeem the debt securities also at times when prevailing interest rates are lower than
the interest rate paid on these debt securities. In these circumstances, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as the debt securities being redeemed.

We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly results

We could experience fluctuations in our quarterly
operating results due to a number of factors including, among others, variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets, the ability to find and
close suitable investments, the timing of the recognition of fee income from closing investment transactions and general economic conditions. As a result of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative of
performance in future periods. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” 

We may fail to continue to qualify for our pass-through tax treatment 

We have operated since October 1, 1997, so as to qualify to be taxed as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and,
provided we meet certain requirements under the Code, we can generally avoid corporate level federal income taxes on income distributed to our shareholders as dividends. We would cease to qualify for this favorable pass-through tax treatment if we
are unable to comply with the source of income, diversification or distribution requirements contained in Subchapter M of the Code, or if we cease to operate so as to qualify as a BDC under the 1940 Act. If we fail to qualify to be taxed as a RIC or
to distribute our income to shareholders on a current basis, we would be subject to corporate level taxes which would significantly reduce the amount of income available for distribution to shareholders. The loss of our current tax treatment could
have a material adverse effect on the total return, if any, obtainable from an investment in our common stock. See “Business—Business Development Company Requirements” and “Business—Regulated Investment Company
Requirements.” 

There is a risk that you may not
receive dividends 

Since our IPO, we have distributed more
than 90% of our investment company ordinary taxable income, including 90% of our net short-term capital gains to our shareholders in order to continue to qualify as a RIC. We have distributed and currently intend to distribute sufficient dividends
to eliminate our investment company ordinary taxable income. Beginning with our tax year ended September 30, 2007, we elected to distribute our net long-term capital gains to our shareholders as dividends in 2008. In prior years, we elected to
retain our net long-term capital gains and paid a federal income tax thereon on behalf of our shareholders treating them as a deemed distribution for tax purposes. We may again elect to retain all of, or a portion of, our net long-term capital gains
in the future which may reduce the amount of future cash distributions to our shareholders. We cannot assure our shareholders that we will achieve investment results or maintain a tax status that will allow any specified level of cash distributions
or year-to-year increases in cash distributions. 

Our
financial condition and results of operations will depend on our ability to manage effectively any future growth 

We have grown significantly since our IPO. Our ability to sustain continued growth depends on our ability to identify, evaluate, finance and invest in
suitable investments that meet our investment criteria. Accomplishing such a result on a cost-effective basis is largely a function of our marketing capabilities, our management of the investment process, our ability to provide competent, attentive
and efficient services, our access to financing sources on acceptable terms and the capabilities of our technology platform. As we grow, we will also be required to hire, train, supervise and manage new employees. Failure to manage effectively any
future growth could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

25 

Table of Contents

We are dependent upon our key management personnel for our future success 

We are dependent for the final selection, structuring, closing and
monitoring of our investments on the diligence and skill of our senior management and other management members. Our future success depends to a significant extent on the continued service and coordination of our senior management team. The departure
of any of our executive officers or key employees could materially adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy. We do not maintain key man life insurance on any of our officers or employees. 

We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities

We compete with hundreds of private equity and mezzanine
funds and other financing sources, including traditional financial services companies such as finance companies, commercial banks, investment banks and other equity and non-equity based investment funds. Some of our competitors are substantially
larger and have considerably greater financial resources than us. Competitors may have lower cost of funds and many have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, certain of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances
or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships and build their market shares. There is no assurance that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, as a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from time to time and there can be no assurance
that we will be able to identify and make investments that satisfy our investment objectives or that we will be able to meet our investment goals. 

Provisions of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Second Amended and Restated Bylaws could deter takeover attempts 

Our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
as amended and Second Amended and Restated Bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law contain provisions that may have the effect of discouraging and delaying or making more difficult a change in control. The existence of these provisions may
negatively impact the price of our common stock and may discourage third party bids. These provisions may reduce any premiums paid to our shareholders for shares of our common stock that they own. Furthermore, we are subject to Section 203 of
the Delaware General Corporation Law. Section 203 governs business combinations with interested shareholders, and also could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. 

Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations or our failure to
comply with those laws or regulations may adversely affect our business 

We and our portfolio companies are subject to regulation by laws at the local, state, federal and foreign level. These laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation, may be changed from time to time.
Accordingly, any change in these laws or regulations or the failure to comply with these laws or regulations could have a material adverse impact on our business. Certain of these laws and regulations pertain specifically to RICs or BDCs.

We could face losses and potential liability if intrusions,
viruses or similar disruptions to our technology jeopardize our confidential information or that of users of our technology 

Although we have implemented, and will continue to implement, security measures, our technology platform is and will continue to be vulnerable to
intrusion, computer viruses or similar disruptive problems caused by transmission from unauthorized users. The misappropriation of proprietary information could expose us to a risk of loss or litigation. 

Failure to deploy new capital effectively may reduce our return on equity

If we fail to invest our new capital effectively, our
return on equity may be negatively impacted, which could reduce the price of the securities that you own. 

26 

Table of Contents

The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly 

The market price and marketability of shares of our securities may from time
to time be significantly affected by numerous factors, including many over which we have no control and that may not be directly related to us. These factors include the following: 

•

 price and volume fluctuations in the stock market from time to time, which are often unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies;

•

 significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of RICs, BDCs or other companies in our sector, which is not necessarily related to the
operating performance of these companies; 

•

 changes in regulatory policies or tax guidelines, particularly with respect to RICs or BDCs; 

•

 changes in earnings or variations in operating results; 

•

 any shortfall in revenue or net income or any increase in losses from levels expected by securities analysts; 

•

 general economic trends and other external factors; and 

•

 loss of a major funding source. 

Fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock may adversely affect the liquidity of the trading market for our common stock and, in the event that
we seek to raise capital through future equity financings, our ability to raise such equity capital. 

Our common stock may be difficult to resell 

Investors may not be able to resell shares of common stock at or above their purchase prices due to a number of factors, including: 

•

 actual or anticipated fluctuation in our operating results; 

•

 volatility in our common stock price; 

•

 changes in expectations as to our future financial performance or changes in financial estimates of securities analysts; and 

•

 departures of key personnel. 

The trading market or market value of our publicly issued debt securities may fluctuate 

Our publicly issued debt securities do not have an established trading
market. There is no assurance that a trading market for our publicly issued debt securities will ever develop or be maintained if developed. Additionally, many factors may materially adversely affect the trading market for, and market value of, our
publicly issued debt securities including, but not limited to, the following: 

•

 our creditworthiness; 

•

 the time remaining to the maturity of these debt securities; 

•

 the outstanding principal amount of debt securities with terms identical to these debt securities; 

•

 the supply of debt securities trading in the secondary market, if any; 

•

 the redemption or repayment features, if any, of these debt securities; 

•

 the level, direction and volatility of market interest rates generally; and 

•

 market rates of interest that are higher or lower than rates borne by the debt securities. 

There may also be a limited number of buyers when an investor decides to sell
its debt securities. This too may materially adversely affect the market value of the debt securities or the trading market for the debt securities. 

27 

Table of Contents

Supplemental provisions contained in forward sale agreements subject us to certain risks

We periodically complete public offerings of our common
stock in which a portion of the shares are offered directly by us and a portion of the shares are sold by third parties, or forward purchasers, in connection with agreements to purchase common stock from us for future delivery dates pursuant to
forward sale agreements. Under forward sale agreements that we may enter into, each forward purchaser would have the right to accelerate its forward sale agreement and require us to physically settle on a date specified by such forward purchaser if
certain events occur, such as (1) in its judgment, it is unable to continue to borrow a number of shares of our common stock equal to the number of shares to be delivered by us under its forward sale agreement or the cost of borrowing the
common stock has increased above a specified amount, (2) we declare any dividend or distribution on shares of our common stock payable in (i) excess of a specified amount, (ii) securities of another company that we own (directly or
indirectly), or (iii) any other type of securities (other than shares of our common stock), rights, warrants or other assets for payment at less than the prevailing market price in such forward purchaser’s judgment, (3) the net asset
value per share of our outstanding common stock exceeds a specified percentage of the then applicable forward sales price, (4) our Board of Directors votes to approve a merger or takeover of us or similar transaction that would require our
shareholders to exchange their shares for cash, securities, or other property, or (5) certain other events of default or termination events occur. Such forward purchaser’s decision to exercise its right to require us to settle its forward
sale agreement will be made irrespective of our need for capital. In addition, upon certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization relating to us, each forward sale agreement would terminate without further liability of either party.
Following any such termination, we would not issue any shares and we would not receive any proceeds pursuant to the forward sale agreements. 

As of December 31, 2007, we had 4.0 million shares outstanding under our forward sale agreements that have a termination date in November 2008.

We have experienced rapid growth, which may be difficult to
sustain and which may place significant demands on our administrative, operational and financial resources 

Our assets under management have grown significantly from $0.9 billion as of December 31, 2001 to $17 billion as of December 31, 2007. Our rapid
growth has caused, and if it continues will continue to cause, significant demands on our legal, accounting and operational infrastructure, and increased expenses. The complexity of these demands, and the expense required to address them, is a
function not simply of the amount by which our assets under management have grown, but of significant differences in the investing strategies of our different funds and portfolio companies. In addition, we are required to continuously develop our
systems and infrastructure in response to the increasing sophistication of the investment management market and legal, accounting and regulatory developments. 

Our future growth will depend, among other things, on our ability to maintain an operating platform and management system sufficient to address our
growth and will require us to incur significant additional expenses and to commit additional senior management and operational resources. As a result, we face significant challenges: 

•

 in maintaining adequate financial and business controls; 

•

 implementing new or updated information and financial systems and procedures; and 

•

 in training, managing and appropriately sizing our work force and other components of our business on a timely and cost-effective basis.

There can be no assurance that we will be
able to manage our expanding operations effectively or that we will be able to continue to grow, and any failure to do so could adversely affect our ability to generate revenue and control our expenses. 

28 

Table of Contents