The risks described below should not be considered to be comprehensive or all-inclusive. If any
events occur that give rise to the following risks, our business, financial condition, cash flow,
prospects or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, and as a result, the
trading price of our Class A common stock could be materially and adversely impacted. Additional
risks that we do not yet know of or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our
business, financial condition, cash flow, prospects or results of operations. These risk factors
should be read in conjunction with other information set forth in this report, including our
Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes.

We have issued debt and have a substantial uncommitted facility available to us. If interest rates
rise or if we draw additional amounts under the facility, our debt service cost could increase and
limit cash flow available to fund our operations, and limit our ability to obtain further debt or
equity financing.

As of June 30, 2008, we have outstanding $250 million aggregate principal amount of 4.70% Senior
Notes due June 1, 2010 and $250 million aggregate principal amount of 5.20% Senior Notes due June
1, 2015 (collectively, the “Senior Notes”) we sold in a public offering in June 2005, and
approximately $1.9 billion is drawn under our Credit Facility (defined below). The Credit Facility
provides for a senior secured term loan facility of $1.8 billion, with the ability to increase it
by up to $1.8 billion (as of June 30, 2008), under certain circumstances (the “Term Loan Facility”)
and a senior secured revolving credit

11

Table of Contents

facility of $1 billion with the ability to increase it by up to $750 million (the “Revolving
Facility”) (collectively, the “Credit Facility”). Obligations under the Credit Facility are
guaranteed by us and substantially all of our domestic subsidiaries and certain of our foreign
subsidiaries (but only to the extent such guarantees would not result in materially adverse tax
consequences). In addition, Credit Facility obligations are secured under certain pledge agreements
by (i) a first priority perfected pledge of all notes owned by us and the guarantors and the
capital stock of substantially all of our domestic subsidiaries and certain of our foreign
subsidiaries (subject to certain exceptions, including to the extent the pledge would give rise to
additional SEC reporting requirements for our subsidiaries or result in materially adverse tax
consequences), and (ii) a first priority perfected security interest in all other assets owned by
us and the guarantors, subject to customary exceptions.

The interest rates under the Credit Facility fluctuate with changes in the market rates and with
changes in our leverage ratio. Thus, our debt service cost will increase as market interest rates
increase and as our leverage ratio increases. It will be necessary to utilize cash flow from
operating activities to fund debt service cost related to our indebtedness. If we fail to have
sufficient cash flow to satisfy the debt service cost of our indebtedness, then we could default on
our indebtedness, resulting in foreclosure on the assets used to conduct our business. In addition,
reduction of our available cash flow may negatively impact our business, including our ability to
make future acquisitions, our ability to compete for client contracts requiring upfront capital
costs, and our ability to meet our other obligations. Further, the amount of our indebtedness and
our reduction in available cash flow may limit our ability to obtain further debt or equity
financing. In addition, if we are fully drawn under our Credit Facility (including the increase
resulting from the accordion features of the Revolving Facility), the book value of our equity may
be in a deficit position.

A reversal, on appeal, of a lower court’s determination that we have not defaulted on our Senior
Notes and that those Notes have not been accelerated could have a negative impact on our cash flow
and divert resources that could otherwise be utilized in our business operations.

Certain holders of our Senior Notes have appealed a lower court’s determination that we did not
default under our Senior Notes and that no acceleration of our payment obligations on the Senior
Notes has occurred. Our position is that no default and no acceleration has occurred with respect
to the Senior Notes or otherwise under the Indenture dated June 6, 2005 (the “Indenture”) between
us and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., which has been subsequently replaced as Trustee by
Wilmington Trust Company (the “Trustee”), and filed a lawsuit against the Trustee in the United
States District Court, Northern District of Texas, Dallas Division, which sought the declaratory
judgment which we received affirming our position. There can be no assurance of the outcome of
that appeal. If the lower court’s determination is reversed on appeal and final judgment is
rendered that there has been a default and acceleration has occurred, then we may have to pay the
principal and accrued interest under the Senior Notes. While we do have cash on hand and credit
available under our Credit Facility to draw funds to repay the Senior Notes, using our available
cash or drawing on the Credit Facility for this purpose would reduce our available cash or credit
which could otherwise be used for other corporate purposes, such as acquisitions, share repurchases
and general corporate purposes.

The complexity of regulatory environments in which we operate has increased and may continue to
increase our costs.

Our business is subject to increasingly complex corporate governance, public disclosure, accounting
and tax requirements and environmental legislation that have increased both our costs and the risk
of noncompliance. Because our Class A common stock and Senior Notes are publicly traded, we are
subject to certain rules and regulations for federal, state and financial market exchange entities
(including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the SEC and the NYSE). We have
implemented new policies and procedures and continue developing additional policies and procedures
in response to recent corporate scandals and laws enacted by Congress. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, we have made a significant effort to comply with the provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (including, among other things the development of policies and
procedures to satisfy the provisions thereof regarding internal control over financial reporting,
disclosure controls and procedures and certification of financial statements appearing in periodic
reports). Our effort to comply with these new regulations has resulted in, and is likely to
continue resulting in, increased general and administrative expenses and diversion of management
time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities.

12

Table of Contents

We are subject to the oversight of the SEC and other regulatory agencies and investigations by
those agencies could divert management’s focus and could have a material adverse impact on our
reputation and financial condition.

As a result of the regulation and oversight of the SEC and other regulatory agencies, we may be
subject to legal and administrative proceedings. We are currently the subject of an ongoing SEC and
Department of Justice (“DOJ”) investigation related to our historical stock option grant practices.
As a result of these investigations, several derivative lawsuits have been filed in connection with
our stock option grant practices generally alleging claims related to breach of fiduciary duty and
unjust enrichment by certain of our directors and senior executives. As the result of these
investigations and shareholder actions, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant
legal costs and a significant amount of time of our senior management has been focused on these
matters that otherwise would have been directed toward the growth and development of our business.
We have concluded our internal investigation of our stock option grant practices as discussed in
Note 20 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The SEC and DOJ investigations are continuing and
until these investigations of our stock option grant practices are complete, we are unable to
predict the effect, if any, that these investigations and lawsuits will have on our business and
financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. We cannot assure that the SEC and/or DOJ
will not seek to impose fines or take other actions against us that could have a significant
negative impact on our financial condition. In addition, publicity surrounding the SEC’s and DOJ’s
investigations, the derivative causes of actions, or any enforcement action, even if ultimately
resolved favorably for us, could have a material adverse impact on our cash flows, financial
condition, results of operations or business.

Our credit rating or further reductions of our credit rating may have an adverse impact on our
business.

The ratings on our current outstanding obligations currently established by the ratings agencies
are below investment grade. Below investment grade ratings could negatively impact our ability to
renew contracts with our existing clients, limit our ability to compete for new clients, result in
increased premiums for surety bonds to support our clients contracts, and/or result in a
requirement that we provide collateral to secure our surety bonds. Further, certain of our
commercial outsourcing contracts provide that, in the event our credit ratings are downgraded to
specified levels, the client may elect to terminate its contract with us and either pay a reduced
termination fee or, in some limited instances, no termination fee. A credit rating reduction or
downgrade could adversely affect these client relationships. There may be reductions in our ratings
if we incur additional indebtedness, including amounts that may be drawn under our Credit Facility.

A decline in revenues from or a loss or failure of significant clients could reduce our
profitability and cash flow.

Our revenues, profitability, financial condition and cash flow could be materially adversely
affected by the loss or failure of significant clients, some of whom are in sectors which have
experienced significant financial difficulties or consolidation, and/or the reduction of volumes or
their inability to make payments to us, as a result of, among other things, their merger or
acquisition, divestiture of assets or businesses, contract expiration, non-renewal or early
termination (including termination for convenience) or business or financial failure or
deterioration. Economic and political conditions could affect our clients’ businesses and the
markets they serve. A significant or prolonged economic downturn, continued high energy prices or
a negative or uncertain political climate could, or could continue to, adversely affect our
clients’ financial conditions and the level of business activity of our clients and the industries
we serve, which may reduce our clients’ demand for our services or depress pricing of those
services and have a material adverse affect on our business, prospects, results of operations,
revenues and cash flow. In addition, we incur certain fixed costs related to providing our
information technology and business process outsourcing services to our clients. Therefore the loss
or failure of any one of our significant clients could leave us with a significantly higher level
of fixed costs than is necessary for some period of time to serve our remaining clients, thereby
reducing our profitability and cash flow.

Our ability to recover capital investments in connection with our contracts is subject to risk.

In order to attract and retain large outsourcing contracts we sometimes make significant capital
investments to perform our services under the contract, such as purchases of information technology
equipment and costs incurred to develop and implement software. The net book value of such assets
recorded, including a portion of our intangible assets, could be impaired, and our earnings and
cash flow could be materially adversely affected in the event of the early termination of all or a
part of such a contract or the reduction in volumes and services thereunder for reasons such as,
among other things, a client’s merger or acquisition, divestiture of assets or businesses, business
failure or deterioration, or a client’s exercise of contract termination rights.

13

Table of Contents

We have non-recurring revenue, which subjects us to a risk that our revenues and cash flows from
may fluctuate from period to period.

Revenue generated from our non-recurring services, including our consulting and unclaimed property
escheatment services, may increase or decrease in relation to the revenue generated from our
recurring services, such as business process outsourcing and information technology outsourcing.
Our mix of non-recurring and recurring revenues is impacted by acquisitions as well as growth in
our non-recurring lines of business. There is less predictability and certainty in the timing and
amount of revenue generated by our non-recurring services and, accordingly, our revenues, results
of operations and cash flow may be significantly impacted by the timing and amounts of revenues
generated from our non-recurring services.

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and we may not be able to compete
effectively.

We expect to encounter additional competition as we address new markets and new competitors enter
our existing markets. If we are forced to lower our pricing or if demand for our services
decreases, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow may be
materially and adversely affected. Some of our competitors have substantially greater resources,
and they may be able to use their resources to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies,
to devote greater resources to the promotion and sale of their products and services, or to obtain
client contracts where sizable asset purchases, investments or financing support are required. In
addition, we must frequently compete with a client’s own internal business process and information
technology capabilities, which may constitute a fixed cost for the client. In the future,
competition could continue to emerge from large computer hardware or software providers as they
shift their business strategy to include services. Competition has also emerged from European and
Indian offshore service providers seeking to expand into our markets and from large consulting
companies seeking operational outsourcing opportunities.

Our business could be adversely affected if our clients are not satisfied with our services.

Our business model depends in large part on our ability to attract new work from our base of
existing clients. Our business model also depends on relationships we develop with our clients so
that we can understand our clients’ needs and deliver solutions and services that are tailored to
those needs. If a client is not satisfied with the quality of work performed by us or a
subcontractor, or with the type of services or solutions delivered, then we could incur additional
costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, and the client’s
dissatisfaction with our services could damage our ability to obtain additional work from that
client. In particular, clients that are not satisfied might seek to terminate existing contracts
prior to their scheduled expiration date and could direct future business to our competitors. In
addition, negative publicity related to our client relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may
further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new contracts with current and
prospective clients.

We are dependent to a significant extent on third party providers, such as subcontractors, a
relatively small number of primary software vendors, utility providers and network providers, and
could be materially adversely affected if they cannot deliver or perform as expected or if our
relationships with them are terminated or otherwise change.

Our ability to service our clients and deliver and implement solutions depends to a large extent on
third party providers such as subcontractors, a relatively small number of primary software vendors
and utility providers and network providers meeting their obligations to us and our expectations in
a timely, quality manner. Our business, revenues, profitability and cash flows could be materially
and adversely affected and we might incur significant additional liabilities if these third party
providers do not meet these obligations or our expectations or if they terminate or refuse to renew
their relationships with us or were to offer their products to us on less advantageous terms than
we previously had. In addition, many of our facilities are located in jurisdictions outside of the
United States where the provision of utility services, including electricity and water, may not be
consistently reliable and, while there are backup systems in many of our operating facilities, an
extended outage of utility or network services may have a material adverse effect on our
operations, revenues, cash flow and profitability.

We may not be successful at identifying, acquiring or integrating other businesses or technologies.

Historically, we have made a significant number of acquisitions that have expanded the products and
services we offer, provided a presence in a complementary business or expanded our geographic
presence. We intend to continue our acquisition strategy. We cannot, however, make any assurances
that we will be able to identify any potential acquisition candidates or consummate any additional
acquisitions or that any future acquisitions will be successfully integrated or will be
advantageous to us. If the businesses or technologies we acquire fail to perform in accordance with
our expectations or if

14

Table of Contents

their liabilities exceed our expectations, our cash flow, financial condition and results of
operations may be adversely affected. Without additional acquisitions, we are unlikely to maintain
historical total growth rates.

A failure to properly manage our operations and our growth could have a material adverse effect on
our business.

We have expanded our operations in recent years. We intend to continue expansion in the foreseeable
future to pursue existing and potential market opportunities. Some market opportunities require
that we develop software to perform the services we become contractually obligated to perform, such
as our Medicaid activities. This growth places a significant demand on our management and
operational resources. In order to manage growth effectively, we must design, develop, implement
and improve our operational systems, which may include the design, development and implementation
of software and timely development and implementation of procedures and controls. If we fail to
design, develop and implement and improve these systems, we may not be able to service our clients’
needs, hire and retain new employees, pursue new business opportunities, complete future
acquisitions or operate our businesses effectively. We could also trigger contractual credits to
clients or a contractual default. Failure to properly transition new clients to our systems,
properly budget transition costs or accurately estimate new contract operational costs could result
in delays in our contract performance, trigger service level penalties, impair fixed or intangible
assets or result in contracts whose profit margins did not meet our expectations or our historical
profit margins. Failure to properly integrate acquired operations could result in increased cost.
As a result of any of these problems associated with expansion, our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flow could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, our
success depends on our ability to develop and implement services and solutions that anticipate and
respond to continuing changes in technology, industry developments and client needs. We may not be
successful in anticipating or responding to these developments on a timely basis, and our offerings
may not be successful in the marketplace. Also, services, solutions and technologies offered by
current or future competitors may make our service or solution offerings uncompetitive or obsolete.

Our Government contracts are subject to termination rights, audits and investigations, which, if
exercised, could negatively impact our reputation and reduce our ability to compete for new
contracts.

Approximately 40% of our fiscal year 2008 revenues were derived from contracts with state and local
governments and from federal government agencies, including our contract with the Department of
Education. Governments and their agencies have the right to terminate most of these contracts at
any time, without cause. Also, our Department of Education contract and our other federal contracts
are subject to the approval of appropriations by the United States Congress to fund the
expenditures of the federal government under this contract. Additionally, government contracts are
generally subject to audits and investigations by government agencies. If the government finds that
we improperly charged any costs to a contract, the costs are not reimbursable or, if already
reimbursed, the cost must be refunded to the government. If the government discovers improper or
illegal activities in the course of audits or investigations, the contractor may be subject to
various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, which may include termination of
contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from
doing business with the government. Any resulting penalties or sanctions could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further,
the negative publicity that arises from findings in such audits, investigations or the penalties or
sanctions therefore could have an adverse effect on our reputation in the industry and reduce our
ability to compete for new contracts and may also have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.

We may incur delays in signing and commencing new business as the result of protests of government
contracts that we are awarded.

After a government contract is awarded, a competing bidder may protest the award. If we are awarded
a contract and it is protested, it will be necessary to incur costs to defend the award of the
contract. Costs to defend an award may be significant and could include hiring experts to defend
the basis for the contract award. Some contract protests may take years to resolve. In some
instances where we are awarded a contract, the contracting government entity may request that we
sign a contract and commence services, even though the contract award has been protested. If the
protest is upheld, then our contract would be terminated and the amounts due to us for services
that have been performed to date would be subject to payment pursuant to the terms of the
terminated contract. Such terms may not provide for full recovery of our incurred costs. In
addition, if the government agency requests that we make changes to our contractual agreement
during a protest period, but the government agency is unable or unwilling to modify the contract at
the end of the protest period (whether or not we are successful in defending the protest), we may
be unable to recover the full costs incurred in making such changes. In addition, we may suffer
negative publicity as the result of any contract protest being upheld and our contract being
terminated. Further, if the

15

Table of Contents

contract is re-bid, we could incur additional costs associated with the re-bid process and be
subject to a potential protest if we are awarded a subsequent contract.

Some of our contracts contain provisions that could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, operating results and cash flows. Additionally, our inability to control costs could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

Most of our contracts permit termination in the event our performance is not consistent with the
service levels specified in those contracts, or require us to provide credits to our clients for
failure to meet those service levels. The invoking of those termination or service level penalty
provisions by clients, or the seeking of damages by clients permitted under those contracts or the
loss of our reputation if clients are not satisfied with our level of performance, could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

Other contracts contain pricing provisions requiring that our services be priced based on a fixed
price or a fixed price per transaction. Our pricing is dependent on our internal forecasts and
predictions about our projects and the marketplace, which might be based on limited data and could
turn out to be inaccurate. If we do not accurately estimate the costs and timing for completing
projects, or if we encounter increased or unexpected costs, delays, failures or risks, including
those outside our control, our contracts could prove unprofitable for us or yield lower profit
margins than anticipated. In addition, some contract provisions permit a client to request that
their pricing be established by reference to a pre-established standard or benchmark and some of
our contracts contain re-pricing provisions which can result in reductions of our fees for
performing our services. In such situations, we are exposed to the risk that we may be unable to
price our services to levels that will permit recovery of our costs, and may adversely affect our
operating results and cash flow.

Our inability to control our costs and improve our efficiency would also materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow. Our cost reduction
initiatives might not be sufficient to respond to all pressures on our pricing and, even if we
achieve some cost savings, we could experience erosion of operating income as a percentage of
revenues before reimbursements if current pricing pressures accelerate.

Claims associated with our actuarial consulting and benefit plan management services could
negatively impact our business.

In May 2005, we acquired the human resources consulting business of Mellon Financial Corporation,
which includes actuarial consulting services related to commercial, governmental and Taft-Hartley
pension plans. Providers of these types of consulting services have experienced frequent claims,
some of which have resulted in litigation and significant settlements or judgments, particularly
when investment markets have performed poorly and pension funding levels have been adversely
impacted. In addition, our total benefits outsourcing business unit manages and administers benefit
plans on behalf of its clients and is responsible for processing numerous plan transactions for
current and former employees of those clients. We are subject to claims from our client and its
current and former employees if transactions are not properly processed. If any claim is made
against us in the future related to our actuarial consulting services or benefit plan management
services, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be
materially and adversely affected as a result of the time and cost required to defend such a claim,
the cost of settling such a claim or paying any judgments resulting therefrom, or the damage to our
reputation in the industry that could result from the negative publicity surrounding such a claim.

We may be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights which could
adversely affect our business.

We rely heavily on the use of intellectual property. We do not own the majority of the software
that we use to run our business; instead we license this software from a small number of primary
vendors. If these vendors assert claims that we or our clients are infringing on their software or
related intellectual property, we could incur substantial costs to defend these claims, which could
have a material effect on our profitability and cash flow. In addition, if any of our vendors’
infringement claims are ultimately successful, our vendors could require us (1) to cease selling or
using products or services that incorporate the challenged software or technology, (2) to obtain a
license or additional licenses from our vendors, or (3) to redesign our products and services which
rely on the challenged software or technology. In addition, we may be exposed to claims for
monetary damages. If we are unsuccessful in defending an infringement claim and our vendors require
us to initiate any of the above actions, or we are required to pay monetary damages, then such
actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations, prospects and cash flow.

16

Table of Contents

We are subject to United States and foreign jurisdiction laws relating to individually identifiable
information, and failure to comply with those laws, whether or not inadvertent, could subject us to
legal actions and negatively impact our operations.

We process, transmit and store information relating to identifiable individuals, both in our role
as a service provider and as an employer. As a result, we are subject to numerous United States
(both federal and state) and foreign jurisdiction laws and regulations designed to protect
individually identifiable information, including social security numbers, financial and health
information. For example, in 1996, Congress passed the Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act and as required therein, the Department of Health and Human Services established
regulations governing, among other things, the privacy, security and electronic transmission of
individually identifiable health information. We have taken measures to comply with each of those
regulations on or before the required dates. Another example is the European Union Directive on
Data Protection, entitled “Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24
October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on
the free movement of such data.” We have also taken steps to address the requirements of that
Directive. Other United States (both federal and state) and foreign jurisdiction laws apply to the
processing of individually identifiable information as well, and additional legislation may be
enacted at any time. Failure to comply with these types of laws may subject us to, among other
things, liability for monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity,
restrictions on our ability to process information and allegations by our clients that we have not
performed our contractual obligations, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our
profitability and cash flow.

We are subject to breaches of our security system.

We have implemented security systems with the intent of maintaining the physical security of our
facilities and protecting our, our clients’ and our suppliers’ confidential information and
information related to identifiable individuals against unauthorized access through our information
systems or by other electronic transmission or through the misdirection, theft or loss of physical
media. These include, for example, the encryption of information. Despite such efforts, we are
subject to breach of security systems which may result in unauthorized access to our facilities
and/or the information we are trying to protect. If unauthorized parties gain physical access to a
Company facility or electronic access to our information systems or such information is
misdirected, lost or stolen during transmission or transport, any theft or misuse of such
information could result in, among other things, unfavorable publicity, governmental inquiry and
oversight, difficulty in marketing our services, allegations by our clients that we have not
performed our contractual obligations, litigation by affected parties and possible financial
obligations for damages related to the theft or misuse of such information, any of which may have a
material adverse effect on our profitability and cash flow.

Budget deficits and/or fluctuations in the number of requests for proposals issued by state and
local governments and their agencies may adversely impact our business.

Approximately 40% of our fiscal year 2008 revenues were derived from contracts with federal, state
and local governments and their agencies. From time to time, state and local government clients may
face budget deficits. Also, the number of requests for proposals issued by state and local
government agencies are subject to fluctuation. A significant number of government contracts have
provisions permitting termination by the contracting government agency for convenience. If state
and local budgets were to be reduced, then services we provided could become non-essential and our
contracts could be terminated and future contracting opportunities for government contracts could
be limited. Such an event could reduce our revenue and profitability.

Our international and domestic operations are subject to a number of risks.

Recently we have expanded our international operations and also continually evaluate the
acquisition of companies formed and operating in foreign countries. We have approximately 20,000
employees in Mexico, India, the Philippines, Jamaica, Ghana, the United Kingdom, Spain, Canada,
Guatemala, Malaysia, Dominican Republic and France, as well as a number of other countries, that
primarily support our commercial business process and information technology services. Our
international operations and acquisitions are subject to a number of risks. These risks include the
possible impact on our operations of the laws of foreign countries where we may do business
including, among others, data privacy, laws regarding licensing and labor council requirements. In
addition, we may experience difficulty integrating the management and operations of businesses we
acquire internationally, and we may have difficulty attracting, retaining and motivating highly
skilled and qualified personnel to staff key managerial positions in our ongoing international
operations. Our international operations

17

Table of Contents

may also be impacted by trade restrictions, such as tariffs and duties or other trade controls
imposed by the United States or other jurisdictions, as well as other factors that may adversely
affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Because of these foreign operations
we are subject to regulations, such as those administered by the Department of Treasury’s Office of
Foreign Assets Controls (“OFAC”) and export control regulations administered by the Department of
Commerce. Violation of these regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against our
officers, and prohibitions against exporting, as well as damage to our reputation, which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.

In addition, our international and domestic operations and facilities and those of our clients are
subject to a number of risks related to general economic, social and political conditions in the
countries where we or they operate, including, among others, fluctuations in cultural differences,
political instability, acts of violence, armed hostilities or natural disasters, employee work
stoppages or strikes and the additional expenses and risks inherent in conducting worldwide
operations across geographically distant locations.

Our operating results may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.

Although we report our operating results in U.S. dollars, a percentage of our revenues are
denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates can have a number of adverse effects on us.

•

 Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we
must translate revenues, expenses and income, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S.
dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period.
Therefore, changes in the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies will affect
our revenues, operating income and the value of balance-sheet items originally denominated
in other currencies. Declines in the value of other currencies against the U.S. dollar
could cause our consolidated earnings stated in U.S. dollars to be lower than our
consolidated earnings in local currency and could affect our reported results when
compared against other periods. Conversely, increases in the value of other currencies
against the U.S. dollar could cause our consolidated earnings stated in U.S. dollars to be
higher than our consolidated earnings in local currency and could affect our reported
results when compared against other periods. There is no guarantee that our financial
results will not be adversely affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

•

 In some countries we could be subject to strict restrictions on the movement of
cash and the exchange of foreign currencies, which could limit our ability to use this
cash across our global operations. 

•

 As we continue to leverage our global delivery model, more of our expenses are
incurred in currencies other than those in which we bill for the related services. An
increase in the value of certain currencies against the U.S. dollar could increase costs
for delivery of services at off-shore sites by increasing labor and other costs that are
denominated in local currency, and there can be no assurance that our contractual
provisions or any currency hedging activities would offset this impact. This could result
in a decrease in the profitability of our contracts that are utilizing delivery center
resources. 

A failure to attract and retain necessary technical personnel, skilled management and qualified
subcontractors may have an adverse impact on our business.

Because we operate in intensely competitive markets, our success depends to a significant extent
upon our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled and qualified personnel and to
subcontract with qualified, competent subcontractors. If we fail to attract, train, and retain
sufficient numbers of qualified engineers, technical staff and sales and marketing representatives
or are unable to contract with qualified, competent subcontractors, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected. Experienced and
capable personnel in the technology industry remain in high demand, and there is continual
competition for their talents. Additionally, we may be required to increase our hiring in
geographic areas outside of the United States, which could subject us to increased geopolitical and
exchange rate risk. Our success also depends on the skills, experience, and performance of key
members of our management team. The loss of any key employee or the loss of a key subcontractor
relationship could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flow, results
of operations and prospects.

18

Table of Contents

Risks associated with loans that we service may reduce our profitability and cash flow.

Our Commercial Education business service (for various lenders and under various service
agreements) a portfolio of approximately 2.8 million loans with an outstanding principal balance of
approximately $39.9 billion as of June 30, 2008 made under the Federal Family Education Loan
Program, which loans are guaranteed by a federal government agency. If a loan is in default, then a
claim is made upon the guarantor. If the guarantor denies the claim because of a servicing error,
then under certain of the servicing agreements we may be required to purchase the loan from the
lender. Upon purchase of the loan, we attempt to cure the servicing errors and either sell the loan
back to the guarantor (which must occur within a specified period of time) or sell the loan on the
open market to a third party. We are subject to the risk that we may be unable to cure the
servicing errors or sell the loan on the open market. Our reserves, which are based on historical
information, may be inadequate if our servicing performance results in the requirement that we
repurchase a substantial number of loans, which repurchase could have a material adverse impact on
our cash flow and profitability.

Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law and our stock
ownership could deter takeover attempts.

Some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could delay, defer, prevent or make
more difficult a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest involving our capital stock. Our
stockholders might view transactions such as these as being in their best interests because, for
example, a change of control might result in a price higher than the market price for shares of the
Class A common stock. Among other things, these provisions:

•

 require an 80% vote of the stockholders to amend some provisions of our certificate of incorporation; 

•

 require an 80% vote of the stockholders to amend some provisions of our bylaws; 

•

 permit only our Chairman, President or a majority of the Board of Directors (calculated as if there were no
vacancies) to call stockholder meetings; 

•

 authorize our Board of Directors to issue up to 3 million shares of preferred stock in series with the terms of
each series to be fixed by our Board of Directors; 

•

 authorize our Board of Directors to issue Class B common stock, which shares are entitled to ten votes per share; 

•

 permit directors to be removed, with or without cause, only by a vote of at least 80% of the combined voting
power; and 

•

 specify advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations to be considered at a
meeting of stockholders. 

Further, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law also generally restricts mergers and
other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our voting stock. Further,
we have entered into change of control agreements with certain of our executive officers, which may
have the effect of discouraging an unsolicited takeover proposal.

In addition, Darwin Deason beneficially owns 6,599,372 shares of Class B common stock and 2,740,364
shares of the Class A common stock and controls approximately 44% of our total voting power (based
on shares of both classes of common stock outstanding) as of August 18, 2008. As a result, Mr.
Deason has the requisite voting power to significantly affect many of our significant decisions,
including the power to block corporate actions such as an amendment to most provisions of our
certificate of incorporation. In addition, Mr. Deason has the right to approve the non-management
director nominees. Mr. Deason has an employment agreement, with a term that currently ends on May
18, 2010, provided that such term shall automatically be extended for an additional year on May 18
of each year, unless thirty days prior to May 18 of any year, Mr. Deason gives notice to us that he
does not wish to extend the term or our Board of Directors (upon a unanimous vote of the directors,
except for Mr. Deason) gives notice to Mr. Deason that it does not wish to extend the term.

19

Table of Contents

The price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate significantly, which may result in losses for
investors

.

The market price for the Class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. For
example, during the 52-week period ended August 18, 2008, the closing prices of our Class A common
stock as reported on the NYSE ranged from a high of $57.08 per share to a low of $40.39 per share.
We expect our stock price to be subject to fluctuations as a result of a variety of factors,
including factors beyond our control. Because of this volatility, we may fail to meet the
expectations of our stockholders or of securities analysts at some time in the future, and our
stock price could decline as a result.

In addition, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have
particularly affected the trading prices of equity securities of many high technology companies.
These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to changes in the operating
performance of these companies. Any negative change in the public’s perception of information
technology companies could depress our stock price regardless of our operating results.

Other Risks

We have attempted to identify material risk factors currently affecting our business and company.
However, additional risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently believe are immaterial,
may occur or become material. These risks could impair our business operations or adversely affect
revenues, cash flow or profitability.