The risks described below should not be considered to be comprehensive and all-inclusive.
Additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we currently think are immaterial may also
impair our business operations. If any events occur that give rise to the following risks, our
business, financial condition, cash flow or results of operations could be materially and adversely
affected, and as a result, the trading price of our Class A common stock could be materially and
adversely impacted. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with other information set
forth in this report, including our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes.

We have issued debt and have a substantial uncommitted facility available to us. Our debt service
cost could limit cash flow available to fund our operations, and may limit our ability to obtain
further debt or equity financing.

As of June 30, 2007, we have outstanding approximately $500 million of Senior Notes (defined in
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations –
Liquidity and Capital Resources – Credit Facilities) we sold in a public offering in June 2005, and
approximately $1.8 billion is drawn under our Credit Facility (defined

7

Table of Contents

in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations –
Liquidity and Capital Resources – Senior Notes). The Credit Facility provides for a senior secured
term loan facility of $1.8 billion, with the ability to increase it by up to $2 billion (as of June
30, 2007), under certain circumstances (the “Term Loan Facility”) and a senior secured revolving
credit facility of $1 billion with the ability to increase it by up to $750 million (the “Revolving
Facility”). Substantially all of our assets are pledged to secure our Credit Facility and our
Senior Notes.

If we are fully drawn under our Credit Facility (including the increase resulting from the
accordion features of the Revolving Facility), the book value of our equity may be in a deficit
position. The interest rates under the Credit Facility fluctuate with changes in the market rates
and with changes in our leverage ratio. Thus, our debt service cost will increase as market
interest rates increase and as our leverage ratio increases. It will be necessary to utilize cash
flow from operating activities to fund debt service cost related to our indebtedness. If we fail to
have sufficient cash flow to satisfy the debt service cost of our indebtedness, then we could
default on our indebtedness, resulting in foreclosure on the assets used to conduct our business.
In addition, reduction of our available cash flow may negatively impact our business, including our
ability to make future acquisitions, ability to compete for customer contracts requiring upfront
capital costs, and our ability to meet our other obligations. Further, the amount of our
indebtedness and our reduction in available cash flow may limit our ability to obtain further debt
or equity financing.

Alleged defaults and purported acceleration of our Senior Notes, if upheld in litigation, could
have a negative impact on our cash flow and divert resources that could otherwise be utilized in
our business operations.

Certain holders of our Senior Notes have alleged that we have defaulted under our Senior Notes and
have accelerated payment of the principal and accrued interest on the Senior Notes. We have taken
the position that no default and no acceleration has occurred with respect to the Senior Notes or
otherwise under the Indenture dated June 6, 2005 (the “Indenture”) between us and The Bank of New
York Trust Company, N.A., which has been subsequently replaced as Trustee by Wilmington Trust
Company (the “Trustee”), and filed a lawsuit against the Trustee in the United States District
Court, Northern District of Texas, Dallas Division, seeking a declaratory judgment affirming our
position. There can be no assurance of the outcome of that lawsuit. If a final judgment is rendered
that there has been a default and acceleration has occurred, then we may have to pay the principal
and accrued interest under the Senior Notes. While we do have availability under our Credit
Facility to draw funds to repay the Senior Notes, there may be a decrease in our credit
availability that could otherwise be used for other corporate purposes, such as acquisitions and
share repurchases.

The complexity of regulatory environments in which we operate has increased and may continue to
increase our costs.

Our business is subject to increasingly complex corporate governance, public disclosure, accounting
and tax requirements and environmental legislation that have increased both our costs and the risk
of noncompliance. Because our Class A common stock and Senior Notes are publicly traded, we are
subject to certain rules and regulations for federal, state and financial market exchange entities
(including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the SEC and the NYSE). We have
implemented new policies and procedures and continue developing additional policies and procedures
in response to recent corporate scandals and laws enacted by Congress. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, we have made a significant effort to comply with the provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (including, among other things the development of policies and
procedures to satisfy the provisions thereof regarding internal control over financial reporting,
disclosure controls and procedures and certification of financial statements appearing in periodic
reports) and the formation of a compliance department to develop policies and monitor compliance
with laws (including, among others, privacy laws, export control laws, rules and regulations of the
Office of Foreign Asset Controls and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act). Our effort to comply with
these new regulations have resulted in, and are likely to continue resulting in, increased general
and administrative expenses and diversion of management time and attention from revenue generating
activities to compliance activities.

We are subject to the oversight of the SEC and other regulatory agencies and investigations by
those agencies could divert management’s focus and could have a material adverse impact on our
reputation and financial condition.

As a result of this regulation and oversight, we may be subject to legal and administrative
proceedings. We are currently the subject of an ongoing SEC and Department of Justice (“DOJ”)
investigation related to our historical stock option grant practices. As a result of these
investigations, several derivative lawsuits have been filed in connection with our stock option
grant practices generally alleging claims related to breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment
by certain of our directors and senior executives. As the result of these investigations and
shareholder actions, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal costs and a
significant amount of time of our senior management has been focused on these matters that
otherwise would have been directed toward the growth and development of our business. We have
concluded our internal investigation of our stock option grant practices as discussed in Note 21 to
our Consolidated Financial Statements. The SEC and DOJ investigations are continuing and until
these investigations of our stock option grant practices are complete, we are unable to predict the
effect, if any, that these investigations and lawsuits will have on our business and financial
condition,
results of operations and cash flow. We cannot assure that the SEC and/or DOJ will not seek to
impose fines or take other actions against us that could have a significant negative impact on our
financial condition. In addition, publicity surrounding the

8

Table of Contents

SEC’s and DOJ’s investigations, the
derivative causes of actions, or any enforcement action, even if ultimately resolved favorably for
us, could have a material adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition, results of
operations or business.

Reductions of our credit rating may have an adverse impact on our business.

The ratings on our current outstanding obligations currently established by the ratings agencies
are below investment grade. There may be reductions in our ratings if we incur additional
indebtedness, including amounts that may be drawn under our Credit Facility. Below investment grade
ratings could negatively impact our ability to renew contracts with our existing customers, limit
our ability to compete for new customers, result in increased premiums for surety bonds to support
our customer contracts, and/or result in a requirement that we provide collateral to secure our
surety bonds. Further, certain of our commercial outsourcing contracts provide that in the event
our credit ratings are downgraded to specified levels, the customer may elect to terminate its
contract with us and either pay a reduced termination fee or, in some limited instances, no
termination fee. A credit rating downgrade could adversely affect these customer relationships.

A decline in revenues from or a loss of significant clients could reduce our profitability and cash
flow.

Our revenues, profitability, financial condition and cash flow could be materially adversely
affected by the loss of significant clients and/or the reduction of volumes and services provided
to our significant clients as a result of, among other things, their merger or acquisition,
divestiture of assets or businesses, contract expiration, non-renewal or early termination
(including termination for convenience) or business failure or deterioration. In addition, we incur
fixed costs related to our information technology services and business process outsourcing
clients. Therefore the loss of any one of our significant clients could leave us with a
significantly higher level of fixed costs than is necessary to serve our remaining clients, thereby
reducing our profitability and cash flow.

Our ability to recover capital investments in connection with our contracts is subject to risk.

In order to attract and retain large outsourcing contracts we sometimes make significant capital
investments to perform the agreement, such as purchases of information technology equipment and
costs incurred to develop and implement software. The net book value of such assets recorded,
including a portion of our intangible assets, could be impaired, and our earnings and cash flow
could be materially adversely affected in the event of the early termination of all or a part of
such a contract or the reduction in volumes and services thereunder for reasons such as, among
other things, a client’s merger or acquisition, divestiture of assets or businesses, business
failure or deterioration, or a client’s exercise of contract termination rights.

We have non-recurring revenue, which subjects us to a risk that our revenues from year to year may
fluctuate.

Revenue generated from our non-recurring services, including our consulting and unclaimed property
escheatment services, may increase or decrease in relation to the revenue generated from our
recurring services, such as business process outsourcing and information technology outsourcing.
Our mix of non-recurring and recurring revenues is impacted by acquisitions as well as growth in
our non-recurring lines of business. There is less predictability and certainty in the timing and
amount of revenue generated by our non-recurring services and, accordingly, our revenues, results
of operations and cash flow may be significantly impacted by the timing and amounts of revenues
generated from our non-recurring services.

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and we may not be able to compete
effectively.

We expect to encounter additional competition as we address new markets and new competitors enter
our existing markets. If we are forced to lower our pricing or if demand for our services
decreases, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow may be
materially and adversely affected. Some of our competitors have substantially greater resources,
and they may be able to use their resources to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies,
to devote greater resources to the promotion and sale of their products and services, or to obtain
client contracts where sizable asset purchases, investments or financing support are required. In
addition, we must frequently compete with a client’s own internal business process and information
technology capabilities, which may constitute a fixed cost for the client. In the future,
competition could continue to emerge from large computer hardware or software providers as they
shift their business strategy to include services. Competition has also emerged from European and
Indian offshore service providers seeking to expand into our markets and from large consulting
companies seeking operational outsourcing opportunities (please see discussion in Item 1, Part 1.
Business – Competition). Also, we believe that our ability to compete for new business may be
impacted by the uncertainty surrounding our future ownership structure.

We may not be able to make acquisitions that will complement our growth.

Historically, we have made a significant number of acquisitions that have expanded the products and
services we offer, provided a presence in a complementary business or expanded our geographic
presence. We intend to continue our acquisition strategy. Please see discussion in Item 1, Part 1.
Business – Business Strategy. We cannot, however, make any assurances that we will be able to
identify any potential acquisition candidates or consummate any additional acquisitions or that any future

9

Table of Contents

acquisitions will be successfully integrated or will be advantageous to us. Without
additional acquisitions, we are unlikely to maintain historical total growth rates.

A failure to properly manage our operations and our growth could have a material adverse effect on
our business.

We have rapidly expanded our operations in recent years. We intend to continue expansion in the
foreseeable future to pursue existing and potential market opportunities. Some market opportunities
require that we develop software to perform the services we become contractually obligated to
perform, such as our Medicaid activities. This rapid growth places a significant demand on our
management and operational resources. In order to manage growth effectively, we must design,
develop, implement and improve our operational systems, which includes the design, development and
implementation of software, if necessary, and timely development and implementation of procedures
and controls. If we fail to design, develop and implement these systems and to make improvements to
these systems, we may not be able to service our clients’ needs, hire and retain new employees,
pursue new business opportunities, complete future acquisitions or operate our businesses
effectively. We could also trigger contractual credits to clients or a contractual default. Failure
to properly transition new clients to our systems, properly budget transition costs or accurately
estimate new contract operational costs could result in delays in our contract performance, trigger
service level penalties, impairments of fixed or intangible assets or result in contracts whose
profit margins did not meet our expectations or our historical profit margins. Failure to properly
integrate acquired operations could result in increased cost. As a result of any of these problems
associated with expansion, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow
could be materially and adversely affected.

Our Government contracts are subject to termination rights, audits and investigations, which, if
exercised, could negatively impact our reputation and reduce our ability to compete for new
contracts.

Approximately 40% of our fiscal year 2007 revenues were derived from contracts with state and local
governments and from federal government agencies, including our contract with the Department of
Education. Governments and their agencies may terminate most of these contracts at any time,
without cause. Also, our Department of Education contract is subject to the approval of
appropriations being made by the United States Congress to fund the expenditures to be made by the
federal government under this contract. Additionally, government contracts are generally subject to
audits and investigations by government agencies. If the government finds that we improperly
charged any costs to a contract, the costs are not reimbursable or, if already reimbursed, the cost
must be refunded to the government. If the government discovers improper or illegal activities in
the course of audits or investigations, the contractor may be subject to various civil and criminal
penalties and administrative sanctions, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of
profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from doing business with the
government. Any resulting penalties or sanctions could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. Further, the negative publicity
that arises from findings in such audits, investigations or the penalties or sanctions therefore
could have an adverse effect on our reputation in the industry and reduce our ability to compete
for new contracts and may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flow.

We may incur delays in signing and commencing new business as the result of protests of government
contracts that we are awarded.

After an award of a government contract, a competing bidder may protest the award. If we are
awarded the contract and it is protested, it will be necessary to incur costs to defend the award
of the contract. Costs to defend an award may be significant and could include hiring experts to
defend the basis for the contract award. Some contract protests may take years to resolve. In some
instances where we are awarded a contract, the contracting government entity may request that we
sign a contract and commence services, even though the contract award has been protested. If the
protest is upheld, then our contract would be terminated and the amounts due to us for services
that have been performed to date would be subject to payment pursuant to the terms of the
terminated contract. Such terms may not provide for full recovery of our incurred costs. In
addition, if the government agency requests that we make changes to our contractual agreement
during a protest period, but the government agency is unable or unwilling to modify the contract at
the end of the protest period (whether or not we are successful in defending the protest), we may
be unable to recover the full costs incurred in making such changes. In addition, we may suffer
negative publicity as the result of any contract protest being upheld and our contract being
terminated. Further, if there is a re-bid of the contract, we would incur additional costs associated with the re-bid process and be
subject to a potential protest if we are awarded a subsequent contract.

The exercise of contract termination provisions and service level penalties may have an adverse
impact on our business.

Most of our contracts with our clients permit termination in the event our performance is not
consistent with service levels specified in those contracts, or require us to provide credits to
our clients for failure to meet service levels. In addition, if clients are not satisfied with our
level of performance, our clients may seek damages as permitted under the contract and/or our
reputation in the industry may suffer, which could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow.

10

Table of Contents

Some of our contracts contain pricing provisions that could adversely affect our operating results
and cash flow.

Some of our contracts contain pricing provisions requiring that our services be priced based on a
fixed price or a fixed price per transaction. In addition, some contract provisions permit a
customer to request that their pricing be established by reference to a pre-established standard or
benchmark and some of our contracts contain re-pricing provisions which can result in reductions of
our fees for performing our services. In such situations, we are exposed to the risk that we may be
unable to price our services to levels that will permit recovery of our costs, and may adversely
affect our operating results and cash flow.

Claims associated with our actuarial consulting and benefit plan management services could
negatively impact our business.

In May 2005, we acquired the human resources consulting business of Mellon Financial Corporation,
which includes actuarial consulting services related to commercial, governmental and Taft-Hartley
pension plans. Providers of these types of consulting services have experienced frequent claims,
some of which have resulted in litigation and significant settlements or judgments, particularly
when investment markets have performed poorly and pension funding levels have been adversely
impacted. In addition, our total benefits outsourcing business unit manages and administers benefit
plans on behalf of its clients and is responsible for processing numerous plan transactions for
current and former employees of those clients. We are subject to claims from the client and its
current and former employees if transactions are not properly processed. If any claim is made
against us in the future related to our actuarial consulting services or benefit plan management
services, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be
materially adversely affected as a result of the time and cost required to defend such a claim, the
cost of settling such a claim or paying any judgments resulting therefrom, or the damage to our
reputation in the industry that could result from the negative publicity surrounding such a claim.

The loss of or change in our significant software vendor relationships could have a material
adverse effect on our business.

Our ability to service our clients depends to a large extent on our use of various software
programs that we license from a small number of primary software vendors. If our significant
software vendors were to terminate, refuse to renew our contracts with them or offer to renew our
contracts with them on less advantageous terms than previously contracted, we might not be able to
replace the related software programs and would be unable to serve our clients or we would
recognize reduced margins from the contracts with our clients, either of which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, revenues, financial position, profitability and cash flow.

We may be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights which could
adversely affect our business.

We rely heavily on the use of intellectual property. We do not own the majority of the software
that we use to run our business; instead we license this software from a small number of primary
vendors. If these vendors assert claims that we or our clients are infringing on their software or
related intellectual property, we could incur substantial costs to defend these claims, which could
have a material effect on our profitability and cash flow. In addition, if any of our vendors’
infringement claims are ultimately successful, our vendors could require us (1) to cease selling or
using products or services that incorporate the challenged software or technology, (2) to obtain a
license or additional licenses from our vendors, or (3) to redesign our products and services which
rely on the challenged software or technology. If we are unsuccessful in the defense of an
infringement claim and our vendors require us to initiate any of the above actions, then such
actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flow.

We are subject to United States and foreign jurisdiction laws relating to individually identifiable
information, and failure to comply with those laws, whether or not inadvertent, could subject us to
legal actions and negatively impact our operations.

We process, transmit and store information relating to identifiable individuals, both in our role
as a service provider and as an employer. As a result, we are subject to numerous United States
(both federal and state) and foreign jurisdiction laws and regulations designed to protect
individually identifiable information, including social security numbers, financial and health
information. For example, in 1996, Congress passed the Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act and as required therein, the Department of Health and Human Services established
regulations governing, among other things, the privacy, security and electronic transmission of
individually identifiable health information. We have taken measures to comply with each of those
regulations on or before the required dates. Another example is the European Union Directive on
Data Protection, entitled “Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24
October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on
the free movement of such data.” We have also taken steps to address the requirements of that
Directive. Other United States (both federal and state) and foreign jurisdiction laws apply to the
processing of individually identifiable information as well, and additional legislation may be
enacted at any time. Failure to comply with these types of laws may subject us to, among other
things, liability for monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity,
restrictions on our ability to process information and allegations by our clients that we have not
performed our contractual obligations, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our
profitability and cash flow.

11

Table of Contents

We are subject to breaches of our security system.

Security systems have been implemented with the intent of maintaining the physical security of our
facilities and to protecting confidential information and information related to identifiable
individuals against unauthorized access through our information systems. Despite such efforts, we
are subject to breach of security systems which may result in unauthorized access to our facilities
and/or the information we are trying to protect. In addition, we transmit such information
electronically or often rely on third party vendors to transport physical media such as tapes and
disks containing such information to and from our facilities or those of our customers and
suppliers. If unauthorized parties gain physical access to a Company facility or electronic access
to our information systems or such information is misdirected, lost or stolen during transmission
or transport, any theft or misuse of such information could result in, among other things,
unfavorable publicity, governmental inquiry and oversight, difficulty in marketing our services,
allegations by our clients that we have not performed our contractual obligations, litigation by
affected parties and possible financial obligations for damages related to the theft or misuse of
such information, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our profitability and cash
flow.

Budget deficits and/or fluctuations in the number of requests for proposals issued by state and
local governments and their agencies may adversely impact our business.

Approximately 40% of our fiscal year 2007 revenues were derived from contracts with federal, state
and local governments and their agencies. From time to time, state and local governments with which
we have contracts may face budget deficits. Also, the number of requests for proposals issued by
state and local government agencies are subject to fluctuation. A significant number of government
contracts have provisions permitting termination by the contracting government agency for
convenience. If state and local budgets were to be reduced, then services we provided could become
non-essential and our contracts could be terminated and future contracting opportunities for
government contracts would be limited. Such an event would reduce our revenue and profitability.

Our international operations are subject to a number of risks.

Recently we have expanded our international operations and also continually contemplate the
acquisition of companies formed and operating in foreign countries. We have approximately 17,000
employees in Mexico, India, Jamaica, Ghana, the Philippines, Guatemala, Canada, Spain, Malaysia,
United Kingdom, Dominican Republic and France, as well as a number of other countries, that
primarily support our commercial business process and information technology services. Our
international operations and acquisitions are subject to a number of risks. These risks include the
possible impact on our operations of the laws of foreign countries where we may do business
including, among others, data privacy, laws regarding licensing and labor council requirements. In
addition, we may experience difficulty integrating the management and operations of businesses we
acquire internationally, and we may have difficulty attracting, retaining and motivating highly
skilled and qualified personnel to staff key managerial positions in our ongoing international
operations. Further, our international operations are subject to a number of risks related to
general economic and political conditions in foreign countries where we operate, including, among
others, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, cultural differences, political
instability, employee work stoppages or strikes and additional expenses and risks inherent in
conducting operations in geographically distant locations. Our international operations may also be
impacted by trade restrictions, such as tariffs and duties or other trade controls imposed by the
United States or other jurisdictions, as well as other factors that may adversely affect our
business, financial condition and operating results. Because of these foreign operations we are
subject to regulations, such as those administered by the Department of Treasury’s Office of
Foreign Assets Controls (“OFAC”) and export control regulations administered by the Department of
Commerce. Violation of these regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against our
officers, and
prohibitions against exporting, as well as damage to our reputation, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and operating results.

Armed hostilities and terrorist attacks may negatively impact the countries in which we operate.

Our operations and customers are located throughout the globe, including some politically unstable
jurisdictions. Terrorist attacks and further acts of violence or war may cause major instability in
the U.S. and other financial markets in which we operate. In addition, armed hostilities and acts
of terrorism may directly impact our physical facilities and operations, which are located in North
America, Central America, South America, Europe, Africa, Australia, Asia and the Middle East, or
those of our clients. These developments subject our worldwide operations to increased risks and,
depending on their magnitude, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

A failure to attract and retain necessary technical personnel, skilled management and qualified
subcontractors may have an adverse impact on our business.

Because we operate in intensely competitive markets, our success depends to a significant extent
upon our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled and qualified personnel and to
subcontract with qualified, competent subcontractors. If we fail to attract, train, and retain
sufficient numbers of qualified engineers, technical staff and sales and marketing representatives
or are unable to contract with qualified, competent subcontractors, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations

12

Table of Contents

will be materially and adversely affected. Experienced and
capable personnel in the technology industry remain in high demand, and there is continual
competition for their talents. Additionally, we may be required to increase our hiring in
geographic areas outside of the United States, which could subject us to increased geopolitical and
exchange rate risk. Our success also depends on the skills, experience, and performance of key
members of our management team. The loss of any key employee or the loss of a key subcontractor
relationship could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flow, results
of operations and prospects.

Risks associated with loans that we service may reduce our profitability and cash flow.

We service (for various lenders and under various service agreements) a portfolio of approximately
2.2 million loans with an outstanding principal balance of approximately $32.5 billion as of June
30, 2007 made under the Federal Family Education Loan Program, which loans are guaranteed by a
federal government agency. If a loan is in default, then a claim is made upon the guarantor. If the
guarantor denies the claim because of a servicing error, then under certain of the servicing
agreements we may be required to purchase the loan from the lender. Upon purchase of the loan, we
attempt to cure the servicing errors and either sell the loan back to the guarantor (which must
occur within a specified period of time) or sell the loan on the open market to a third party. We
are subject to the risk that we may be unable to cure the servicing errors or sell the loan on the
open market. Our reserves, which are based on historical information, may be inadequate if our
servicing performance results in the requirement that we repurchase a substantial number of loans,
which repurchase could have a material adverse impact on our cash flow and profitability.

A disruption in utility or network services may have a negative impact on our business.

Our services are dependent on other companies providing electricity and other utilities to our
operating facilities, as well as network companies providing connectivity to our facilities and
clients. Since key portions of our business include information technology services and systems
integration, we rely on network connectivity at all times. Many of our facilities are located in
jurisdictions outside of the United States where the provision of utility services, including
electricity and water, may not be consistently reliable. While there are backup systems in many of
our operating facilities, an extended outage of utility or network services may have a material
adverse effect on our operations, revenues, cash flow and profitability.

Our indemnification obligations may have a material adverse effect on our business.

Many of our contracts, including our agreements with respect to divestitures, include various
indemnification obligations. If we are required to satisfy an indemnification obligation, we may
have to spend time and cost to defend and settle claims for our indemnities, which may have a
material adverse effect on our business, profitability and cash flow.

Other Risks

We have attempted to identify material risk factors currently affecting our business and company.
However, additional risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently think are immaterial,
may occur or become material. These risks could impair our business operations or adversely affect
revenues, cash flow or profitability.