As
previously discussed, our actual results could differ materially from our
forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such
differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below. These and
many other factors described in this report could adversely affect our
operations, performance and financial condition.

Adverse
changes in general economic or political conditions in any of the major
countries in which we do business could adversely affect our operating
results.

As our
business has grown, we have become increasingly subject to the risks arising
from adverse changes in domestic and global economic and political conditions.
Uncertainty about future economic and political conditions makes it difficult
for us to forecast operating results and to make decisions about future
investments. For example, the direction and relative strength of the global
economy has recently been increasingly uncertain due to softness in the
residential real estate and mortgage markets, volatility in fuel and other
energy costs, difficulties in the financial services sector and credit markets,
continuing geopolitical uncertainties and other macroeconomic factors affecting
spending behavior. If economic growth in the United States and other countries’
economies is slowed, many customers may delay or reduce technology purchases or
marketing spending. This could result in reductions in sales of our products,
longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price
competition.

The
current global financial crisis affecting the banking system and
financial markets and the possibility that financial institutions may
consolidate or go out of business have resulted in a tightening in the
credit markets, a low level of liquidity in many financial markets,
and extreme volatility in fixed income, credit, currency and equity
markets. There could be a number of follow-on effects from the credit
crisis on our business, including insolvency of certain of our key
distributors, resellers, OEMs, retailers and systems integrators, ISVs and VARs
(collectively referred to as “distributors”), which could impair our
distribution channels, inability of customers, including our distributors, to
obtain credit to finance purchases of our products, and failure of
derivative counterparties and other financial institutions, which could
negatively impact our treasury operations. Other income and expense could
also vary from expectations depending on gains or losses realized on the
sale or exchange of financial instruments, impairment charges related to
investment securities as well as equity and other investments, interest
rates, cash balances, and changes in fair value of derivative instruments.
Any of these events would likely harm our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

Political
instability in any of the major countries we do business in would also likely
harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.

If
we cannot continue to develop, market and distribute new products or upgrades to
existing products that meet customer requirements, our operating results could
suffer.

The
process of developing new high technology products and enhancing existing
products is complex, costly and uncertain, and any failure by us to anticipate
customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends accurately could
significantly harm our market share and results of operations. We must make
long-term investments, develop or obtain appropriate intellectual property and
commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will
accurately reflect customer demand for our products. Our inability to extend our
core technologies into new applications and new platforms and to anticipate or
respond to technological changes could affect continued market acceptance of our
products and our ability to develop new products. Additionally, any delay in the
development, production, marketing or distribution of a new product or upgrade
to an existing product could cause a decline in our revenue, earnings or stock
price and could harm our competitive position.

We offer
our desktop application-based products primarily on Windows and Macintosh
platforms. We generally offer our server-based products on the Linux platform as
well as the Windows and UNIX platforms. To the extent that there is a slowdown
of customer purchases of personal computers on either the Windows or Macintosh
platform or in general, or to the extent that significant demand arises for our
products or competitive products on the Linux desktop or other platforms before
we choose and are able to offer our products on these platforms our business
could be harmed. Additionally, to the extent that

 32

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

we have
difficulty transitioning product or version releases to new Windows and
Macintosh operating systems, or to the extent new releases of operating systems
or other third party products make it more difficult for our products to
perform, our business could be harmed.

Introduction
of new products and business models by existing and new competitors could harm
our competitive position and results of operations.

The
markets for our products are characterized by intense competition, evolving
industry standards and business models, disruptive software and hardware
technology developments, frequent new product introductions, short product life
cycles, price cutting, with resulting downward pressure on gross margins, and
price sensitivity on the part of consumers. Our future success will depend on
our ability to enhance our existing products, introduce new products on a timely
and cost-effective basis, meet changing customer needs, extend our core
technology into new applications, and anticipate and respond to emerging
standards, business models, software delivery methods and other technological
changes. For example, Microsoft Windows Vista operating system which contains a
fixed document format, XPS, competes with Adobe PDF. Additionally, Microsoft
Office 2007, which offers a feature to save Microsoft Office documents as PDF
files through a freely distributed plug-in, competes with Adobe PDF creation
(Microsoft has announced that it will add support for PDF directly in its Office
products beginning in 2009 via SP2 for Office 2007). Microsoft Expression Studio
competes with our Adobe Creative Suite family of products and Microsoft
Silverlight and Visual Studio, Web development tools for RIAs, compete with
Adobe Flash and Adobe Flex. Google Gears and Sun’s JavaFX, alternative
approaches to building RIAs compete with Adobe Flash and Adobe AIR. Companies,
such as Google, Sun, Apple and Microsoft, may introduce competing software
offerings for free or open source vendors may introduce competitive products. In
addition, recent advances in computing and communications technologies have made
the software as a service (“SaaS”) business model viable. SaaS allows companies
to provide applications, data and related services over the Internet. Providers
use primarily advertising or subscription-based revenue models. We are exploring
the deployment of our own SaaS strategies, but may not be able to develop the
infrastructure and business models as quickly as our competitors. If any of
these competing products or services achieve widespread acceptance, our
operating results could suffer. In addition, consolidation has occurred among
some of the competitors in our markets. Any further consolidations among our
competitors may result in stronger competitors and may therefore harm our
results of operations. For additional information regarding our competition and
the risks arising out of the competitive environment in which we operate, see
the section entitled “Competition” contained in Item 1 of this
report.

If
we fail to successfully manage transitions to new business models and markets,
our results of operations could be negatively impacted.

We plan
to release numerous new product offerings and employ new software delivery
methods in connection with our transition to new business models. It is
uncertain whether these strategies will prove successful or that we will be able
to develop the infrastructure and business models as quickly as our competitors.
Market acceptance of these new product and service offerings will be dependent
on our ability to include functionality and usability in such releases that
address certain customer requirements with which we have limited prior
experience and operating history. Additionally, customer requirements for open
standards or open source products could impact adoption or use with respect to
some of our products. To the extent we incorrectly estimate customer
requirements for such products or services or if there is a delay in market
acceptance of such products or services, our business could be
harmed.

From time
to time we open source certain of our technology initiatives, provide broader
open access to certain of our technology, such as our Open Screen Project, and
release selected technology for industry standardization. These changes may have
negative revenue implications and make it easier for our competitors to produce
products similar to ours. If we are unable to respond to these competitive
threats, our business could be harmed.

We are
also devoting significant resources to the development of technologies and
service offerings in markets where we have a limited operating history,
including the enterprise, government and mobile and device markets. In the
enterprise and government markets, we intend to increase our focus on vertical
markets such as education, financial services, manufacturing, and the
architecture, engineering and construction markets and horizontal markets such
as training and marketing. These new offerings and markets require a
considerable investment of technical, financial and sales resources,
and

 33

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

a
scalable organization. Many of our competitors may have advantages over us due
to their larger presence, larger developer network, deeper experience in the
enterprise, government and mobile and device markets, and greater sales and
marketing resources. In the mobile and device markets, our intent is to partner
with device makers, manufacturers and telecommunications carriers to embed our
technology on their platforms, and in the enterprise and government market our
intent is to form strategic alliances with leading enterprise and government
solutions and service providers to provide additional resources to further
enable penetration of such markets. If we are unable to successfully enter into
strategic alliances with device makers, manufacturers, telecommunication
carriers and leading enterprise and government solutions and service providers,
or if they are not as productive as we anticipate, our market penetration may
not proceed as rapidly as we anticipate and our results of operations could be
negatively impacted.

Revenue
from our new businesses may be difficult to predict.

As
previously discussed, we are devoting significant resources to the development
of product and service offerings where we have a limited operating history. This
makes it difficult to predict revenue and revenue may decline quicker than
anticipated. Additionally, we have a limited history of licensing products in
certain markets such as the government and enterprise market and may experience
a number of factors that will make our revenue less predictable, including
longer than expected sales and implementation cycles, decision to open source
certain of our technology initiatives, potential deferral of revenue due to
multiple-element revenue arrangements and alternate licensing arrangements. If
any of our assumptions about revenue from our new businesses prove incorrect,
our actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or
projected.

We
may incur substantial costs enforcing or acquiring intellectual property rights
and defending against third-party claims as a result of litigation or other
proceedings.

In
connection with the enforcement of our own intellectual property rights, the
acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights, or disputes relating to
the validity or alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property
rights, including patent rights, we have been, are currently and may in the
future be subject to claims, negotiations or complex, protracted litigation.
Intellectual property disputes and litigation are typically very costly and can
be disruptive to our business operations by diverting the attention and energies
of management and key technical personnel. Although we have successfully
defended or resolved past litigation and disputes, we may not prevail in any
ongoing or future litigation and disputes. Third party intellectual property
disputes could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to enter into
royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable terms, prevent us from
manufacturing or licensing certain of our products, subject us to injunctions
restricting our sale of products, cause severe disruptions to our operations or
the markets in which we compete, or require us to satisfy indemnification
commitments with our customers including contractual provisions under various
license arrangements. In addition, we may incur significant costs in acquiring
the necessary third party intellectual property rights for use in our products.
Any of these could seriously harm our business.

We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights, including our
source code, from third-party infringers, or unauthorized copying, use,
disclosure or malicious attack.

Although
we defend our intellectual property rights and combat unlicensed copying and use
of software and intellectual property rights through a variety of techniques,
preventing unauthorized use or infringement of our rights is inherently
difficult. We actively pursue software pirates as part of our enforcement of our
intellectual property rights, but we nonetheless lose significant revenue due to
illegal use of our software. If piracy activities increase, it may further harm
our business.

Additionally,
we take significant measures to protect the secrecy of our confidential
information and trade secrets, including our source code. If unauthorized
disclosure of our source code occurs, we could potentially lose future trade
secret protection for that source code. The loss of future trade secret
protection could make it easier for third parties to compete with our products
by copying functionality, which could adversely affect our revenue and operating
margins. We also seek to protect our confidential information and trade secrets
through the use of non-disclosure agreements with our customers, contractors,
vendors, and partners. However there is a risk that our confidential information
and trade secrets may be

 34

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

disclosed
or published without our authorization, and in these situations it may be
difficult and or costly for us to enforce our rights.

We also
devote significant resources to maintaining the security of our products from
malicious hackers who develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious
software programs that attack our products. Nevertheless, actual or perceived
security vulnerabilities in our products could harm our reputation and lead some
customers to seek to return products, to reduce or delay future purchases, to
use competitive products or to make claims against us. Also, with the
introduction of hosted services with some of our product offerings, our
customers may use such services to share confidential and sensitive information.
If a breach of security occurs on these hosted systems, we could be held liable
to our customers. Additionally, such breaches could lead to interruptions,
delays and data loss and protection concerns as well as harm to our
reputation.

We
may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future acquisitions, and
integration of these acquisitions may disrupt our business and
management.

We have
in the past and may in the future acquire additional companies, products or
technologies. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of an acquisition and
each acquisition has numerous risks. These risks include:

 ·

 difficulty
 in assimilating the operations and personnel of the acquired
 company;

 ·

 difficulty
 in effectively integrating the acquired technologies or products with our
 current products and technologies;

 ·

 difficulty
 in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and
 integration;

 ·

 disruption
 of our ongoing business and distraction of our management and employees
 from other opportunities and
challenges;

 ·

 difficulty
 integrating the acquired company’s accounting, management information,
 human resources and other administrative
 systems;

 ·

 inability
 to retain key technical and managerial personnel of the acquired
 business;

 ·

 inability
 to retain key customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners
 of the acquired business;

 ·

 inability
 to achieve the financial and strategic goals for the acquired and combined
 businesses;

 ·

 inability
 to take advantage of anticipated tax benefits as a result of unforeseen
 difficulties in our integration
activities;

 ·

 incurring
 acquisition-related costs or amortization costs for acquired intangible
 assets that could impact our operating
results;

 ·

 potential
 impairment of our relationships with employees, customers, partners,
 distributors or third-party providers of technology or
 products;

 ·

 potential
 failure of the due diligence processes to identify significant problems,
 liabilities or other shortcomings or challenges of an acquired company or
 technology, including but not limited to, issues with the acquired
 company’s intellectual property, product quality or product architecture,
 revenue recognition or other accounting practices, employee, customer or
 partner issues or legal and financial
 contingencies;

 ·

 exposure
 to litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims
 or litigation risk as a result of, an acquisition, including but not
 limited to, claims from terminated employees, customers, former
 stockholders or other third
parties;

 ·

 incurring
 significant exit charges if products acquired in business combinations are
 unsuccessful;

 ·

 potential
 inability to assert that internal controls over financial reporting are
 effective;

 35

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

 ·

 potential
 inability to obtain, or obtain in a timely manner, approvals from
 governmental authorities, which could delay or prevent such acquisitions;
 and

 ·

 potential
 delay in customer and distributor purchasing decisions due to uncertainty
 about the direction of our product
offerings.

Mergers
and acquisitions of high technology companies are inherently risky, and
ultimately, if we do not complete an announced acquisition transaction or
integrate an acquired business successfully and in a timely manner, we may not
realize the benefits of the acquisition to the extent anticipated.

Failure
to manage our sales and distribution channels effectively could result in a loss
of revenue and harm to our business.

 A
significant amount of our revenue for application products is from two
distributors, Ingram Micro, Inc. and Tech Data Corporation, which represented
18% and 9% of our net revenue for fiscal 2008, respectively. We have multiple
non-exclusive, independently negotiated distribution agreements with Ingram
Micro and Tech Data and their subsidiaries covering our arrangements in
specified countries and regions. Each of these contracts has an independent
duration, is independent of any other agreement (such as a master distribution
agreement) and any termination of one agreement does not affect the status of
any of the other agreements. In fiscal 2008, no single agreement with these
distributors was responsible for over 10% of our total net revenue. If any one
of our agreements with these distributors were terminated, we believe we could
make arrangements with new or existing distributors to distribute our products
without a substantial disruption to our business; however, any prolonged delay
in securing a replacement distributor could have a negative short-term impact on
our results of operations.

 Our
distributors also sell our competitors’ products, and if they favor our
competitors’ products for any reason, they may fail to market our products as
effectively or to devote resources necessary to provide effective sales, which
would cause our results to suffer. We also distribute some products through our
OEM channel, and if our OEM partners decide not to bundle our applications on
their devices, our results could suffer.

 In
addition, the financial health of our distributors and our continuing
relationships with them are important to our success. Some of these distributors
may be unable to withstand adverse changes in current economic conditions, which
could result in insolvency of certain of our distributors and/or the inability
of our distributors to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products.
In addition, weakness in the end-user market could further negatively affect the
cash flow of our distributors who could, in turn, delay paying their obligations
to us, which would increase our credit risk exposure. Our business could be
harmed if the financial condition of some of these distributors substantially
weakens and we were unable to timely secure replacement
distributors.

 We also
sell certain of our products through our direct sales force. Risks associated
with this sales channel include a longer sales cycle associated with direct
sales efforts, difficulty in hiring, retaining and motivating our direct sales
force, and substantial amounts of training for sales representatives, including
regular updates to cover new and upgraded
products.

Catastrophic
events may disrupt our business.

We are a
highly automated business and rely on our network infrastructure and enterprise
applications, internal technology systems and our Web site for our development,
marketing, operational, support, hosted services and sales activities. A
disruption or failure of these systems in the event of a major earthquake, fire,
telecommunications failure, cyber-attack, war, terrorist attack, or other
catastrophic event could cause system interruptions, reputational harm, delays
in our product development, breaches of data security and loss of critical data
and could prevent us from fulfilling our customers’ orders. Our corporate
headquarters, a significant portion of our research and development activities,
our data centers, and certain other critical business operations are located in
San Jose, California, which is near major earthquake faults. We have developed
certain disaster recovery plans and certain backup systems to reduce the
potentially adverse effect of such events, but a catastrophic event that results
in the destruction or disruption of any of our data centers or our critical
business or information technology systems could severely affect our ability to
conduct normal business operations and, as a result, our future operating
results could be adversely affected.

 36

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

Net
revenue, margin or earnings shortfalls or the volatility of the market generally
may cause the market price of our stock to decline.

The
market price for our common stock has experienced significant fluctuations and
may continue to fluctuate significantly. The market price for our common stock
may be affected by a number of factors, including shortfalls in our net revenue,
margins, earnings or key performance metrics, changes in estimates or
recommendations by securities analysts, the announcement of new products or
product enhancements by us or our competitors, quarterly variations in our or
our competitors’ results of operations, developments in our industry; unusual
events such as significant acquisitions, divestitures and litigation, general
socio-economic, political or market conditions and other factors, including
factors unrelated to our operating performance.

We
are subject to risks associated with international operations which may harm our
business.

We
generate over 50% of our total revenue from sales to customers outside of the
Americas. Sales to these customers subject us to a number of risks,
including:

 ·

 foreign
 currency fluctuations;

 ·

 changes
 in government preferences for software
 procurement;

 ·

 international
 economic, political and labor
conditions;

 ·

 tax
 laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign
 subsidiaries);

 ·

 unexpected
 changes in, or impositions of, international legislative or regulatory
 requirements;

 ·

 failure
 of foreign laws to protect our intellectual property rights
 adequately;

 ·

 inadequate
 local infrastructure;

 ·

 delays
 resulting from difficulty in obtaining export licenses for certain
 technology, tariffs, quotas and other trade barriers and
 restrictions;

 ·

 transportation
 delays;

 ·

 the
 burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, including consumer
 and data protection laws; and

 ·

 other
 factors beyond our control, including terrorism, war, natural disasters
 and diseases.

If sales
to any of our customers outside of the Americas are delayed or cancelled because
of any of the above factors, our revenue may be negatively
impacted.

In
addition, approximately 43% of our employees are located outside the United
States. This means we have exposure to changes in foreign laws governing our
relationships with our employees, including wage and hour laws and regulations,
fair labor standards, unemployment tax rates, workers’ compensation rates,
citizenship requirements and payroll and other taxes, which likely would have a
direct impact on our operating costs. We also intend to expand our international
operations and international sales and marketing activities. Expansion in
international markets has required, and will continue to require, significant
management attention and resources. We may be unable to scale our infrastructure
effectively, or as quickly as our competitors, in these markets, which would
cause our results to suffer. Moreover, local laws and customs in many countries
differ significantly from those in the United States. We incur additional legal
compliance costs associated with our international operations and could become
subject to legal penalties in foreign countries if we do not comply with local
laws and regulations, which may be substantially different from those in the
United States. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing
economies, it is common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by
United States regulations applicable to us such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act. Although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance
with these laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees,
contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain
of our business operations, including those based in or from
countries

 37

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

where
practices which violate such United States laws may be customary, will not take
actions in violation of our policies. Any such violation, even if prohibited by
our policies, could have an adverse effect on our business.

We
may incur losses associated with currency fluctuations and may not be able to
effectively hedge our exposure.

Our
operating results are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates. We attempt to mitigate a portion of these risks through foreign currency
hedging, based on our judgment of the appropriate trade-offs among risk,
opportunity and expense. We have established a hedging program to partially
hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations primarily for
the Japanese Yen and the Euro. We regularly review our hedging program and make
adjustments as necessary based on the judgment factors discussed above. Our
hedging activities may not offset more than a portion of the adverse financial
impact resulting from unfavorable movement in foreign currency exchange rates,
which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of
operations.

Changes
in, or interpretations of, accounting principles could result in unfavorable
accounting charges.

We
prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). These
principles are subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to
interpret and create appropriate accounting principles. A change in these
principles can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even
retroactively affect previously reported transactions. Our accounting principles
that recently have been or may be affected by changes in the accounting
principles are as follows:

 ·

 software
 revenue recognition;

 ·

 accounting
 for stock-based compensation;

 ·

 accounting
 for income taxes; and

 ·

 accounting
 for business combinations and related
goodwill.

For
example, in the first quarter of fiscal 2006, we adopted SFAS No. 123
(revised 2004) (“SFAS 123R”), “Share-Based Payment” which requires the
measurement of all stock-based compensation to employees, including grants of
employee stock options, using a fair-value-based method and the recording of
such expense in our consolidated statements of income. The adoption of
SFAS 123R has had, and will continue to have, a significant adverse effect
on our reported financial results.

We also
adopted FIN 48 in the first quarter of fiscal 2008. The adoption of
FIN 48 resulted in an increase to both assets and liabilities in our
condensed consolidated balance sheet as of the beginning of fiscal 2008 and may
create increased volatility in our future operating results.

In
December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141 (revised 2007), (“SFAS 141R”),
“Business Combinations,” which changes the accounting for business combinations
including the measurement of acquirer shares issued in consideration for a
business combination, the recognition of contingent consideration, the
accounting for pre-acquisition gain and loss contingencies, the recognition of
capitalized in-process research and development, the accounting for acquisition
related restructuring liabilities, the treatment of acquisition related
transaction costs and the recognition of changes in the acquirer’s income tax
valuation allowance. SFAS 141R is effective for financial statements issued
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008. We are in the process
of evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of Statement 141R. We currently
believe that the adoption of Statement 141R will result in the recognition of
certain types of expenses in our results of operations that we currently
capitalize pursuant to existing accounting standards and may also impact our
financial statements in other ways.

 38

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

If
our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired we may be required
to record a significant charge to earnings.

Under
GAAP, we review our goodwill and amortizable intangible assets for impairment
when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be
recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at least annually.
Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the
carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may not be
recoverable include a decline in stock price and market capitalization, future
cash flows, and slower growth rates in our industry. We may be required to
record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the
period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets
is determined, resulting in an impact on our results of operations. For example,
our Mobile and Device Solutions business, which will be reported as part of our
Platform segment in fiscal 2009, is in an emerging market with high growth
potential. We recently announced the Open Screen Project. As part of the
project, we will be removing the license fees on the next major releases of
Adobe Flash Player and Adobe AIR for devices. Accordingly, we would expect
revenue from this segment to decrease beginning in the first quarter of fiscal
2009. Although we would expect this decrease to be offset in time by an
increased demand for tooling products, server technologies, hosted services and
applications, if future revenue or revenue forecasts for our Platform segment do
not meet our expectations, we may be required to record a charge to earnings
reflecting an impairment of recorded goodwill or intangible assets.

Changes
in, or interpretations of, tax rules and regulations may adversely affect our
effective tax rates.

We are a
U.S. based multinational company subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign tax
jurisdictions. Unanticipated changes in our tax rates could affect our future
results of operations. Our future effective tax rates could be unfavorably
affected by changes in, or interpretation of, tax rules and regulations in the
jurisdictions in which we do business, by unanticipated decreases in the amount
of revenue or earnings in countries with low statutory tax rates, by lapses of
the availability of the U.S. research and development tax credit, or by changes
in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities.

In
addition, we are subject to the continual examination of our income tax returns
by the IRS and other domestic and foreign tax authorities, including a current
examination by the IRS for our fiscal 2005, 2006 and 2007 tax returns. These
examinations are expected to focus on our intercompany transfer pricing
practices as well as other matters. We regularly assess the likelihood of
outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our
provision for income taxes and have reserved for potential adjustments that may
result from the current examination. We believe such estimates to be reasonable;
however, there can be no assurance that the final determination of any of these
examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and
financial position.

If
we are unable to recruit and retain key personnel our business may be
harmed.

Much of
our future success depends on the continued service and availability of our
senior management. These individuals have acquired specialized knowledge and
skills with respect to Adobe. The loss of any of these individuals could harm
our business. Our business is also dependent on our ability to retain, hire and
motivate talented, highly skilled personnel. Experienced personnel in the
information technology industry are in high demand and competition for their
talents is intense, especially in the Bay Area, where many of our employees are
located. We have relied on our ability to grant equity compensation as one
mechanism for recruiting and retaining such highly skilled personnel. Recently
enacted accounting regulations requiring the expensing of equity compensation
may impair our ability to provide these incentives without incurring significant
compensation costs. Additionally, the recent significant adverse volatility in
our stock price has resulted in many employees’ stock option exercise prices
exceeding the underlying stock’s market value as well as deterioration in the
value of employees’ restricted stock units granted, thus lessening the
effectiveness of retaining employees through stock-based awards. If we are
unable to continue to successfully attract and retain key personnel, our
business may be harmed.

 39

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

Our
investment portfolio may become impaired by deterioration of the capital
markets.

Our cash
equivalent and short-term investment portfolio as of November 28, 2008 consisted
of US treasury securities, bonds of government agencies, obligations of foreign
governments, corporate bonds and taxable money market mutual funds. We follow an
established investment policy and set of guidelines to monitor and help mitigate
our exposure to interest rate and credit risk. The policy sets forth credit
quality standards and limits our exposure to any one issuer, as well as our
maximum exposure to various asset classes.

As a
result of current adverse financial market conditions, investments in some
financial instruments, such as structured investment vehicles, sub-prime
mortgage-backed securities and collateralized debt obligations, may pose risks
arising from recent market liquidity and credit concerns. As of November 28,
2008, we had no direct holdings in these categories of investments and our
indirect exposure to these financial instruments through our holdings in money
market mutual funds was immaterial. As of November 28, 2008, we had no material
impairment charges associated with our short-term investment portfolio relating
to such adverse financial market conditions. Although we believe our current
investment portfolio has very little risk of material impairment, we cannot
predict future market conditions or market liquidity and can provide no
assurance that our investment portfolio will remain materially
unimpaired.

We
may suffer losses from our equity investments which could harm our
business.

We have
investments and plan to continue to make future investments in privately-held
companies, many of which are considered in the start-up or development stages.
These investments are inherently risky, as the market for the technologies or
products these companies have under development is typically in the early stages
and may never materialize. Our investment activities can impact our net income.
Future price fluctuations in these securities and any significant long-term
declines in value of any of our investments could reduce our net income in
future periods.

We
rely on turnkey assemblers and any adverse change in our relationship with our
turnkey assemblers could result in a loss of revenue and harm our
business.

We
currently rely on six turnkey assemblers of our products, with at least two
turnkeys located in each major region we serve. If any significant turnkey
assembler terminates its relationship with us, or if our supply from any
significant turnkey assembler is interrupted or terminated for any other reason,
we may not have enough time or be able to replace the supply of products
replicated by that turnkey assembler to avoid serious harm to our
business.

 40

 TABLE OF CONTENTS