As
previously discussed, our actual results could differ materially from our
forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such
differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below. These and
many other factors described in this report could adversely affect our
operations, performance and financial condition.

The
ongoing economic downturn and continued uncertainty in the financial markets and
other adverse changes in general economic or political conditions in any of the
major countries in which we do business could adversely affect our operating
results.

As our
business has grown, we have become increasingly subject to the risks arising
from adverse changes in domestic and global economic and political conditions.
Uncertainty about future economic and political conditions makes it difficult
for us to forecast operating results and to make decisions about future
investments. For example, the direction and relative strength of the global
economy continues to be uncertain due to softness in the real estate and
mortgage markets, volatility in

 34

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

fuel and
other energy costs, difficulties in the financial services sector and credit
markets, continuing geopolitical uncertainties, increasing unemployment and
other macro-economic factors affecting spending behavior. If economic growth in
the U.S. and other countries continues to be slow and does not improve, many
customers may delay or reduce technology purchases, advertising spending or
marketing spending. This could result in continued reductions in sales of our
products and services, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies
and increased price competition.

    The current
global financial crisis affecting the banking system and financial markets
and the possibility that financial institutions may consolidate or go out of
business have resulted in a tightening in the credit markets, a low level
of liquidity in many financial markets, and increased volatility in fixed
income, credit, currency and equity markets. There could be a number of
follow-on effects from the credit crisis on our business, including
insolvency of certain of our key distributors, resellers, OEMs, retailers and
systems integrators, ISVs and VARs (collectively referred to as “distributors”),
which could impair our distribution channels, inability of customers, including
our distributors, to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products and
services, and failure of derivative counterparties and other financial
institutions, which could negatively impact our treasury operations. Other
income and expense could also vary from expectations depending on gains or
losses realized on the sale or exchange of financial instruments,
impairment charges related to investment securities as well as equity and other
investments, interest rates, cash balances, and changes in fair value of
derivative instruments. Any of these events would likely harm our business,
results of operations and financial condition.

Political
instability in any of the major countries we do business in would also likely
harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.

If
we cannot continue to develop, market and distribute new products and services
or upgrades or enhancements to existing products and services that meet customer
requirements, our operating results could suffer.

The
process of developing new high technology products and services and enhancing
existing products and services is complex, costly and uncertain, and any failure
by us to anticipate customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends
accurately could significantly harm our market share and results of operations.
We must make long-term investments, develop or obtain appropriate intellectual
property and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions
will accurately reflect customer demand for our products and services. Our
inability to extend our core technologies into new applications and new
platforms, including the mobile and embedded devices market, and to anticipate
or respond to technological changes could affect continued market acceptance of
our products and services and our ability to develop new products and services.
Additionally, any delay in the development, production, marketing or
distribution of a new product or service or upgrade or enhancement to an
existing product or service could cause a decline in our revenue, earnings or
stock price and could harm our competitive position.  We maintain
strategic relationships with third parties with respect to the distribution of
certain of our technologies.  If we are unsuccessful in establishing
or maintaining our strategic relationships with these third parties, our ability
to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenues would be impaired and our
operating results would suffer.

We offer
our desktop application-based products primarily on Windows and Macintosh
platforms. We generally offer our server-based products on the Linux platform as
well as the Windows and UNIX platforms. To the extent that there is a slowdown
of customer purchases of personal computers on either the Windows or Macintosh
platform or in general, or to the extent that significant demand arises for our
products or competitive products on other platforms before we choose and are
able to offer our products on these platforms our business could be harmed.
Additionally, to the extent that we have difficulty transitioning product or
version releases to new Windows and Macintosh operating systems, or to the
extent new releases of operating systems or other third-party products make it
more difficult for our products to perform, our business could be
harmed.

Introduction
of new products, services and business models by existing and new competitors
could harm our competitive position and results of operations.

The
markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition,
evolving industry standards and business models, disruptive software and
hardware technology developments, frequent new product and service
introductions, short product and service life cycles, price cutting, with
resulting downward pressure on gross margins, and price sensitivity on the part
of consumers. Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance our
existing products and services, introduce new products and services on a timely
and cost-effective basis, meet changing customer needs, extend our core
technology into new applications, and anticipate and respond to emerging
standards, business models, software delivery

 35

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

methods
and other technological changes.  For example, certain versions of
Microsoft Windows operating systems  contain a 
fixed
document format, XPS, which competes with Adobe PDF. Additionally, certain
versions of Microsoft Office offer a feature to save Microsoft Office documents
as PDF files, which competes with Adobe PDF creation. Microsoft Expression
Studio competes with our Adobe Creative Suite family of products and Microsoft
Silverlight and Visual Studio, Web development tools for RIAs, compete with
Adobe Flash, Adobe Flex and Adobe AIR. Google Gears and Sun’s JavaFX,
alternative approaches to deploying RIAs, compete with Adobe Flash and Adobe
AIR. Additionally, HTML5 specifies scripting application programming interfaces
which if broadly implemented in browsers could compete with Adobe Flash.
Companies, such as Google, Sun, Apple and Microsoft, may introduce competing
software offerings for free or open source vendors may introduce competitive
products. In addition, recent advances in computing and communications
technologies have made the SaaS, or on-demand, business model viable. SaaS
allows companies to provide applications, data and related services over the
Internet. Providers use primarily advertising or subscription-based revenue
models. We are developing and deploying our own SaaS strategies through various
business units, including our Omniture business unit, but there are significant
competitors in this area as well.  For instance, our Omniture Online
Marketing Suite competes with Google Analytics, which Google offers free of
charge, and other competitive SaaS offerings from companies such as Coremetrics,
Yahoo! and WebTrends.  If any competing products or services in these
areas achieve widespread acceptance, our operating results could suffer. In
addition, consolidation has occurred among some of the competitors in our
markets.  Any further consolidations among our competitors may result
in stronger competitors and may therefore harm our results of operations. For
additional information regarding our competition and the risks arising out of
the competitive environment in which we operate, see the section entitled
“Competition” contained in Item 1 of this report.

If
we fail to successfully manage transitions to new business models and markets,
our results of operations could be negatively impacted.

We plan
to release numerous new product and service offerings and employ new software
delivery methods in connection with our transition to new business models. It is
uncertain whether these strategies will prove successful or that we will be able
to develop the infrastructure and business models as quickly as our competitors.
Market acceptance of these new product and service offerings will be dependent
on our ability to include functionality and usability in such releases that
address certain customer requirements with which we have limited prior
experience and operating history. Some of these new product and service
offerings could subject us to increased risk of legal liability related to the
provision of services as well as cause us to incur significant technical, legal
or other costs. For example, with our introduction of on-demand services, we are
entering a market that is at an early stage of development. Market acceptance of
such services is affected by a variety of factors, including security
reliability of on-demand services, customers concerns with entrusting a third
party to store and manage their data, public concerns regarding privacy and the
enactment of laws or regulations that restrict our ability to provide such
services to customers in the U.S. or internationally. As our business continues
to transition to new business models that may be more highly regulated for
privacy and data security, and to countries outside the U.S. that have more
strict data protection laws, our liability exposure, compliance requirements and
costs may increase. In addition, laws in the areas of privacy and behavioral
tracking and advertising are likely to be passed in the future, which could
result in significant limitations on or changes to the ways in which we can
collect, use, store or transmit the personal information of our customers or
employees, communicate with our customers, and deliver products and
services.  Further, any perception of our practices as an invasion of
privacy, whether or not illegal, may subject us to public
criticism.  Existing and potential future privacy laws, increased
risks related to unauthorized data disclosures and increasing sensitivity of
consumers to use of personal information may create negative public relations
related to our business practices.

Additionally,
customer requirements for open standards or open source products could impact
adoption or use with respect to some of our products or services. To the extent
we incorrectly estimate customer requirements for such products or services or
if there is a delay in market acceptance of such products or services, our
business could be harmed.

From time
to time we open source certain of our technology initiatives, provide broader
open access to certain of our technology, such as our OSP, and release selected
technology for industry standardization. These changes may have negative revenue
implications and make it easier for our competitors to produce products or
services similar to ours. If we are unable to respond to these competitive
threats, our business could be harmed.

 36

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

We are
also devoting significant resources to the development of technologies and
service offerings in markets where we have a limited operating history,
including the enterprise, government and mobile and device markets. In the
enterprise and government markets, we intend to increase our focus on vertical
markets such as education, financial services, manufacturing, and the
architecture, engineering and construction markets and horizontal markets such
as training and marketing. These new offerings and markets require a
considerable investment of technical, financial and sales resources, and

a
scalable organization. Many of our competitors may have advantages over us due
to their larger presence, larger developer network, deeper experience in the
enterprise, government and mobile and device markets, and greater sales and
marketing resources. In the mobile and device markets, our intent is to partner
with device makers, manufacturers and telecommunications carriers to embed our
technology on their platforms, and in the enterprise and government market our
intent is to form strategic alliances with leading enterprise and government
solutions and service providers to provide additional resources to further
enable penetration of such markets. If we are unable to successfully enter into
strategic alliances with device makers, manufacturers, telecommunication
carriers and leading enterprise and government solutions and service providers,
or if they are not as productive as we anticipate, our market penetration may
not proceed as rapidly as we anticipate and our results of operations could be
negatively impacted.

Revenue
from our new businesses may be difficult to predict.

As
previously discussed, we are devoting significant resources to the development
of product and service offerings where we have a limited operating history. This
makes it difficult to predict revenue and revenue may decline quicker than
anticipated. Additionally, we have a limited history of licensing products and
offering services in certain markets such as the government and enterprise
market and may experience a number of factors that will make our revenue less
predictable, including longer than expected sales and implementation cycles,
decision to open source certain of our technology initiatives, potential
deferral of revenue due to multiple-element revenue arrangements and alternate
licensing arrangements. If any of our assumptions about revenue from our new
businesses prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those
anticipated, estimated or projected.

For
instance, the SaaS business model we utilize in our Omniture business unit
typically involves selling services on a subscription basis pursuant to service
agreements that are generally one to three years in length. Although many of our
service agreements contain automatic renewal terms, our customers have no
obligation to renew their subscriptions for our services after the expiration of
their initial subscription period upon providing timely notice of non-renewal
and we cannot provide assurance that these subscriptions will be renewed at the
same or higher level of service, if at all. Moreover, under some circumstances,
some of our customers have the right to cancel their service agreements prior to
the expiration of the terms of their agreements. We cannot be assured that we
will be able to accurately predict future customer renewal rates. Our customers’
renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors,
including their satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our services, the prices of
our services, the prices of services offered by our competitors, mergers and
acquisitions affecting our customer base, reductions in our customers’ spending
levels, or declines in consumer Internet activity as a result of economic
downturns or uncertainty in financial markets. If our customers do not renew
their subscriptions for our services or if they renew on less favorable terms to
us, our revenues may decline.

We
may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future acquisitions, and
integration of these acquisitions may disrupt our business and
management.

We have
in the past and may in the future acquire additional companies, products or
technologies. Most recently, we completed the acquisition of Omniture in October
2009. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of an acquisition and each
acquisition has numerous risks. These risks include:

 ·

 difficulty
 in assimilating the operations and personnel of the acquired
 company;

 ·

 difficulty
 in effectively integrating the acquired technologies, products or services
 with our current  technologies, products or
 services;

 ·

 difficulty
 in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and
 integration;

 ·

 entry
 into markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and
 where competitors in such markets have stronger market
 positions;

 37

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

 ·

 disruption
 of our ongoing business and distraction of our management and employees
 from other opportunities and
challenges;

 ·

 difficulty
 integrating the acquired company’s accounting, management information,
 human resources and other administrative
 systems;

 ·

 inability
 to retain key technical and managerial personnel of the acquired
 business;

 ·

 inability
 to retain key customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners
 of the acquired business;

 ·

 inability
 to achieve the financial and strategic goals for the acquired and combined
 businesses;

 ·

 inability
 to take advantage of anticipated tax benefits as a result of unforeseen
 difficulties in our integration
activities;

 ·

 incurring
 acquisition-related costs or amortization costs for acquired intangible
 assets that could impact our operating
results;

 ·

 potential
 additional exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange
 rates;

 ·

 potential
 impairment of our relationships with employees, customers, partners,
 distributors or third-party providers of our technologies, products or
 services;

 ·

 potential
 failure of the due diligence processes to identify significant problems,
 liabilities or other shortcomings or challenges of an acquired company or
 technology, including but not limited to, issues with the acquired
 company’s intellectual property, product quality or product architecture,
 data back-up and security, revenue recognition or other accounting
 practices, employee, customer or partner issues or legal and financial
 contingencies;

 ·

 exposure
 to litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims
 or litigation risk as a result of, an acquisition, including but not
 limited to, claims from terminated employees, customers, former
 stockholders or other
third-parties;

 ·

 incurring
 significant exit charges if products or services acquired in business
 combinations are unsuccessful;

 ·

 potential
 inability to assert that internal controls over financial reporting are
 effective;

 ·

 potential
 inability to obtain, or obtain in a timely manner, approvals from
 governmental authorities, which could delay or prevent such
 acquisitions;

 ·

 potential
 delay in customer and distributor purchasing decisions due to uncertainty
 about the direction of our product and service offerings;
 and

 ·

 potential
 incompatibility of business
cultures.

Mergers
and acquisitions of high technology companies are inherently risky, and
ultimately, if we do not complete an announced acquisition transaction or
integrate an acquired business successfully and in a timely manner, we may not
realize the benefits of the acquisition to the extent anticipated.

We
may incur substantial costs enforcing or acquiring intellectual property rights
and defending against third-party claims as a result of litigation or other
proceedings.

In
connection with the enforcement of our own intellectual property rights, the
acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights, or disputes relating to
the validity or alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property
rights, including patent rights, we have been, are currently and may in the
future be subject to claims, negotiations or complex, protracted litigation.
Intellectual property disputes and litigation are typically very costly and can
be disruptive to our business operations by diverting the attention and energies
of management and key technical personnel. Although we have successfully
defended or resolved past litigation and disputes, we may not prevail in any
ongoing or future litigation and disputes. Third-party intellectual property
disputes could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to enter into
royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable terms, prevent us from
licensing certain of our products or offering certain of our services, subject
us to injunctions restricting our sale of products or services, cause severe
disruptions to our operations or the markets in which we compete, or require us
to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers including contractual

 38

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

provisions
under various license arrangements and service agreements. In addition, we may
incur significant costs in acquiring the necessary third-party intellectual
property rights for use in our products. Any of these could seriously harm our
business.

We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights, including our
source code, from third-party infringers, or unauthorized copying, use or
disclosure.

Although
we defend our intellectual property rights and combat unlicensed copying and use
of software and intellectual property rights through a variety of techniques,
preventing unauthorized use or infringement of our rights is inherently
difficult. We actively pursue software pirates as part of our enforcement of our
intellectual property rights, but we nonetheless lose significant revenue due to
illegal use of our software. If piracy activities increase, it may further harm
our business.

    Additionally,
we take significant measures to protect the secrecy of our confidential
information and trade secrets, including our source code. If unauthorized
disclosure of our source code occurs, we could potentially lose future trade
secret protection for that source code. The loss of future trade secret
protection could make it easier for third-parties to compete with our products
by copying functionality, which could adversely affect our revenue and operating
margins. We also seek to protect our confidential information and trade secrets
through the use of non-disclosure agreements with our customers, contractors,
vendors, and partners. However there is a risk that our confidential information
and trade secrets may be disclosed or published without our authorization, and
in these situations it may be difficult and/or costly for us to enforce our
rights.

Security vulnerabilities in our
products and systems could lead to reduced revenues or to liability
claims.    

Maintaining
the security of computers and computer networks is a critical issue for us and
our customers. Hackers develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious
software programs that attack our products and systems. Although this is an
industry-wide problem that affects computers and products across all platforms,
it affects our products in particular because hackers tend to focus their
efforts on the most popular operating systems and programs and we expect them to
continue to do so. Critical vulnerabilities have been identified in certain of
our products. These vulnerabilities could cause the application to crash and
could potentially allow an attacker to take control of the affected
system.

We devote
significant resources to address security vulnerabilities through engineering
more secure products, enhancing security and reliability features in our
products and systems, code hardening, deploying security updates to address
security vulnerabilities and improving our incident response time. The cost of
these steps could reduce our operating margins. Despite these efforts, actual or
perceived security vulnerabilities in our products and systems may lead to
claims against us and harm our reputation, and could lead some customers to seek
to return products, to stop using certain services, to reduce or delay future
purchases of products or services, or to use competing products or services.
Customers may also increase their expenditures on protecting their existing
computer systems from attack, which could delay adoption of new technologies.
Any of these actions by customers could adversely affect our
revenue.

Some
of our businesses rely on us or third-party service providers to host and
deliver services, and any interruptions or delays in our service or service from
these third parties, security or privacy breaches, or failures in data
collection could expose us to liability and harm our business and
reputation.

Some of
our businesses, including our Omniture business unit, rely on hosted services
from us or third parties. Because we hold large amounts of customer data and
host certain of  such data in third-party facilities, a security
incident may compromise the integrity or availability of customer data, or
customer data may be exposed to unauthorized access. Unauthorized access to
customer data may be obtained through break-ins, breach of our secure network by
an unauthorized party, employee theft or misuse, or other misconduct. It is also
possible that unauthorized access to customer data may be obtained through
inadequate use of security controls by customers. While strong password
controls, IP restriction and account controls are provided and supported, their
use is controlled by the customer. For example, this could allow accounts to be
created with weak passwords, which could result in allowing an attacker to gain
access to customer data. Additionally, failure by customers to remove accounts
of their own employees, or granting of accounts by the customer in an
uncontrolled manner, may allow for access by former or unauthorized customer
employees. If there were ever an inadvertent disclosure of personally
identifiable information, or if a third party were to gain unauthorized access
to the personally identifiable information we possess, our operations could be
disrupted, our reputation could be harmed and we could be subject to
claims

 39

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

or other
liabilities. In addition, such perceived or actual unauthorized disclosure of
the information we collect or breach of our security could result in the loss of
customers and harm our business.

Because
of the large amount of data that we collect and manage on behalf of our
customers, it is possible that hardware failures or errors in our systems could
result in data loss or corruption or cause the information that we collect to be
incomplete or contain inaccuracies that our customers regard as significant.
Furthermore, our ability to collect and report data may be delayed or
interrupted by a number of factors, including access to the Internet, the
failure of our network or software systems, security breaches or significant
variability in visitor traffic on customer Websites. In addition, computer
viruses may harm our systems causing us to lose data, and the transmission of
computer viruses could expose us to litigation. We may also find, on occasion,
that we cannot deliver data and reports to our customers in near real time
because of a number of factors, including significant spikes in consumer
activity on their Websites or failures of our network or software. We may be
liable to our customers for damages they may incur resulting from these events,
such as loss of business, loss of future revenues, breach of contract or for the
loss of goodwill to their business. In addition to potential liability, if we
supply inaccurate information or experience interruptions in our ability to
capture, store and supply information in near real time or at all, our
reputation could be harmed and we could lose customers.

On behalf
of certain of our customers using our services, including those using services
offered by our Omniture business unit, we collect and use information derived
from the activities of Website visitors, which may include anonymous and/or
personal information. This enables us to provide such customers with reports on
aggregated anonymous or personal information from and about the visitors to
their Websites in the manner specifically directed by such customers. Federal,
state and foreign government bodies and agencies have adopted or are considering
adopting laws regarding the collection, use and disclosure of this information.
Therefore, our compliance with privacy laws and regulations and our reputation
among the public body of Website visitors depend on such customers’ adherence to
privacy laws and regulations and their use of our services in ways consistent
with such visitors’ expectations. We also rely on representations made to
us by customers that their own use of our services and the information we
provide to them via our services do not violate any applicable privacy laws,
rules and regulations or their own privacy policies. We ask customers to
represent to us that they provide their Website visitors the opportunity to
“opt-out” of the information collection associated with our services, as
applicable. We do not formally audit such customers to confirm compliance with
these representations. If these representations are false or if such customers
do not otherwise comply with applicable privacy laws, we could face potentially
adverse publicity and possible legal or other regulatory action.

Failure
to manage our sales and distribution channels and third-party customer service
and technical support providers effectively could result in a loss of revenue
and harm to our business.

A
significant amount of our revenue for application products is from two
distributors, Ingram Micro, Inc. and Tech Data Corporation, which represented
15% and 8% of our net revenue for fiscal 2009, respectively. We have multiple
non-exclusive, independently negotiated distribution agreements with Ingram
Micro and Tech Data and their subsidiaries covering our arrangements in
specified countries and regions. Each of these contracts has an independent
duration, is independent of any other agreement (such as a master distribution
agreement) and any termination of one agreement does not affect the status of
any of the other agreements. In fiscal 2009, no single agreement with these
distributors was responsible for over 10% of our total net revenue. If any one
of our agreements with these distributors were terminated, we believe we could
make arrangements with new or existing distributors to distribute our products
without a substantial disruption to our business; however, any prolonged delay
in securing a replacement distributor could have a negative short-term impact on
our results of operations.

Successfully
managing our indirect channel efforts to reach various potential customer
segments for our products and services is a complex process. Our distributors
are independent businesses that we do not control. Notwithstanding the
independence of our channel partners, we face potential legal risk from the
activities of these third parties including, but not limited to, export control
violations, corruption and anti-competitive behavior. Although we have
undertaken efforts to reduce these third-party risks, they remain present. We
cannot be certain that our distribution channel will continue to market or sell
our products effectively. If we are not successful, we may lose sales
opportunities, customers and revenues.

Our
distributors also sell our competitors’ products, and if they favor our
competitors’ products for any reason, they may fail to market our products as
effectively or to devote resources necessary to provide effective sales, which
would cause our results to suffer. We also distribute some products through our
OEM channel, and if our OEMs decide not to bundle our applications on their
devices, our results could suffer.

 40

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

In
addition, the financial health of our distributors and our continuing
relationships with them are important to our success. Some of these distributors
may be unable to withstand adverse changes in current economic conditions, which
could result in insolvency of certain of our distributors and/or the inability
of our distributors to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products.
In addition, weakness in the end-user market could further negatively affect the
cash flow of our distributors who could, in turn, delay paying their obligations
to us, which would increase our credit risk exposure. Our business could be
harmed if the financial condition of some of these distributors substantially
weakens and we were unable to timely secure replacement
distributors.

We also
sell certain of our products and services through our direct sales force. Risks
associated with this sales channel include a longer sales cycle associated with
direct sales efforts, difficulty in hiring, retaining and motivating our direct
sales force, and substantial amounts of training for sales representatives,
including regular updates to cover new and upgraded products and services.
Moreover, our recent hires and sales personnel added through our recent business
acquisitions may not become as productive as we would like, as in most cases it
takes a significant period of time before they achieve full productivity. Our
business could be seriously harmed if these expansion efforts do not generate a
corresponding significant increase in revenues and we are unable to achieve the
efficiencies we anticipate.

We also
provide products and services, directly and indirectly, to a variety of
governmental entities, both domestically and internationally. The licensing and
sale of products and services to governmental entities  may require
adherence to complex specific procurement regulations and other
requirements.  While we believe we have adequate controls in this
area, failure to effectively manage this complexity and satisfy these
requirements could result in the potential assessment of penalties and fines,
harm to our reputation and lost sales opportunities to such governmental
entities.

We
outsource a substantial portion of our customer service and technical support
activities to third-party service providers. We rely heavily on these
third-party customer service and technical support representatives working on
our behalf and we expect to continue to rely heavily on third parties in the
future. This strategy provides us with lower operating costs and greater
flexibility, but also presents risks to our business, including the
possibilities that we may not be able to impact the quality of support that we
provide as directly as we would be able to do in our own company-run call
centers, and that our customers may react negatively to providing information
to, and receiving support from, third-party organizations, especially if based
overseas. If we encounter problems with our third-party customer service and
technical support providers, our reputation may be harmed and our revenue may be
adversely affected.

Catastrophic
events may disrupt our business.

We are a
highly automated business and rely on our network infrastructure and enterprise
applications, internal technology systems and our Website for our development,
marketing, operational, support, hosted services and sales activities. In
addition, some of our businesses rely on third-party hosted services and we do
not control the operation of third-party data center facilities serving our
customers from around the world, which increases our vulnerability. A
disruption, infiltration or failure of these systems or third party hosted
services in the event of a major earthquake, fire, power loss,
telecommunications failure, cyber attack, war, terrorist attack, or other
catastrophic event could cause system interruptions, reputational harm, loss of
intellectual property, delays in our product development, lengthy interruptions
in our services, breaches of data security and loss of critical data and could
prevent us from fulfilling our customers’ orders. Our corporate headquarters, a
significant portion of our research and development activities, certain of our
data centers, and certain other critical business operations are located in San
Jose, California, which is near major earthquake faults. We have developed
certain disaster recovery plans and certain backup systems to reduce the
potentially adverse effect of such events, but a catastrophic event that results
in the destruction or disruption of any of our data centers or our critical
business or information technology systems could severely affect our ability to
conduct normal business operations and, as a result, our future operating
results could be adversely affected.

Net
revenue, margin or earnings shortfalls or the volatility of the market generally
may cause the market price of our stock to decline.

The
market price for our common stock has experienced significant fluctuations and
may continue to fluctuate significantly. The market price for our common stock
may be affected by a number of factors, including shortfalls in our net revenue,
margins, earnings or key performance metrics, changes in estimates or
recommendations by securities analysts; the announcement of new
products,  product enhancements or service introductions by us or our
competitors,  seasonal variations

 41

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

in the
demand for our products and services and the implementation cycles for our new
customers, the loss of a large customer or our inability to increase sales to
existing customers and attract new customers, quarterly variations in our or our
competitors’ results of operations, developments in our industry; unusual events
such as significant acquisitions, divestitures and litigation, general
socio-economic, regulatory, political or market conditions and other factors,
including factors unrelated to our operating performance.

We
are subject to risks associated with global operations which may harm our
business.

We are a
global business that generates over 50% of our total revenue from sales to
customers outside of the Americas. This subjects us to a number of risks,
including:

 ·

 foreign
 currency fluctuations;

 ·

 changes
 in government preferences for software
 procurement;

 ·

 international
 economic, political and labor
conditions;

 ·

 tax
 laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign
 subsidiaries);

 ·

 increased
 financial accounting and reporting burdens and
 complexities;

 ·

 unexpected
 changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory
 requirements;

 ·

 failure
 of laws to protect our intellectual property rights
 adequately;

 ·

 inadequate
 local infrastructure and difficulties in managing and staffing
 international operations;

 ·

 delays
 resulting from difficulty in obtaining export licenses for certain
 technology, tariffs, quotas and other trade barriers and
 restrictions;

 ·

 transportation
 delays;

 ·

 operating
 in locations with a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business
 practices; and

 ·

 other
 factors beyond our control, including terrorism, war, natural disasters
 and diseases.

If sales
to any of our customers outside of the Americas are delayed or cancelled because
of any of the above factors, our revenue may be negatively
impacted.

In
addition, approximately 42% of our employees are located outside the U.S. This
means we have exposure to changes in foreign laws governing our relationships
with our employees, including wage and hour laws and regulations, fair labor
standards, unemployment tax rates, workers’ compensation rates, citizenship
requirements and payroll and other taxes, which likely would have a direct
impact on our operating costs. We also intend to continue expansion of our
international operations and international sales and marketing activities.
Expansion in international markets has required, and will continue to require,
significant management attention and resources. We may be unable to scale our
infrastructure effectively, or as quickly as our competitors, in these markets
and our revenues may not increase to offset these expected increases in costs
and operating expenses, which would cause our results to suffer.

Moreover,
as a global company, we are subject to varied and complex laws, regulations and
customs domestically and internationally. These laws and regulations relate to a
number of aspects of our business, including trade protection, import and export
control, data and transaction processing security, records management, gift
policies, employment and labor relations laws, securities regulations and other
regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment.  The
application of these laws and regulations to our business is often unclear and
may at times conflict. Compliance with these laws and regulations may involve
significant costs or require changes in our business practices that result in
reduced revenue and profitability. Non-compliance could also result in fines,
damages, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our
employees,  prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and damage to
our reputation.  We incur additional legal compliance

 42

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

costs
associated with our global operations and could become subject to legal
penalties in foreign countries if we do not comply with local laws and
regulations, which may be substantially different from those in the U.S. In many
foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common
to engage in business practices that are prohibited by U.S. regulations
applicable to us such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Although we
implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws,
there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents, as
well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business
operations, including those based in or from countries where practices which
violate such U.S. laws may be customary, will not take actions in violation of
our internal policies. Any such violation, even if prohibited by our internal
policies, could have an adverse effect on our business.

We
may incur losses associated with currency fluctuations and may not be able to
effectively hedge our exposure.

Our
operating results are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates. We attempt to mitigate a portion of these risks through foreign currency
hedging, based on our judgment of the appropriate trade-offs among risk,
opportunity and expense. We have established a hedging program to partially
hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations primarily for
the Japanese Yen and the Euro. We regularly review our hedging program and make
adjustments as necessary based on the judgment factors discussed above. Our
hedging activities may not offset more than a portion of the adverse financial
impact resulting from unfavorable movement in foreign currency exchange rates,
which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of
operations.

Changes
in, or interpretations of, accounting principles could result in unfavorable
accounting charges.

We
prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). These
principles are subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to
interpret and create appropriate accounting principles. A change in these
principles can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even
retroactively affect previously reported transactions. Our accounting principles
that recently have been or may be affected by changes in the accounting
principles are as follows:

 ·

 software
 and subscription revenue
recognition;

 ·

 accounting
 for stock-based compensation;

 ·

 accounting
 for income taxes; and

 ·

 accounting
 for business combinations and related
goodwill.

In
December 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued revised
standards for business combinations, which changes the accounting for business
combinations including timing of the measurement of acquirer shares issued in
consideration for a business combination, the timing of recognition and amount
of contingent consideration, the accounting for pre-acquisition gain and loss
contingencies, the recognition of capitalized in-process research and
development, the accounting for acquisition related restructuring liabilities,
the treatment of acquisition related transaction costs and the recognition of
changes in the acquirer’s income tax valuation allowance. The revised standards
for business combinations is effective for financial statements issued for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008. The revised standards for
business combinations are effective for us beginning the first quarter of fiscal
2010. We currently believe that the adoption of the revised standards for
business combinations will result in the recognition of certain types of
expenses in our results of operations that we currently capitalize pursuant to
existing accounting standards.

If
our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired we may be required
to record a significant charge to earnings.

Under
GAAP, we review our goodwill and amortizable intangible assets for impairment
when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be
recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at least annually.
Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the
carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may not be
recoverable include a decline in stock price and market capitalization, future
cash flows, and slower growth rates in our industry. We may be required to
record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the
period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets
is determined, resulting in an impact on our results of operations. For example,
our Mobile and Device Solutions business, which is reported

 43

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

as part
of our Platform segment in fiscal 2009, is in an emerging market with high
growth potential. In May 2008, we announced the OSP. As part of the project, we
will be removing the license fees on the next major releases of Adobe Flash
Player and Adobe AIR for devices. Revenue from this segment has begun to
decrease. Although we would expect this decrease to be offset in time by an
increased demand for tooling products, server technologies, hosted services and
applications, if future revenue or revenue forecasts for our Platform segment do
not meet our expectations, we may be required to record a charge to earnings
reflecting an impairment of recorded goodwill or intangible assets.

Changes
in, or interpretations of, tax rules and regulations may adversely affect our
effective tax rates.

We are a
U.S. based multinational company subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign tax
jurisdictions. Unanticipated changes in our tax rates could affect our future
results of operations. Our future effective tax rates could be unfavorably
affected by changes in, or interpretation of, tax rules and regulations in the
jurisdictions in which we do business, by unanticipated decreases in the amount
of revenue or earnings in countries with low statutory tax rates, by lapses of
the availability of the U.S. research and development tax credit, or by changes
in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities.

In
addition, we are subject to the continual examination of our income tax returns
by the IRS and other domestic and foreign tax authorities, including a current
examination by the IRS of our fiscal 2005, 2006 and 2007 tax returns. These
examinations are expected to focus on our intercompany transfer pricing
practices as well as other matters. We regularly assess the likelihood of
outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our
provision for income taxes and have reserved for potential adjustments that may
result from the current examination. We believe such estimates to be reasonable;
however, there can be no assurance that the final determination of any of these
examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and
financial position.

If
we are unable to recruit and retain key personnel our business may be
harmed.

Much of
our future success depends on the continued service and availability of our
senior management. These individuals have acquired specialized knowledge and
skills with respect to Adobe. The loss of any of these individuals could harm
our business. Our business is also dependent on our ability to retain, hire and
motivate talented, highly skilled personnel. Experienced personnel in the
information technology industry are in high demand and competition for their
talents is intense, especially in the Bay Area, where many of our employees are
located. We have relied on our ability to grant equity compensation as one
mechanism for recruiting and retaining such highly skilled personnel. Accounting
regulations requiring the expensing of equity compensation may impair our
ability to provide these incentives without incurring significant compensation
costs. Additionally, the recent significant adverse volatility in our stock
price has resulted in many employees’ stock option exercise prices exceeding the
underlying stock’s market value as well as deterioration in the value of
employees’ restricted stock units granted, thus lessening the effectiveness of
retaining employees through stock-based awards. If we are unable to continue to
successfully attract and retain key personnel, our business may be harmed.
Effective succession planning is also a key factor for our long-term success.
Our failure to enable the effective transfer of knowledge and facilitate smooth
transitions with regards to our key employees could adversely affect our
long-term strategic planning and execution.

We
believe that a critical contributor to our success to date has been our
corporate culture, which we believe fosters innovation and teamwork. As we grow,
including from the integration of employees and businesses acquired in
connection with our previous or future acquisitions, we may find it difficult to
maintain important aspects of our corporate culture which could negatively
affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel and otherwise adversely
affect our future success.

Our
investment portfolio may become impaired by deterioration of the capital
markets.

Our cash
equivalent and short-term investment portfolio as of November 27, 2009 consisted
of US treasury securities, bonds of government agencies, obligations of foreign
governments, corporate bonds and taxable money market mutual funds. We follow an
established investment policy and set of guidelines to monitor and help mitigate
our exposure to interest rate and credit risk. The policy sets forth credit
quality standards and limits our exposure to any one issuer, as well as our
maximum exposure to various asset classes.

As a
result of current adverse financial market conditions, investments in some
financial instruments may pose risks arising from recent market liquidity and
credit concerns. As of November 27, 2009, we had no material impairment charges
associated with our short-term investment portfolio relating to such adverse
financial market conditions. Although we believe

 44

 TABLE OF CONTENTS

our
current investment portfolio has very little risk of material impairment, we
cannot predict future market conditions or market liquidity and can provide no
assurance that our investment portfolio will remain materially
unimpaired.

We
may suffer losses from our equity investments which could harm our
business.

We have
investments and plan to continue to make future investments in privately held
companies, many of which are considered in the start-up or development stages.
These investments are inherently risky, as the market for the technologies or
products these companies have under development is typically in the early stages
and may never materialize. Our investment activities can impact our net income.
Future price fluctuations in these securities and any significant long-term
declines in value of any of our investments could reduce our net income in
future periods.

We
rely on turnkey assemblers and any adverse change in our relationship with our
turnkey assemblers could result in a loss of revenue and harm our
business.

We
currently rely on seven turnkey assemblers of our products, with at least two
turnkeys located in each major region we serve.  If any significant
turnkey assembler terminates its relationship with us, or if our supply from any
significant turnkey assembler is interrupted or terminated for any other reason,
we may not have enough time or be able to replace the supply of products
replicated by that turnkey assembler to avoid serious harm to our
business.