As previously discussed, our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such
differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below. These and many other factors described in this report could adversely affect our operations, performance and financial condition. 

Delays in development or shipment of new products or upgrades to existing products could cause a decline in our revenue. 

        Any delays or failures in developing new products or new features for existing products or marketing our products may have a harmful impact on our results of
operations. Our inability to extend our core technologies into new applications and new platforms and to anticipate or respond to technological changes could affect continued market acceptance of our
products and our ability to develop new products. Delays in product or upgrade introductions could cause a decline in our revenue, earnings or stock price. We cannot determine the ultimate effect
these delays or the introduction of new products or upgrades will have on our revenue or results of operations. 

Introduction of new products and business models by existing and new competitors could harm our competitive position and results of operations. 

        The markets for our products are characterized by intense competition, evolving industry standards and business models, rapid software and hardware technology
developments and frequent new product introductions. Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance our existing products, introduce new products on a timely and cost-effective
basis, meet changing customer needs, extend our core technology into new applications, and anticipate and respond to emerging standards, business models and other technological changes. For example,
Microsoft's Windows Vista operating system which contains a new fixed document format, XPS, which competes with Adobe PDF, and its introduction of Office 2007 which offers a feature to save Microsoft
Office documents as PDF files
through a freely distributed plug-in, which competes with Adobe PDF creation. Microsoft also has an Expression line of products targeted at designers and recently introduced Silverlight, a
web development tool for RIAs, which competes with Adobe Flash and Adobe Flex. In addition, companies, such as Google, may introduce competing software offerings for free to support advertising
models, or "open source" vendors may introduce competitive products. If these competing products achieve widespread acceptance, our operating results could suffer. In addition, consolidation has
occurred among some of the competitors in our markets. Any further consolidations among our competitors may result in stronger competitors and may therefore harm our results of operations. For
additional information regarding our competition and the risks arising out of the competitive environment in which we operate, see the section entitled "Competition" contained in Item 1 of this
report. 

If we fail to successfully manage transitions to new business models and markets, our results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

        We are devoting significant resources to the development of technologies and service offerings where we have a limited operating history, including the enterprise
and government markets, the mobile and device markets and software as a service offerings. In the enterprise and government markets, we intend to increase our focus on vertical markets such as
education, financial services, manufacturing, and the architecture, engineering and construction markets and horizontal markets such as training and marketing. These new offerings and markets require
a considerable investment of technical, financial and sales resources, and a scaleable organization. Many of our competitors may have advantages over us due to their larger presence, larger developer
network, deeper experience in the enterprise and government markets and the mobile and device markets, and greater sales and marketing resources. In the mobile and device markets, our intent is to
license our technology to device makers, manufacturers and telecommunications 

36

carriers
that embed our technology on their platforms, and in the enterprise and government market our intent is to form strategic alliances with leading enterprise and government solutions and
service providers to provide additional resources to further enable penetration of such markets. If we are unable to successfully enter into strategic alliances with device makers, manufacturers,
telecommunication carriers and leading enterprise and government solutions and service providers, or if they are not as productive as we anticipate, our market penetration may not proceed as rapidly
as we anticipate and our results of operations could be negatively impacted. Another development is the software as a service business model, by which companies provide applications, data and related
services over the Internet. Providers use primarily advertising or subscription-based revenue models. Recent advances in computing and communications technologies have made this model viable and could
enable the rapid growth of some of our competitors. We are exploring the deployment of our own software as a service strategies, but may not be able to develop the infrastructure and business models
as quickly as our competitors. It is uncertain whether these strategies will prove successful. Additionally, from time to time we "open source" certain of our technology initiatives and release
selected technology for industry standardization. These changes may make it easier for our competitors to produce products similar to ours, and if we are unable to respond to these competitive
threats, our business could be harmed. 

Adverse changes in general economic or political conditions in any of the major countries in which we do business could adversely affect our operating results. 

        As our business has grown, we have become increasingly subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in domestic and global economic and political conditions.
For example, the direction and relative strength of the U.S. economy has recently been increasingly uncertain due to softness in the housing markets, rising oil prices, difficulties in the financial
services sector and continuing geopolitical uncertainties. If economic growth in the United States and other countries' economies is slowed, many customers may delay or reduce technology purchases.
This could result in reductions in sales of our products, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. Any of these events would likely harm our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

        Political
instability in any of the major countries we do business would also likely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Revenue from our new businesses may be difficult to predict. 

        As previously discussed, we are devoting significant resources to the development of product and service offerings where we have a limited operating history. This
makes it difficult to predict revenue and revenue may decline quicker than anticipated. Additionally, we have a limited history of licensing products in certain markets such as the enterprise market
and may experience a number of factors that will make our revenue less predictable, including longer than expected sales and implementation cycles, potential deferral of revenue due to
multiple-element revenue arrangements and alternate licensing arrangements. 

If we fail to anticipate and develop new products in response to changes in demand for application software, computers, printers, or other non PC-devices our
business could be harmed. 

        Any failure to anticipate changing customer requirements and develop and deploy new products in response to changing market conditions may have a material impact
on our results of operations. We plan to release numerous new product offerings in connection with our transition to new business models. Market acceptance of these new product releases will be
dependent on our ability to include functionality and usability in such releases that address the requirements of customer demographics with which we have limited prior experience. To the extent we
incorrectly estimate customer requirements for such products or if there is a delay in market acceptance of such products, our business could be harmed. Additionally, customer requirements for "open
standards" or "open source" products could impact adoption or use with respect to some of our products. 

37

        We
offer our Creative Solutions and Knowledge Worker Solutions application-based products primarily on Windows and Macintosh platforms. We generally offer our server-based products, but
not desktop application products, on the Linux platform as well as the Windows and UNIX platforms. To the extent that there is a slowdown of customer purchases of personal computers on either the
Windows or Macintosh platform or in general, or to the extent that significant demand arises for our products or competitive products on the Linux desktop platform before we choose and are able to
offer our products on this platform, our business could be harmed. Additionally, to the extent that we have difficulty transitioning product or version releases to new Windows and Macintosh operating
systems, or to the extent new releases of operating systems or other third party products make it more difficult for our products to perform, our business could be harmed. 

We may incur substantial costs enforcing or acquiring intellectual property rights and defending against third-party claims as a result of litigation or other proceedings. 

        In connection with the enforcement of our own intellectual property rights, the acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights or disputes relating to
the validity or alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, including patent rights, we have been, are currently and may in the future be subject to claims, negotiations or
complex, protracted litigation. Intellectual property disputes and litigation are typically very costly and can be disruptive to our business operations by diverting the attention and energies of
management and key technical personnel. Although we have successfully defended or resolved past litigation and disputes, we may not prevail in any ongoing or future litigation and disputes. In
addition, we may incur significant costs in acquiring the necessary third party intellectual property rights for use in our products. Third party intellectual property disputes could subject us to
significant liabilities, require us to enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable terms, prevent us from manufacturing or licensing certain of our products, cause severe disruptions
to our operations or the markets in which we compete, or require us to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers including contractual provisions under various license arrangements. Any
of these could seriously harm our business. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights, including our source code, from third-party infringers, or unauthorized copying, use, disclosure or malicious
attack. 

        Although we defend our intellectual property rights and combat unlicensed copying and use of software and intellectual property rights through a variety of
techniques, preventing unauthorized use or infringement of our rights is inherently difficult. We actively pursue software pirates as part of our enforcement of our intellectual property rights, but
we nonetheless lose significant revenue due to illegal use of our software. If piracy activities increase, it may further harm our business. 

        Additionally,
we take significant measures to protect the secrecy of our confidential information and trade secrets, including our source code. If unauthorized disclosure of our source
code occurs, we could potentially lose future trade secret protection for that source code. The loss of future trade secret protection could make it easier for third parties to compete with our
products by copying functionality, which could adversely affect our revenue and operating margins. We also seek to protect our confidential information and trade secrets through the use of
non-disclosure agreements with our customers, contractors, vendors, and partners. However there is a risk that our confidential information and trade secrets may be disclosed or published
without our authorization, and in these situations it may be difficult and or costly for us to enforce our rights. 

        We
also devote significant resources to maintaining the security of our products from malicious hackers who develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that
attack our products. Nevertheless, actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products could harm our reputation and lead some customers to seek to return products, to reduce or delay future
purchases, to use competitive products or to make claims against us. Also, with the introduction of hosted services with some 

38

of
our product offerings, our customers may use such services to share confidential and sensitive information. If a breach of security occurs on these hosted systems, we could be held liable to our
customers. Additionally, such breaches could lead to interruptions, delays and data loss and protection concerns as well as harm to our reputation. 

We may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future acquisitions, and integration of these acquisitions may disrupt our business and management. 

        We have in the past and may in the future acquire additional companies, products or technologies. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of an acquisition
and each acquisition has numerous risks. These risks include: 

•

difficulty
in assimilating the operations and personnel of the acquired company;

•

difficulty
in effectively integrating the acquired technologies or products with our current products and technologies;

•

difficulty
in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and integration;

•

disruption
of our ongoing business and distraction of our management and employees from other opportunities and challenges due to integration issues;

•

difficulty
integrating the acquired company's accounting, management information, human resources and other administrative systems;

•

inability
to retain key technical and managerial personnel of the acquired business;

•

inability
to retain key customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners of the acquired business;

•

inability
to achieve the financial and strategic goals for the acquired and combined businesses;

•

incurring
acquisition-related costs or amortization costs for acquired intangible assets that could impact our operating results;

•

potential
impairment of our relationships with employees, customers, partners, distributors or third-party providers of technology or products;

•

potential
failure of the due diligence processes to identify significant issues with product quality, architecture and development, or legal and financial contingencies,
among other things;

•

incurring
significant exit charges if products acquired in business combinations are unsuccessful;

•

potential
inability to assert that internal controls over financial reporting are effective;

•

potential
inability to obtain, or obtain in a timely manner, approvals from governmental authorities, which could delay or prevent such acquisitions; and

•

potential
delay in customer and distributor purchasing decisions due to uncertainty about the direction of our product offerings. 

        Mergers
and acquisitions of high technology companies are inherently risky, and ultimately, if we do not complete the integration of acquired businesses successfully and in a timely
manner, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions to the extent anticipated, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

39

We rely on distributors to sell our products and any adverse change in our relationship with our distributors could result in a loss of revenue and harm our business. 

        We distribute our application products primarily through distributors, resellers, retailers and increasingly systems integrators, ISVs and VARs (collectively
referred to as "distributors"). A significant amount of our revenue for application products is from two distributors, Ingram Micro, Inc. and Tech Data Corporation which represented 21% and 10%
of our net revenue for fiscal 2007, respectively. In addition, our channel program focuses our efforts on larger distributors, which has resulted in our dependence on a relatively small number of
distributors licensing a large amount of our products. Our distributors also sell our competitors' products, and if they favor our competitors' products for any reason, they may fail to market our
products as effectively or to devote resources necessary to provide effective sales, which would cause our results to suffer. In addition, the financial health of these distributors and our continuing
relationships with them are important to our success. Some of these distributors may be unable to withstand adverse changes in business conditions. Our
business could be seriously harmed if the financial condition of some of these distributors substantially weakens. 

Catastrophic events may disrupt our business. 

        We are a highly automated business and rely on our network infrastructure and enterprise applications, internal technology systems and our Website for our
development, marketing, operational, support, hosted services and sales activities. A disruption or failure of these systems in the event of a major earthquake, fire, telecommunications failure,
cyber-attack, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event could cause system interruptions, delays in our product development and loss of critical data and could prevent us from fulfilling our
customers' orders. Our corporate headquarters, a significant portion of our research and development activities, our data centers, and certain other critical business operations are located in
San Jose, California, which is near major earthquake faults. We have developed certain disaster recovery plans and certain backup systems to reduce the potentially adverse effect of such
events, but a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our data centers or our critical business or information technology systems could severely affect our ability
to conduct normal business operations and, as a result, our future operating results could be adversely affected. 

Our future operating results are difficult to predict and are likely to fluctuate substantially from quarter to quarter and as a result the market price of our common stock may
be volatile and our stock price could decline. 

        As a result of a variety of factors discussed herein, our quarterly revenue and operating results for a particular period are difficult to predict. Our revenue
may grow at a slower rate than experienced in previous periods and, in particular periods, may decline. Additionally, we periodically provide operating model targets. These targets reflect a number of
assumptions, including assumptions about product pricing and demand, economic and seasonal trends, competitive factors, manufacturing costs and volumes, the mix of shrink-wrap and
licensing revenue, full and upgrade products, distribution channels and geographic markets. If one or more of these assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those
anticipated, estimated or projected. 

        Due
to the factors noted above, our future earnings and stock price may be subject to volatility, particularly on a quarterly basis. Shortfalls in revenue or earnings or delays in the
release of products or upgrades compared to analysts' or investors' expectations have caused and could cause in the future an immediate and significant decline in the trading price of our common
stock. Additionally, we may not learn of such shortfalls or delays until late in or after the end of the fiscal quarter, which could result in an even more immediate and greater decline in the trading
price of our common stock. Finally, we participate in a highly dynamic industry. In addition to factors specific to us, changes in analysts' earnings estimates for us or our industry, and factors
affecting the corporate environment, our industry, or the securities markets in general, have resulted, and may in the future result, in volatility of our common stock price. 

40

We are subject to risks associated with international operations which may harm our business. 

        We generate over 50% of our total revenue from sales to customers outside of the Americas. Sales to these customers subject us to a number of risks, including: 

•

foreign
currency fluctuations;

•

changes
in government preferences for software procurement;

•

international
economic and political conditions;

•

unexpected
changes in, or impositions of, international legislative or regulatory requirements;

•

failure
of foreign laws to protect our intellectual property rights adequately;

•

inadequate
local infrastructure;

•

delays
resulting from difficulty in obtaining export licenses for certain technology, tariffs, quotas and other trade barriers and restrictions;

•

transportation
delays;

•

the
burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, including more stringent consumer and data protection laws;

•

and
other factors beyond our control, including terrorism, war, natural disasters and diseases. 

        If
sales to any of our customers outside of the Americas are delayed or cancelled because of any of the above factors, our revenue may be negatively impacted. 

        In
addition, approximately 41% of our employees are located outside the United States. This means we have exposure to changes in foreign laws governing our relationships with our
employees, including wage and hour laws and regulations, fair labor standards, unemployment tax rates, workers' compensation rates, citizenship requirements and payroll and other taxes, which likely
would have a direct impact on our operating costs. We also intend to expand our international operations and international sales and marketing activities. Expansion in international markets has
required and will continue to require significant management attention and resources. Moreover, local laws and customs in many countries differ significantly from those in the United States. We incur
additional legal compliance costs associated with our international operations and could become subject to legal penalties in foreign countries if we do not comply with local laws and regulations,
which may be substantially different from those in the United States. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common to engage in business practices that are
prohibited by United States regulations applicable to us such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there
can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, including those based in or from countries
where practices which violate such United States laws may be customary, will not take actions in violation of our policies. Any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could have an
adverse effect on our business. 

We may incur losses associated with currency fluctuations and may not be able to effectively hedge our exposure. 

        Our operating results are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We attempt to mitigate a portion of these risks through foreign currency
hedging, based on our judgment of the appropriate trade-offs among risk, opportunity and expense. We have established a hedging program to partially hedge our exposure to foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations primarily for the Japanese Yen and the Euro. We regularly review our hedging program and will make adjustments as necessary based on the judgment factors discussed above.
Our hedging activities may not offset more than a portion of the 

41

adverse
financial impact resulting from unfavorable movement in foreign currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 

Changes in, or interpretations of, accounting principles could result in unfavorable accounting charges. 

        We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These principles are
subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles can have a significant effect on our reported
results and may even retroactively affect previously reported transactions. Our accounting principles that recently have been or may be affected by changes in the accounting principles are as follows: 

•

software
revenue recognition;

•

accounting
for stock-based compensation;

•

accounting
for income taxes; and

•

accounting
for business combinations and related goodwill. 

        In
particular, in the first quarter of fiscal 2006, we adopted Statements of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 123 (revised 2004) ("SFAS 123R"), "Share-Based
Payment" which requires the measurement of all stock-based compensation to employees, including grants of employee stock options, using a fair-value-based method and the recording of such
expense in our consolidated statements of income. The adoption of SFAS 123R had a significant adverse effect on our reported financial results. It will continue to significantly adversely
affect our reported financial results and may impact the way in which we conduct our business. 

If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. 

        Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, we review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes
in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances
indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable include a decline in stock price and market capitalization, future cash flows, and slower
growth rates in our industry. We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable
intangible assets is determined, resulting in an impact on our results of operations. In particular, our Mobile and Device Solutions segment, which primarily consists of assets acquired in the
Macromedia acquisition, is in an emerging market with high growth potential. Revenue is based on the introduction of new products and future royalties. If future revenue or revenue forecasts for this
segment do not meet our expectations, we will be required to record a charge to earnings reflecting an impairment of this recorded goodwill or intangible assets. 

Changes in, or interpretations of, tax rules and regulations may adversely affect our effective tax rates. 

        Unanticipated changes in our tax rates could affect our future results of operations. Our future effective tax rates could be unfavorably affected by changes in
tax laws or the interpretation of tax laws, by unanticipated decreases in the amount of revenue or earnings in countries with low statutory tax rates, or by changes in the valuation of our deferred
tax assets and liabilities. In addition, we are subject to the continual examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other domestic and foreign tax authorities, including
a current examination by the Internal Revenue Service for our fiscal 2001, 2002 and 2003 tax returns, primarily related to our intercompany transfer pricing. We regularly assess the 

42

likelihood
of outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and have reserved for potential adjustments that may result from the current
examination. 

        We
believe such estimates to be reasonable; however, there can be no assurance that the final determination of any of these examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating
results and financial position. 

If we are unable to recruit and retain key personnel our business may be harmed. 

        Much of our future success depends on the continued service and availability of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer and other members of
our executive team. These individuals have acquired specialized knowledge and skills with respect to Adobe. The loss of any of these individuals could harm our business. Our business is also dependent
on our ability to retain, hire and motivate talented, highly skilled personnel. Experienced personnel in the information technology industry are in high demand and competition for their talents is
intense, especially in the Bay Area, where many of our employees are located. We have relied on our ability to grant equity compensation as one mechanism for recruiting and retaining such highly
skilled personnel. Recently enacted accounting regulations requiring the expensing of equity compensation may impair our ability to provide these incentives without incurring significant compensation
costs. If we are unable to continue to successfully attract and retain key personnel, our business may be harmed. 

We may suffer losses from our equity investments which could harm our business. 

        We have investments and plan to continue to make future investments in privately-held companies, many of which are considered in the
start-up or development stages. These investments are inherently risky, as the market for the technologies or products these companies have under development is typically in the early
stages and may never materialize. Our investment activities can impact our net income. Future price fluctuations in these securities and any significant long-term declines in value of any
of our investments could reduce our net income in future periods. 

We rely on turnkey assemblers and any adverse change in our relationship with our turnkey assemblers could result in a loss of revenue and harm our business. 

        We currently rely on six turnkey assemblers of our products, with at least two turnkeys located in each major region we serve. If any significant turnkey
assembler terminates its relationship with us, or if our supply from any significant turnkey assembler is interrupted or terminated for any other reason, we may not have enough time or be able to
replace the supply of products replicated by that turnkey assembler to avoid serious harm to our business.