Our business faces many risks. Below we describe some of these
 risks. Additional risks of which we currently are unaware or
 believe to be immaterial may also result in events that could
 impair our business operations. If any of the events or
 circumstances described in the following risks actually occurs,
 our business, financial condition or results of operations may
 suffer, and the trading price of our common stock could decline.

 Risks
 Related to Our Business

 Our
 industry is highly competitive, and our product and services
 sales are subject to significant downward pricing
 pressure.

 Competition in the broadband network infrastructure equipment
 and services industry is intense. Overall spending for
 communications infrastructure products has not increased
 significantly in recent years, and spending levels are expected
 to remain relatively flat in the future. Spending on
 infrastructure equipment for next-generation networks such as
 FTTX products and wireless coverage and capacity solutions,
 however, is expected to increase. Our continued ability to
 compete with other manufacturers of communications equipment
 depends in part on whether we can continue to develop and
 effectively market next-generation infrastructure products.

 We believe our ability to compete with other manufacturers of
 communications equipment products and providers of related
 services depends primarily on our engineering, manufacturing and
 marketing skills; the price, quality and reliability of our
 products; our delivery and service capabilities; and our control
 of operating expenses. We have experienced and anticipate
 greater pricing pressures from our customers as well as our
 competitors.

 Our industry currently is characterized by many vendors pursuing
 relatively few large customers. As a result, our customers have
 the ability to exert significant pressure on us with respect to
 product pricing and other contractual terms. In recent years, a
 number of our large customers have engaged in business
 combination transactions (including the merger of SBC
 Communications and AT&T completed in November 2005 and the
 merger of AT&T and BellSouth completed in December 2006).
 Accordingly, we have fewer large-scale customers, and these
 customers have even greater scale and buying power.

 13

 Many of our competitors have more extensive engineering,
 manufacturing, marketing, financial and personnel resources than
 us. As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more
 quickly to new or emerging technologies or changes in the
 requirements of communications services providers, or offer more
 aggressive pricing.

 Shifts
 in our product mix may result in declines in our gross
 margin.

 Gross margins vary among our product groups and fluctuate from
 quarter to quarter as a result of shifts in product mix
 (i.e., the amount of each type of product we sell in a
 particular quarter), the introduction of new products, decreases
 in average selling prices as products mature and we face
 competitive pricing pressure, and our ability to reduce
 manufacturing and other costs. We expect this fluctuation in
 gross profit to continue in the future. Also, new offerings such
 as our FTTX products typically have lower gross margins than our
 legacy products. As these new products increasingly account for
 a larger percentage of our sales, our gross margins are likely
 to be impacted negatively.

 We are
 becoming increasingly dependent on significant specific network
 expansion projects undertaken by our customers.

 Our business increasingly is focused on the sale of products,
 including our FTTX products, to support customer initiatives to
 expand broadband capabilities in their networks. These products
 increasingly have been deployed by our customers outside their
 central offices in connection with specific capital projects to
 increase network capabilities.

 Because of these project-specific product purchases by our
 customers, the short-term demand for our products can fluctuate
 significantly, and our ability to forecast sales from quarter to
 quarter has diminished substantially. This fluctuation can be
 further affected by the long sales cycles necessary to obtain
 contracts to supply equipment for these projects. These long
 sales cycles may result in significant effort expended with no
 resulting sales or sales that are not made in the anticipated
 quarter.

 In addition, competition among suppliers with respect to these
 capital projects can be intense, particularly because these
 projects often utilize new products that were not previously
 used in customers’ networks. We cannot give any assurance
 that these capital projects will continue or that our products
 will be selected for these equipment deployments.

 Our
 cost-reduction initiatives may not result in anticipated savings
 or more efficient operations.

 Over the past several years, we have implemented, and are
 continuing to implement, significant
 cost-reduction
 measures. These measures have been taken in an effort to improve
 our levels of profitability. We have incurred significant
 restructuring and impairment charges in connection with these

cost-reduction
 efforts. If these measures are not fully completed or are not
 completed in a timely fashion, we may not realize their full
 potential benefit.

 In addition, the efforts to cut costs may not generate the
 savings and improvements in our operating margins and
 profitability we anticipate. Such efforts may also be disruptive
 to our operations. For example, cost savings measures may yield
 unanticipated consequences, such as attrition beyond any planned
 reductions in force or increased difficulties in our day-to-day
 operations, and adversely affect employee morale. Although we
 believe it is necessary to reduce the cost of our operations to
 improve our performance, these initiatives may also preclude us
 from making potentially significant expenditures that could
 improve our product offerings, competitiveness or long-term
 prospects.

 Consolidation
 among our customers has resulted in our loss of customers and
 reduced revenue during the pendency of business combinations and
 related integration activities.

 We believe consolidation among our customers in the future will
 continue to permit them to increase market share and achieve
 greater economies of scale. Consolidation has impacted our
 business as our customers focus on completing business
 combinations and integrating their operations. In certain
 instances,

 14

 customers integrating large-scale acquisitions have reduced
 their purchases of network equipment during the integration
 period. For example, following the merger of SBC Communications
 with AT&T and the merger of AT&T with BellSouth, the
 combined companies initially deferred spending on certain
 network equipment purchases, which resulted in lower product
 sales by ADC to these companies.

 The impact of significant mergers of our customers on our
 business is likely to be unclear until sometime after such
 transactions are completed. After a consolidation occurs, a
 customer may choose to reduce the number of vendors from which
 it purchases equipment and may choose one of our competitors as
 its preferred vendor. There can be no assurance that we will
 continue to supply equipment to the surviving communications
 service provider after a business combination is completed.

 Our
 sales could be impacted negatively if one or more of our key
 customers substantially reduces orders for our
 products.

 Our customer base is relatively concentrated, with our top ten
 customers accounting for 45.5%, 44.0% and 38.5% of net sales for
 fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. In addition, our
 largest customer, Verizon, accounted for 17.8%, 16.0% and 12.3%
 of our net sales in fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.
 The merger of AT&T and BellSouth has created another large
 customer for us. In fiscal 2007, the combined company accounted
 for approximately 15.4% of our sales.

 If we lose a significant customer for any reason, including
 consolidation among our major customers, our sales and gross
 profit will be impacted negatively. Also, in the case of
 products for which we believe potential revenue growth is the
 greatest, our sales remain highly concentrated with the major
 communications service providers. For example, we rely on
 Verizon for a large percentage of our sales of FTTX products.
 The loss of sales due to a decrease in orders from a key
 customer could require us to exit a particular business or
 product line or record impairment or restructuring charges.

 Our
 Professional Services business is exposed to risks associated
 with a highly concentrated customer base.

 Most of our Professional Services are provided to customers in
 the United States. As a result of the merger of SBC
 Communications with AT&T and the merger of AT&T and
 BellSouth, our Professional Services business in the United
 States is heavily dependent upon sales to the combined company
 resulting from these mergers. To date, the combined company has
 deferred the deployment of certain new communications networks.
 If, over the long term, AT&T continues to delay or reduces
 the services we provide to it, we may not be successful in
 finding new customers to replace the lost sales for a period of
 time. Therefore, sales by our Professional Services business
 could decline substantially and have an adverse effect on our
 business and operating results.

 Our
 market is subject to rapid technological change, and, to compete
 effectively, we must continually introduce new products that
 achieve market acceptance.

 The communications equipment industry is characterized by rapid
 technological changes, evolving industry standards, changing
 market conditions and frequent new product and service
 introductions and enhancements. The introduction of products
 using new technologies or the adoption of new industry standards
 can make our existing products, or products under development,
 obsolete or unmarketable. For example, FTTX product sales
 initiatives may impact sales of our non-fiber products
 negatively. In order to remain competitive and increase sales,
 we will need to adapt to these rapidly changing technologies,
 enhance our existing products and introduce new products to
 address the changing demands of our customers.

 We may not predict technological trends or the success of new
 products in the communications equipment market accurately. New
 product development often requires long-term forecasting of
 market trends, development and implementation of new
 technologies and processes and substantial capital commitments.
 For example, during fiscal 2006 and fiscal 2007, we invested
 significant resources in the development and marketing of a new
 line of automated copper cross-connect products. During the
 third quarter of fiscal 2007, following a review of the market
 potential of these products, we curtailed all development and
 marketing

 15

 activities relating to this product line. This resulted in
 inventory and fixed asset write-offs. We do not know whether
 other new products and services we develop will gain market
 acceptance or result in profitable sales.

 Many of our competitors have greater engineering and product
 development resources than we do. Although we expect to continue
 to invest substantial resources in product development
 activities, our efforts to achieve and maintain profitability
 will require us to be selective and focused with our research
 and development expenditures. If we fail to anticipate or
 respond in a cost-effective and timely manner to technological
 developments, changes in industry standards or customer
 requirements, or if we experience any significant delays in
 product development or introduction, our business, operating
 results and financial condition could be affected adversely.

 We may
 not successfully close strategic acquisitions and, if these
 acquisitions are completed, we may have difficulty integrating
 the acquired businesses with our existing
 operations.

 We recently acquired LGC and expect to complete our acquisition
 of Century Man in January 2008. In the future, we intend to
 acquire other companies
 and/or
 product lines that we believe are aligned with our current
 strategic focus. We cannot provide assurances that we will be
 able to find appropriate candidates for acquisitions, reach
 agreement to acquire them, have the cash or other resources
 necessary to acquire them, or close strategic acquisitions
 because of the ability to obtain requisite shareholder or
 regulatory approvals or otherwise. The significant effort and
 management attention invested in a strategic acquisition may not
 result in a completed transaction.

 The impact of future acquisitions on our business, operating
 results and financial condition are not known at this time. In
 the case of LGC, Century Man and other businesses we may acquire
 in the future, we may have difficulty assimilating these
 businesses and their products, services, technologies and
 personnel into our operations. These difficulties could disrupt
 our ongoing business, distract our management and workforce,
 increase our expenses and materially adversely affect our
 operating results and financial condition. Also, we may not be
 able to retain key management and other critical employees after
 an acquisition. We may also acquire unanticipated liabilities.
 In addition to these risks, we may not realize all of the
 anticipated benefits of these acquisitions.

 If we
 seek to secure financing, we may not be able to obtain it on
 acceptable terms.

 Based on current business operations and economic conditions,
 and anticipated cash flows from operations, we currently
 anticipate that our available cash resources (which include
 existing cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale
 securities), will be sufficient to meet our anticipated needs
 for working capital and capital expenditures to execute our
 near-term business plan. If our estimates are incorrect and we
 are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations, we
 may need to raise additional funds. In addition, if the cost of
 one or more of our strategic acquisition opportunities exceeds
 our existing resources, we may be required to seek additional
 capital.

 We currently do not have any significant available lines of
 credit or other significant credit facilities. We currently are
 negotiating the terms of a potential credit facility, but there
 can be no assurance that we can obtain this loan financing on
 acceptable terms. If we raise additional funds by obtaining a
 credit facility or issuing debt, we may be subject to
 restrictive covenants that could limit our operating flexibility
 and interest payments could dilute earnings per share.

 We
 recorded a significant impairment charge during the quarter
 ended October 31, 2007 to reduce the carrying value of certain
 auction rate securities we hold, and we currently expect to
 incur additional impairment charges with respect to auction rate
 securities in fiscal year 2008.

 Credit concerns in the capital markets have significantly
 reduced our ability to liquidate auction rate securities that we
 classify as available-for-sale securities on our balance sheet.
 As of October 31, 2007, we held auction rate securities
 with a par value of $193.0 million. These securities
 represent interests in collateralized debt obligations, a
 portion of which are collateralized by pools of residential and
 commercial mortgages, interest-bearing debt obligations, and
 dividend-yielding preferred stock. Some of the underlying

 16

 collateral for the auction rate securities we hold consists of
 sub-prime mortgages. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007,
 we recorded an other-than-temporary impairment charge of
 $29.4 million to reduce the value of our auction rate
 securities to their estimated fair value of $163.6 million
 as of October 31, 2007.

 In November 2007, we sold at par $23.2 million of the
 auction-rate securities we held at October 31, 2007.
 Subsequently, we received account statements as of
 November 30, 2007 indicating that the fair value of our
 auction rate securities had declined approximately another
 $20.0 million since October 31, 2007. The estimated
 fair value of these securities could decrease or increase
 significantly in the future based on market conditions.

 The current par value of our auction-rate securities portfolio
 is $169.8 million. After adjustment for the
 $29.4 million impairment charge recorded as of
 October 31, 2007 and the estimated further approximately
 $20.0 million decline in the fair value of these securities
 since October 31, 2007, our auction rate securities have an
 estimated fair value of approximately $121.0 million as of
 November 30, 2007. As a result, we expect to record an
 additional impairment charge during the quarter ending
 January 31, 2008, the amount of which will depend on the
 estimated fair value of our auction rate securities as of
 January 31, 2008. In future periods, the estimated fair
 value of our auction rate securities could decline further based
 on market conditions, which could result in additional
 impairment charges. These charges could be substantial.

 Possible
 consolidation among our competitors could result in a loss of
 sales.

 Recently, a number of our competitors have engaged in business
 combination transactions, and we expect to see continued
 consolidation among communication equipment vendors. These
 business combinations may result in our competitors becoming
 financially stronger and obtaining broader product portfolios
 than us. As a result, consolidation could increase the resources
 of our competitors and negatively impact our product sales and
 our profitability.

 Our
 operating results fluctuate significantly from quarter to
 quarter.

 Our operating results are difficult to predict and may fluctuate
 significantly from quarter to quarter. Fluctuations in our
 quarterly operating results may be caused by many factors,
 including the following:

 • 

 the volume and timing of orders from and shipments to our
 customers;

 • 

 the overall level of capital expenditures by our customers;

 • 

 work stoppages and other developments affecting the operations
 of our customers;

 • 

 the timing of and our ability to obtain new customer contracts
 and the timing of revenue recognition;

 • 

 the timing of new product and service announcements;

 • 

 the availability of products and services;

 • 

 market acceptance of new and enhanced versions of our products
 and services;

 • 

 variations in the mix of products and services we sell;

 • 

 the location and utilization of our production capacity and
 employees; and

 • 

 the availability and cost of key components of our products.

 Our expense levels are based in part on expectations of future
 revenues. If revenue levels in a particular quarter are lower
 than expected, our operating results will be affected adversely.

 In the future, we expect sales in our second and third fiscal
 quarters to be higher than sales in our other two fiscal
 quarters. First quarter results are usually adversely affected
 by the holiday season that extends from Thanksgiving through New
 Years Day and the preparation of annual capital spending budgets
 by many of our customers during the first fiscal quarter. In the
 first quarter of fiscal 2008, we anticipate that sales will be
 lower than sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007. In
 addition, we expect fiscal 2008 fourth quarter sales to be lower
 than third quarter sales because capital spending by our
 customers usually declines in the fourth

 17

 quarter of the calendar year. As a result of our proposed
 acquisition of Century Man, in the future, our first
 and/or
 second fiscal quarter results may be adversely affected by lower
 sales in China due to the Lunar New Year holiday.

 The
 regulatory environment in which we and our customers operate is
 changing.

 Although our business is not subject to significant direct
 governmental regulation, the communications services provider
 industry in which our customers operate is subject to
 significant and changing federal and state regulation in the
 United States and regulation in other countries.

 The U.S. Telecommunications Act of 1996 (the
 “Telecommunications Act”) lifted certain restrictions
 on the ability of communications services providers and other
 ADC customers to compete with one another. The
 Telecommunications Act also made other significant changes in
 the regulation of the telecommunications industry. These changes
 generally increased our opportunities to provide communications
 network infrastructure products to providers of Internet, data,
 video and voice networks. However, some of the changes resulting
 from the Telecommunications Act have diminished the return on
 additional investments by our customers in their networks, which
 has reduced demand for some of our products.

 In a 2003 ruling, the Federal Communications Commission
 (“FCC”) terminated its “line-sharing”
 requirements, with the result that major telephone companies are
 no longer legally required to lease space to resellers of
 digital subscriber lines. The FCC ruling also allowed telephone
 companies to maintain sole ownership of newly-built networks
 that often use our FTTX products. While we believe that the
 ruling will generally have a positive effect on our business,
 there can be no assurance that the ruling will result in a
 long-term material increase in the sales of our products.

 The regulatory environment for communication services providers
 is also changing in other countries. In many countries,
 regulators are considering whether service providers should be
 required to provide access to their networks by competitors. For
 example, this issue is currently being debated in Germany and
 Australia. As a result, our FTTX initiatives in these countries
 have been delayed.

 Additional regulatory changes affecting the communications
 industry have occurred and are anticipated both in the United
 States and internationally. For example, a European Union
 directive relating to the restriction of hazardous substances
 (“RoHS”) in electrical and electronic equipment and a
 directive relating to waste electrical and electronic equipment
 (“WEEE”) have been and are being implemented in EU
 member states. Among other things, the RoHS directive restricts
 the use of certain hazardous substances, including lead, in the
 manufacture of electrical and electronic equipment and the WEEE
 directive requires producers of electrical goods to be
 responsible for the collection, recycling, treatment and
 disposal of these goods. Similar laws were passed in China in
 February 2006, as well as in South Korea in April 2007. The
 Chinese law became effective in March 2007. We understand
 governments in other countries are considering implementing
 similar laws or regulations. Our failure to comply with the RoHS
 and WEEE directives, or similar laws and regulations that have
 been and may be implemented in other countries, could result in
 reduced sales of our products, substantial product inventory
 write-offs, reputational damage, monetary penalties and other
 sanctions.

 New regulatory changes could alter demand for our products. In
 addition, recently announced or future regulatory changes could
 come under legal challenge and be altered, which could reverse
 the effect of such changes and their anticipated impact.
 Competition in our markets may intensify as the result of
 changes to existing or new regulations. Accordingly, changes in
 the regulatory environment could adversely affect our business
 and results of operations.

 Conditions
 in global markets could affect our operations.

 Our sales outside the United States accounted for approximately
 39.2%, 41.4% and 43.3% of our net sales in fiscal 2007, 2006 and
 2005, respectively. We expect sales outside the United States to
 remain a significant percentage of net sales in the future. In
 addition to sales and distribution activities in numerous
 countries, we conduct manufacturing or other operations in the
 following countries: Australia, Austria,

 18

 Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Czech Republic, France,
 Germany, Hong Kong, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Israel, Italy,
 Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Philippines, Puerto Rico,
 Russia, Singapore, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sweden,
 Thailand, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, the
 United States, Venezuela and Vietnam.

 Due to our sales and other operations outside the United States,
 we are subject to the risks of conducting business globally.
 These risks include the following:

 • 

 local economic and market conditions;

 • 

 political and economic instability;

 • 

 unexpected changes in or impositions of legislative or
 regulatory requirements;

 • 

 compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and various
 laws in countries in which we are doing business;

 • 

 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;

 • 

 requirements to consult with or obtain the approval of works
 councils or other labor organizations to complete business
 initiatives;

 • 

 tariffs and other barriers and restrictions;

 • 

 longer payment cycles;

 • 

 difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and contract
 rights;

 • 

 greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection;

 • 

 potentially adverse taxes and export and import
 requirements; and

 • 

 the burdens of complying with a variety of
 non-U.S. laws
 and telecommunications standards.

 Our business is also subject to general geopolitical and
 environmental risks, such as terrorism, political and economic
 instability, changes in the costs of key resources such as crude
 oil, changes in diplomatic or trade relationships, natural
 disasters and other possible disruptive events such as pandemic
 illnesses.

 Economic conditions in many of the markets outside the United
 States in which we do business represent significant risks to
 us. Instability in our
 non-U.S. markets,
 such as the Middle East, Asia and Latin America, could have a
 negative impact on our sales and business operations in these
 markets, and we cannot predict whether these unstable conditions
 will have a material adverse effect on our business and results
 of operations. The wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and other
 turmoil in the Middle East and the global war on terror also may
 have negative effects on our business operations. In addition to
 the effect of global economic instability on sales to customers
 outside the United States, sales to United States customers
 could be negatively impacted by these conditions.

 We
 have agreed to acquire Century Man, and, if this acquisition is
 completed, we will be subject to special risks relating to doing
 business in China.

 We have agreed to acquire Century Man, a provider of broadband
 connectivity equipment that conducts almost all of its business
 in China. After this acquisition is completed, our operations in
 China will be subject to significant political, economic and
 legal uncertainties. Changes in laws and regulations or their
 interpretation, or the imposition of confiscatory taxation,
 restrictions on currency conversion, imports and sources of
 supply, devaluations of currency or the nationalization or other
 expropriation of private enterprises could have a material
 adverse effect on the operations of Century Man. Under its
 current leadership, the Chinese government has been pursuing
 economic reform policies that encourage private economic
 activity and greater economic decentralization. However, there
 can be no assurance that the government will continue to pursue
 these policies, especially in the event of a change in
 leadership, social or political disruption or other
 circumstances affecting China’s political and economic
 environment.

 19

 Although not permitted under Chinese law, corruption, extortion,
 bribery, payoffs and other fraudulent practices occur from time
 to time in China. We must comply with U.S. laws prohibiting
 corrupt business practices outside the United States. Foreign
 companies, including some of our competitors, are not subject to
 these laws. If our competitors in China engage in these
 practices, we may be at a competitive disadvantage. We maintain
 a business conduct program to prevent, deter and detect
 violations of law in the conduct of business throughout the
 world. We will conduct a review of Century Man’s business
 practices and will train our personnel in China on appropriate
 ethical and legal business standards. However, a risk will
 remain that our employees will engage in activities that violate
 laws or our corporate policies. This is particularly true in
 instances in which the employees of a company we may acquire may
 not have been previously accustomed to operating under similar
 standards. In the event an employee violates applicable laws
 pertaining to sales practices, accounting standards, facility
 operations or other business or operational requirements, we may
 face substantial penalties, and our business in China could be
 affected adversely.

 Our
 intellectual property rights may not be adequate to protect our
 business.

 Our future success depends in part upon our proprietary
 technology. Although we attempt to protect our proprietary
 technology through patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade
 secrets, these protections are limited. Accordingly, we cannot
 predict whether these protections will be adequate, or whether
 our competitors will develop similar technology independently,
 without violating our proprietary rights. Rights that may be
 granted under any patent application in the future may not
 provide competitive advantages to us. Intellectual property
 protection in foreign jurisdictions may be limited or
 unavailable.

 Many of our competitors have substantially larger portfolios of
 patents and other intellectual property rights than we do. As
 competition in the communications network equipment industry has
 intensified and the functionality of products has continued to
 overlap, we believe that network equipment manufacturers
 increasingly are becoming subject to infringement claims. We
 have received, and expect to continue to receive, notices from
 third parties (including some of our competitors) claiming that
 we are infringing their patents or other proprietary rights. We
 also have asserted patent claims against certain third parties.

 We cannot predict whether we will prevail in any patent
 litigation brought against us by third-parties, or that we will
 be able to license any valid and infringed patents on
 commercially reasonable terms. Unfavorable resolution of such
 litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 results of operations or financial condition. In addition, any
 of these claims, whether with or without merit, could result in
 costly litigation, divert our management’s time and
 attention, delay our product shipments or require us to enter
 into expensive royalty or licensing agreements.

 A third party may not be willing to enter into a royalty or
 licensing agreement on acceptable terms, if at all. If a claim
 of product infringement against us is successful and we fail to
 obtain a license, or develop or license non-infringing
 technology, our business, operating results and financial
 condition could be adversely affected.

 We are
 dependent upon our senior management and other critical
 employees.

 Like all communications technology companies, our success is
 dependent on the efforts and abilities of our senior management
 personnel and other critical employees, including those in
 customer service and product development functions. Our ability
 to attract, retain and motivate these employees is critical to
 our success. In addition, because we may acquire one or more
 businesses in the future, our success will depend, in part, upon
 our ability to retain and integrate our own personnel with
 personnel from acquired entities that are necessary to the
 continued success or the successful integration of the acquired
 businesses.

 Our continuing initiatives to streamline operations as well as
 the challenging business environment in which we operate may
 cause uncertainty in our employee base about whether they will
 have future employment with us. This uncertainty may have an
 adverse effect on our ability to retain and attract key
 personnel.

 20

 Compliance
 with internal control requirements is expensive and poses
 certain risks.

 We expect to incur significant continuing costs, including
 accounting fees and staffing costs, in order to maintain
 compliance with the internal control requirements of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In addition, if we complete
 acquisitions in the future, our ability to integrate operations
 of the acquired company could impact our compliance with
 Section 404 of that legislation.

 Following the fiscal quarter ended February 2, 2007, we
 identified a material weakness in our internal control over
 financial reporting related to the timing of the recording of
 certain impairment charges incurred in connection with the
 classification of one of our business units as a discontinued
 operation. As a result of the need to record these impairment
 charges during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended
 October 31, 2006, we were required to restate our financial
 statements for that fiscal year.

 In the future, if we fail to complete the annual
 Section 404 evaluation in a timely manner, or if our
 independent registered public accounting firm cannot attest in a
 timely manner to the effectiveness of our internal controls, we
 could be subject to regulatory scrutiny and a loss of public
 confidence in our internal controls. In addition, any failure to
 implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties
 encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating
 results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations.

 Product
 defects or the failure of our products to meet specifications
 could cause us to lose customers and revenue or to incur
 unexpected expenses.

 If our products do not meet our customers’ performance
 requirements, our customer relationships may suffer. Also, our
 products may contain defects or fail to meet product
 specifications. Any failure or poor performance of our products
 could result in:

 • 

 delayed market acceptance of our products;

 • 

 delayed product shipments;

 • 

 unexpected expenses and diversion of resources to replace
 defective products or identify and correct the source of errors;

 • 

 damage to our reputation and our customer relationships;

 • 

 delayed recognition of sales or reduced sales; and

 • 

 product liability claims or other claims for damages that may be
 caused by any product defects or performance failures.

 Our products are often critical to the performance of
 communications systems. Many of our supply agreements contain
 limited warranty provisions. If these contractual limitations
 are unenforceable in a particular jurisdiction or if we are
 exposed to product liability claims that are not covered by
 insurance, a claim could harm our business.

 We may
 encounter difficulties obtaining raw materials and supplies
 needed to make our products, and the prices of these materials
 and supplies are subject to fluctuation.

 Our ability to manufacture our products is dependent upon the
 availability of certain raw materials and supplies. The
 availability of these raw materials and supplies is subject to
 market forces beyond our control. From time to time, there may
 not be sufficient quantities of raw materials and supplies in
 the marketplace to meet customer demand for our products. In
 addition, the costs to obtain these raw materials and supplies
 are subject to price fluctuations because of global market
 demands. Some raw materials or supplies may be subject to
 regulatory actions, which may affect available supplies.

 Many companies utilize the same raw materials and supplies in
 the production of their products as we use in our products.
 Companies with more resources than us may have a competitive
 advantage in obtaining raw materials and supplies due to greater
 purchasing power. Reduced supply and higher prices of raw
 materials and supplies may affect our business, operating
 results and financial condition adversely.

 21

 We may
 encounter litigation that has a material impact on our
 business.

 We are a party to various lawsuits, proceedings and claims
 arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. Many of
 these disputes may be resolved without formal litigation. The
 amount of monetary liability resulting from the ultimate
 resolution of these matters cannot be determined at this time.

 As of October 31, 2007, we had recorded approximately
 $7.6 million in loss reserves for certain of these matters.
 In light of the reserves we have recorded, at this time we
 believe the ultimate resolution of these lawsuits, proceedings
 and claims will not have a material adverse impact on our
 business, results of operations or financial condition. Because
 of the uncertainty inherent in litigation, it is possible that
 unfavorable resolutions of these lawsuits, proceedings and
 claims could exceed the amount currently reserved and could have
 a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
 or financial condition.

 We are
 subject to risks associated with changes in commodity prices,
 interest rates, security prices, and foreign currency exchange
 rates.

 We face market risks from changes in certain commodity prices,
 security prices and interest rates. Market fluctuations could
 affect our results of operations and financial condition
 adversely. We may reduce this risk through the use of derivative
 financial instruments, although we have not used such
 instruments for several years.

 We also are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign
 currency exchange rates. Our primary risk is the effect of
 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on the
 U.S. dollar value of foreign currency denominated operating
 sales and expenses. Our largest exposure comes from the Mexican
 peso.

 We also are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk as a
 result of changes in intercompany balance sheet accounts and
 other balance sheet items. At October 31, 2007, these
 balance sheet exposures were mitigated through the use of
 foreign exchange forward contracts with maturities of less than
 12 months. The principal currency exposures being mitigated
 were the Australian dollar and the euro.

 Risks
 Related to Our Common Stock

 Our
 stock price has been volatile historically and may continue to
 be volatile. The price of our common stock may fluctuate
 significantly.

 The trading price of our common stock has been and may continue
 to be subject to wide fluctuations. Our stock price may
 fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, such as
 quarterly variations in operating results, announcements of
 technological innovations or new products by us or our
 competitors, changes in financial estimates and recommendations
 by securities analysts, the operating and stock price
 performance of other companies that investors may deem
 comparable to us, and new reports relating to trends in our
 markets or general economic conditions.

 In addition, the stock market in general, and prices for
 companies in our industry in particular, have experienced
 extreme volatility that often has been unrelated to the
 operating performance of such companies. These broad market and
 industry fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our
 common stock, regardless of our operating performance.

 In addition, components of the compensation of many of our key
 employees are dependent on the price of our common stock. Lack
 of positive performance in our stock price may affect our
 ability to retain key employees.

 Anti-takeover
 provisions in our charter documents, our shareholder rights
 agreement and Minnesota law could prevent or delay a change in
 control of our company.

 Provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws, our
 shareholder rights agreement (also known as a “poison
 pill”) and Minnesota law may discourage, delay or prevent a
 merger or acquisition that a shareholder

 22

 may consider favorable, and may limit the price that investors
 may be willing to pay for our common stock. These provisions
 include the following:

 • 

 advance notice requirements for shareholder proposals;

 • 

 authorization for our board of directors to issue preferred
 stock without shareholder approval;

 • 

 authorization for our board of directors to issue preferred
 stock purchase rights upon a third party’s acquisition of
 15% or more of our outstanding shares of common stock; and

 • 

 limitations on business combinations with interested
 shareholders.

 Some of these provisions may discourage a future acquisition of
 our company even though our shareholders would receive an
 attractive value for their shares, or a significant number of
 our shareholders believe such a proposed transaction would be in
 their best interest.