Our business faces many risks, all of which may not be described
below. Additional risks of which we are currently unaware or
believe to be immaterial may also result in events that could
impair our business operations. If any of the events or
circumstances described in the following risks actually occur,
our business, financial condition or results of operations may
suffer, and the trading price of our common stock could decline.

11

Risks Related to Our Business

 Our operating results were adversely affected by the
 significant downturn in the communications equipment industry
 and the slowdown in the United States economy that occured
 generally from 2001-2003, and there can be no assurance that we
 will consistently maintain operating profitability in the
 future.

Our operating results during fiscal 2001, 2002 and 2003 were
significantly impacted by the substantial downturn in the
telecommunications equipment industry. We incurred significant
losses from continuing operations in our fiscal years 2001, 2002
and 2003. While we returned to profitability in fiscal 2004 and
are currently profitable, it is not clear that we will be able
to continue to achieve revenue and gross margin levels needed to
sustain profitability. Further, the increase in our 2004 revenue
was primarily because of our acquisition of KRONE in May 2004.

During this downturn, many of our customers reduced their
equipment purchases and deferred capital spending. Our customers
are dependent on the level of end-user demand for communications
services, and they are likely to defer significant network
expansions when they do not believe there is significant demand
for greater Internet, data, video and voice services. During the
downturn of the telecommunications industry that occurred in our
fiscal years 2001, 2002 and 2003, some of our customers
experienced serious financial difficulties, including bankruptcy
filings or cessation of operations.

The general slowdown in the United States economy in the early
part of this decade negatively impacted our business and
operating results. If general economic conditions in the United
States and globally do not continue to improve, and especially
if they worsen, we may experience material adverse effects on
our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Further, when our customers announce spending initiatives that
might positively impact sales of one or more of our products, it
is possible these customers contemporaneously will reduce
spending in a manner that would negatively impact one or more of
our other products.

 Shifts in our product mix may result in declines in our
 gross margin.

Our gross margins vary among our product groups and have
fluctuated from quarter to quarter as a result of shifts in
product mix (that is, how much of each product type we sell in
any particular quarter), the introduction of new products,
decreases in average selling prices and our ability to reduce
manufacturing and other costs. We expect such fluctuation in
gross profit to continue in the future. Both KRONE and FONS
historically sold certain products at margins lower than the
margins at which the majority of our products sold. The
integration of KRONE has negatively impacted our gross profit
margins, and it is likely that the integration of FONS will do
so as well. In addition, our gross margins could decrease based
on the amount of new products we sell that have lower startup
gross margins.

 We are becoming increasingly dependent on significant
 capital deployment initiatives driven by our customers.

Increasingly our business is focused upon the sale of products
serving significant customer initiatives for increased broadband
capabilities deep into their networks. Examples of products
serving these initiatives include our FTTX products, wireless
coverage solutions and products used in enterprise networks.
These products generally are utilized outside the central
offices, where we traditionally sold most of our products, of
our customer and often are deployed in connection with the
construction of specific network projects. To date, our
experience has been that the deployment of capital for such
network projects is driven by our customers’ priorities and
the needs of specific projects. For this reason, the demand for
our products can fluctuate significantly from quarter to
quarter. In addition, the competition to sell our products can
be very intense as the projects often utilize new products that
are not incumbent to networks. The continued sale of these
products by us will also be contingent upon the continued
build-out by our customers of networks that utilize these
products and the acceptance of our products into such networks.
We cannot assure that these deployments will continue or that
our products will be selected for these deployments on a
consistent basis.

12

 Consolidation among our customers could result in our
 losing a customer or experiencing a slowdown as integration
 takes place.

We believe there likely will be continued consolidation among
our customers in order for them to increase market share,
diversify product portfolios and achieve greater economies of
scale. Consolidation may impact our business as our customers
focus on integrating their operations. We believe that in
certain instances customers engaged in integrating large-scale
acquisitions may scale back their purchases of network equipment
while the integration is ongoing. Further, once consolidation
occurs, our customers may choose to pare down the number of
vendors they use to source their equipment, although we have not
yet seen this impact. After a consolidation occurs, there can be
no assurance that we will continue to supply equipment to the
surviving communications service provider. The impact of
significant mergers on our business is likely to be unclear
until sometime after such transactions have closed.

 Our sales could be negatively impacted if one or more of
 our key customers substantially reduces orders for our
 products.

Our customer base is relatively concentrated, with our top ten
customers accounting for 42.7%, 46.9%, and 56.7% of net sales
for fiscal years 2005, 2004, and 2003, respectively. While our
acquisition of KRONE diversified our customer base, our recent
acquisitions of FONS may have the effect of mitigating some of
this diversification. If we lose a significant customer for any
reason, including consolidation among our customer base, our
sales and gross margins would be negatively impacted. Further,
in the product areas where we believe the potential for revenue
growth is most pronounced (e.g., FTTX initiatives and wireless
products), our sales remain highly concentrated with the major
telephone companies. The loss of sales due to a decrease in
orders from a key customer could require us to record additional
impairment and restructuring charges or exit a particular
business or product line.

 In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, we may experience a
 change in the sales of our products and services.

We sell our products and services to customers operating in some
of the areas hardest hit by Hurricane Katrina. Communications
networks have been impacted adversely, along with other
infrastructure in this area. Although we are not certain about
the effect that Hurricane Katrina may have on sales of our
products and services, it is possible that we will experience
slower sales in the near term while affected customers work to
stabilize their networks and normalize operations. Moving
forward, there may also be a temporary upturn in our sales as
our customers work to replace damaged or destroyed network
elements in the areas impacted by the hurricane. Conversely, our
sales could decrease as our customers divert money from other
parts of their budgets to spend on rebuilding.

 Our market is subject to rapid technological change, and
 to compete effectively, we must continually introduce new
 products that achieve market acceptance.

The communications equipment industry is characterized by rapid
technological changes, evolving industry standards, changing
market conditions and frequent new product and service
introductions and enhancements by our competitors. The
introduction of products using new technologies or the adoption
of new industry standards can make our existing products or
products under development obsolete or unmarketable. For
example, it is possible that FTTX initiatives may negatively
impact sales of non-fiber products. In order to grow and remain
competitive, we will need to adapt to these rapidly changing
technologies, to enhance our existing solutions and to introduce
new solutions to address our customers’ changing demands.

We may not accurately predict technological trends or the
success of new products in the communications equipment market.
New product development often requires long-term forecasting of
market trends, development and implementation of new
technologies and processes and a substantial capital commitment.
In addition, we do not know whether our products and services
will meet with market acceptance or be profitable. Many of our
competitors have greater engineering and product development

13

resources than we do. Although we expect to continue to invest
substantial resources in product development activities, our
efforts to achieve and maintain profitability will require us to
be more selective and focused with our research and development
expenditures. If we fail to anticipate or respond in a
cost-effective and timely manner to technological developments,
changes in industry standards or customer requirements, or if we
have any significant delays in product development or
introduction, our business, operating results and financial
condition could be materially adversely affected.

 Strategic changes to our product portfolio may not yield
 the benefits that we expect.

In connection with the downturn in the communications industry,
we divested or ceased operating numerous product lines and
businesses that either were not profitable or did not match our
new strategic focus. We may make further divestitures or
closures of product lines and businesses. In addition, we have
recently made acquisitions that we believe are aligned with our
current strategic focus.

The impact of potential changes to our product portfolio and the
effect of such changes on our business, operating results and
financial condition are evolving and not fully known at this
time. If we acquire other businesses in our areas of strategic
focus, we may have difficulty assimilating these businesses and
their products, services, technologies and personnel into our
operations. These difficulties could disrupt our ongoing
business, distract our management and workforce, increase our
expenses and adversely affect our operating results and
financial condition. Furthermore, we may not be able to retain
key management, technical and sales personnel after an
acquisition. In addition to these integration risks, if we
acquire new businesses, we may not realize all of the
anticipated benefits of these acquisitions. Divestitures or
elimination of existing businesses or product lines could also
have disruptive effects and may cause us to incur material
expenses.

 If we are unable to garner customer support for our
 combined portfolio following the FONS acquisition, we may not be
 able to realize the gains we anticipated.

Both ADC and FONS rely heavily on the business generated from
one customer for a large percentage of sales in the FTTX space.
If this particular customer decreases the amount of products it
purchases, or seeks out additional suppliers for products rather
than allowing us to consolidate the combined revenue share of
both ADC and FONS, the efficiencies that we projected with this
acquisition may not materialize.

 If we seek to secure additional financing, we may not be
 able to obtain it. Also, if we are able to secure additional
 financing, our shareowners may experience dilution of their
 ownership interest or we may be subject to limitations on our
 operations.

We currently anticipate that our available cash resources, which
include existing cash, cash equivalents and available-for sale
securities, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated needs for
working capital and capital expenditures to execute our
near-term business plan, based on current business operations
and economic conditions. If our estimates are incorrect and we
are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations, we
may need to raise additional funds. In addition, if one or more
of our strategic acquisition opportunities exceeds our existing
resources, we may be required to seek additional capital. We do
not currently have any significant available lines of credit or
other significant credit facilities, and we are not certain that
we can obtain commercial bank financing on acceptable terms. If
we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or
equity-related securities, our shareowners may experience
dilution of their ownership interests and the newly issued
securities may have rights superior to those of common stock.
See “Risks Related to our Common Stock” below. If we
raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to
restrictive covenants that could limit our operating flexibility
and interest payments could dilute earnings per share.

14

 Our industry is highly competitive and subject to
 significant downward pricing pressure for our products.

Competition in the communications equipment and related services
industry is intense. We believe our success in competing with
other manufacturers of communications equipment products and
related services will depend primarily on our engineering,
manufacturing and marketing skills, the price, quality and
reliability of our products, our delivery and service
capabilities and our control of operating expenses. We have
experienced and anticipate greater pricing pressures from
current and future competitors as well as our customers. Our
industry is currently characterized by many vendors pursuing
relatively few and very large customers, which provides our
customers with the ability to exert significant pressure on
their suppliers, both in terms of pricing and contractual terms.
Many of our competitors have more extensive engineering,
manufacturing, marketing, financial and personnel resources than
we do. As a result, other competitors may be able to respond
more quickly to new or emerging technologies or changes in
customer requirements, or offer more aggressive price reductions.

 Possible consolidation among our competitors could result
 in a loss of sales.

We expect to see continued consolidation among communication
equipment vendors. This could result in our competitors becoming
financially stronger and obtaining broader product portfolios.
It is possible that such consolidation could lead to a loss of
sales for us as our competitors increase their resources through
consolidation.

 Our operating results fluctuate significantly, and if we
 miss quarterly financial expectations, our stock price could
 decline.

Our operating results are difficult to predict and may fluctuate
significantly from quarter to quarter. It is likely that our
operating results in some periods will be below investor
expectations. If this happens, the market price of our common
stock is likely to decline. Fluctuations in our future quarterly
earnings may be caused by many factors, including without
limitation:

• 

 the volume and timing of orders from and shipments to our
 customers;

• 

 work stoppages and other developments affecting the operations
 of our customers;

• 

 the timing of and our ability to obtain new customer contracts
 and sales recognition;

• 

 the timing of new product and service announcements;

• 

 the availability of products and services;

• 

 the overall level of capital expenditures by our customers;

• 

 market acceptance of new and enhanced versions of our products
 and services;

• 

 variations in the mix of products and services we sell;

• 

 the location and utilization of our production capacity and
 employees; and

• 

 the availability and cost of key components.

Our expense levels are based in part on expectations of future
revenues. If revenue levels in a particular period are lower
than expected, our operating results will be affected adversely.

In addition, prior to fiscal 2001 and during fiscal 2004, our
operating results were subject to seasonal factors. We
historically had stronger demand for our products and services
in our fourth fiscal quarter ending October 31. Conversely,
we typically experienced weaker demand for our products and
services in the first fiscal quarter, primarily as a result of
the number of holidays in late November, December and early
January, the development of annual capital budgets by our
customers, as well as a general industry slowdown, during that
period. In our fourth fiscal quarter of 2005, we did not
experience this historical pattern of seasonality, primarily
because of less predictable spending patterns for our FTTX and
wireless products.

15

 The regulatory environment in which our customers operate
 is changing.

Although our business is not subject to a significant amount of
direct regulation, the communications service industry in which
our customers operate is subject to significant and evolving
federal and state regulation in the United States as well as
regulation in other countries. The United States
Telecommunications Act of 1996 (the “Act”) lifted
certain restrictions on the ability of companies, including the
major telephone companies and other ADC customers, to compete
with one another. The Act also made other significant changes in
the regulation of the telecommunications industry. These changes
generally increased our opportunities to provide solutions for
our customers’ Internet, data, video and voice needs. The
established telecommunications providers have stated that some
of these changes have diminished the profitability of additional
investments made by them in their networks, which reduces their
demand for our products. Recently, however, the Federal
Communications Commission (“FCC”) ended the practice
of forced
“line-sharing”,
which means that major telephone companies are no longer legally
mandated to lease space to DSL resellers. This ruling also
included language allowing major telephone companies to maintain
sole ownership of newly built networks that include fiber
deployment (i.e., FTTX). While it is anticipated that this
ruling will benefit us, there can be no assurance that it will
have any impact on sales of our products.

Additional regulatory changes affecting the communications
industry are anticipated both in the United States and
internationally. A European Union directive on waste electrical
and electronic equipment (“WEEE”) and the restriction
of hazardous substances (“RoHS”) in such equipment is
in the process of being implemented in member states. The
directive sets a framework for producers’ obligations in
relation to manufacturing (including the amounts of named
hazardous substances contained in products sold), labeling, and
treatment, recovery and recycling of electronic products in the
European Union. We have established policies and procedures to
comply with these directives as they are implemented in various
member states. Detailed regulations on practices and procedures
related to WEEE and RoHS are evolving in member states.

These changes could affect our customers and alter demand for
our products. Recently announced or future changes could also
come under legal challenge and be altered, thereby reversing the
effect of such regulations or changes and the impact we
expected. In addition, competition in our markets could
intensify as the result of changes to existing or new
regulations. Accordingly, changes in the regulatory environment
could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

 Customer payment defaults could have an adverse effect on
 our financial condition and results of operations.

As a result of adverse conditions in the communications market,
some of our customers have experienced and may continue to
experience serious financial difficulties. In some cases these
difficulties have resulted or may result in bankruptcy filings
or cessation of operations. If customers experiencing financial
problems default on paying amounts owed to us, we may not be
able to collect these amounts or recognize expected revenue. It
is possible those customers from whom we expect to derive
substantial revenue will default or that the level of defaults
will increase. Any material payment defaults by our customers
would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and
financial condition.

Some of our competitors engage in financing transactions with
some of their customers for the purchase of equipment. To remain
competitive, it may become necessary for us to offer similar
financing arrangements. If such financings occur, it would be
our intent to sell all or a portion of these commitments and
outstanding receivables to third parties. In the past, we have
sold some receivables with recourse and have had to compensate
the purchaser for the related losses.

 Conditions in global markets could affect our
 operations.

Our sales outside the United States accounted for approximately
45.4%, 39.5%, and 24.8% of our net sales in fiscal 2005, 2004,
and 2003, respectively. We expect
non-U.S. sales to
remain a significant percentage of net sales in the future. In
addition to sales and distribution in numerous countries, we own
or lease operations located in Australia, Austria, Belgium,
Brazil, Canada, Chile, France, Germany, Hungary, India,
Indonesia, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand,
Norway, Philippines, Puerto Rico,

16

Russia, Singapore, South Africa, South Korea, Spain,
Sweden, Taiwan, Thailand, the United Arab Emirates, the United
Kingdom, the United States, Venezuela and Vietnam. Due to our
non-U.S. sales and
our

non-U.S. operations,
we are subject to the risks of conducting business globally.
These risks include, without limitation:

• 

 local economic and market conditions;

• 

 political and economic instability;

• 

 unexpected changes in or impositions of legislative or
 regulatory requirements;

• 

 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;

• 

 tariffs and other barriers and restrictions;

• 

 longer payment cycles;

• 

 difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and contract
 rights;

• 

 greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection;

• 

 potentially adverse taxes; and

• 

 the burdens of complying with a variety of
 non-U.S. laws and
 telecommunications standards.

We also are subject to general geopolitical and environmental
risks, such as terrorism, political and economic instability,
changes in the costs of key resources such as oil, changes in
diplomatic or trade relationships and natural disasters.
Economic conditions in many of the
non-U.S. markets
in which we do business represent significant risks to us.

We cannot predict whether our sales and business operations in
these markets will be affected adversely by these conditions.

Instability in
non-U.S. markets,
which we believe is most likely to occur in the Middle East,
Asia and Latin America, could have a negative impact on our
business, financial condition and operating results. The wars in
Afghanistan and Iraq and other turmoil in the Middle East and
the global war on terror also may have negative effects on the
operating results of some of our businesses. In addition to the
effect of global economic instability on

non-U.S. sales,
sales to United States customers having significant

non-U.S. operations
could be impacted negatively by these conditions.

 Our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to
 protect our business.

Our future success depends in part upon our proprietary
technology. Although we attempt to protect our proprietary
technology through patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade
secrets, these protections are limited. Accordingly, we cannot
predict whether such protection will be adequate, or whether our
competitors can develop similar technology independently without
violating our proprietary rights. In addition, rights that may
be granted under any patent application in the future may not
provide competitive advantages to us. Intellectual property
protection in foreign jurisdictions may be limited or
unavailable. In addition, many of our competitors have
substantially larger portfolios of patents and other
intellectual property rights than us.

As the competition in the communications equipment industry
intensifies and the functionality of the products further
overlaps, we believe that companies are becoming increasingly
subject to infringement claims. We have received and may
continue to receive notices from third parties, including some
of our competitors, claiming that we are infringing third-party
patents or other proprietary rights. We have also asserted
certain of our patents against third parties. We cannot predict
whether we will prevail in any litigation over third-party
claims, or whether we will be able to license any valid and
infringed patents on commercially reasonable terms. It is
possible that unfavorable resolution of such litigation could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations or financial condition. Any of these claims, whether
with or without merit, could result in costly litigation, divert
our management’s time, attention and resources, delay our
product shipments or require us to enter into royalty or
licensing agreements, which

17

could be expensive. A third party may not be willing to enter
into a royalty or licensing agreement on acceptable terms, if at
all. If a claim of product infringement against us is successful
and we fail to obtain a license or develop or license
non-infringing technology, our business, financial condition and
operating results could be affected adversely.

 We are dependent upon key personnel.

Like all technology companies, our success is dependent on the
efforts and abilities of our employees. Our ability to attract,
retain and motivate skilled employees is critical to our
success. In addition, because we may acquire one or more
businesses in the future, our success will depend, in part, upon
our ability to retain and integrate our own personnel with
personnel from acquired entities who are necessary to the
continued success or the successful integration of the acquired
businesses.

Our recent initiatives to focus our business on core operations
and products by restructuring and streamlining operations,
including substantial reductions in our workforce, have created
uncertainty on the part of our remaining employees regarding
future employment with us. This uncertainty, together with our
recent past history of operating losses and general industry
uncertainty, may have an adverse effect on our ability to retain
and attract key personnel.

 Internal Controls.

Although we have now completed the documentation and testing of
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting for fiscal 2005, as required by Section 404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we expect we will have to incur
continuing costs, including increased accounting fees and
increased staffing levels, in order to maintain compliance with
that section of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Further, if we complete
acquisitions in the future, our ability to integrate operations
of the acquired company could impact our compliance with
Section 404. In the future, if we fail to complete the
Sarbanes-Oxley 404 evaluation in a timely manner, or if our
independent registered public accounting firm cannot attest in a
timely manner to our evaluation or to the efficacy of our
internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny
and a loss of public confidence in our internal controls. In
addition, any failure to implement required new or improved
controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation,
could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our
reporting obligations.

 Integration of Key Finance Employees.

In recent weeks, we have hired many new employees in our
internal finance and accounting staff. Until such personnel
become familiar with our operations, our ability to maintain
effective internal controls over financial reporting could be
impaired.

 Product defects could cause us to lose customers and
 revenue or to incur unexpected expenses.

If our products do not meet our customers’ performance
requirements, our customer relationships may suffer. Also, our
products may contain defects. Any failure or poor performance of
our products could result in:

• 

 delayed market acceptance of our products;

• 

 delayed product shipments;

• 

 unexpected expenses and diversion of resources to replace
 defective products or identify and correct the source of errors;

• 

 damage to our reputation and our customer relationships;

• 

 delayed recognition of sales or reduced sales; and

• 

 product liability claims or other claims for damages that may be
 caused by any product defects or performance failures.

18

Our products are often critical to the performance of
communications systems. Many of our supply agreements contain
limited warranty provisions. If these contractual limitations
are unenforceable in a particular jurisdiction or if we are
exposed to product liability claims that are not covered by
insurance, a successful claim could harm our business.

 We may encounter difficulties obtaining raw materials and
 supplies needed to make our products and the prices of these
 materials and supplies are subject to fluctuation.

Our ability to produce our products is dependent upon the
availability of certain raw materials and supplies. The
availability of these raw materials and supplies is subject to
market forces beyond our control. From time to time, there may
not be sufficient quantities of raw materials and supplies in
the marketplace to meet the customer demand for our products. In
addition, the costs to obtain these raw materials and supplies
are subject to price fluctuations because of global market
demands. Further, some raw materials or supplies may be subject
to regulatory actions, which may affect available supplies. Many
companies utilize the same raw materials and supplies in the
production of their products as we use in our products.
Companies with more resources than our own may have a
competitive advantage in obtaining raw materials and supplies
due to greater purchasing power. Reduced supply and higher
prices of raw materials and supplies may affect our business,
operating results and financial condition adversely.

 We rely upon our contract manufacturing
 relationships.

We have significant reliance on contract manufacturers to make
certain of our products on our behalf. If these contract
manufacturers do not fulfill their obligations to us, or if we
do not properly manage these relationships, our existing
customer relationships may suffer. We may outsource additional
functions in the future.

 We may encounter litigation that has a material impact on
 our business.

We are a party to various lawsuits, proceedings and claims
arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. Many of
these disputes may be resolved amicably without resort to formal
litigation. The amount of monetary liability resulting from the
ultimate resolution of these matters cannot be determined at
this time. As of October 31, 2005, we had recorded
approximately $8.4 million in loss reserves for certain of
these matters. In light of the reserves we have recorded, at
this time we believe the ultimate resolution of these lawsuits,
proceedings and claims will not have a material adverse impact
on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
Because of the uncertainty inherent in litigation, it is
possible that unfavorable resolutions of these lawsuits,
proceedings and claims could exceed the amount currently
reserved and could have a material adverse affect on our
business, results of operations or financial condition.

 We are subject to risks associated with changes in
 commodity prices, interest rates, security prices, and foreign
 currency exchange rates.

We face market risks from changes in certain commodity prices,
security prices and interest rates. Market fluctuations could
affect our results of operations and financial condition
adversely. At times, we reduce this risk through the use of
derivative financial instruments. However, we do not enter into
derivative instruments for the purpose of speculation.

Also, we are exposed to market risks from changes in foreign
currency exchange rates. From time to time, we hedge our foreign
currency exchange risk. The objective of this program is to
protect our net monetary assets and liabilities in
non-functional currencies from fluctuations due to movements in
foreign currency exchange rates. We attempt to minimize exposure
to currencies in which hedging instruments are unavailable or
prohibitively expensive by managing our operating activities and
net assets position. As a result of our increased international
exposure due to the KRONE acquisition, we may expand our foreign
currency hedging program in the future. At October 31,
2005, the principal currency for which we have implemented a
hedging strategy is the Australian dollar.

19

Risks Related to Our Common Stock

 Our stock price is volatile.

Based on the trading history of our common stock and the nature
of the market for publicly traded securities of companies in our
industry, we believe that some factors have caused and are
likely to continue to cause the market price of our common stock
to fluctuate substantially. These fluctuations could occur from
day-to-day or over a
longer period of time. The factors that may cause such
fluctuations include, without limitation:

• 

 announcements of new products and services by us or our
 competitors;

• 

 quarterly fluctuations in our financial results or the financial
 results of our competitors or our customers;

• 

 customer contract awards to us or our competitors;

• 

 increased competition with our competitors or among our
 customers;

• 

 consolidation among our competitors or customers;

• 

 disputes concerning intellectual property rights;

• 

 the financial health of ADC, our competitors or our customers;

• 

 developments in telecommunications regulations;

• 

 general conditions in the communications equipment industry;

• 

 general economic conditions in the U.S. or
 internationally; and

• 

 rumors or speculation regarding ADC’s future business
 results and actions.

In addition, stocks of companies in our industry in the past
have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that
are often unrelated to the operating performance of such
companies. This market volatility may adversely affect the
market price of our common stock.

 We have not in the past and do not intend in the
 foreseeable future to pay cash dividends on our common
 stock.

We have not in the past and currently do not pay any cash
dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any
cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We
intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance our
operations and for general corporate purposes.

 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents, our
 shareowner rights plan and Minnesota law could prevent or delay
 a change in control of our company.

Provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws, our
shareowner rights plan (also known as a “poison pill”)
and Minnesota law may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or
acquisition that a shareowner may consider favorable and may
limit the market price for our common stock. These provisions
include the following:

• 

 advance notice requirements for shareowner proposals;

• 

 authorization for our Board of Directors to issue preferred
 stock without shareowner approval;

• 

 authorization for our Board of Directors to issue preferred
 stock purchase rights upon a third party’s acquisition of
 15% or more of our outstanding shares of common stock; and

• 

 limitations on business combinations with interested shareowners.

20

Some of these provisions may discourage a future acquisition of
ADC even though our shareowners would receive an attractive
value for their shares or a significant number of our
shareowners believe such a proposed transaction would be in
their best interest.