The risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, should be carefully considered. Any one or more of such risks could materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, and stock price and could cause actual results of operations and financial condition to vary materially from past or anticipated future results of operations and financial condition. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that the Company currently believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect the Company.

Operational Risks

The Company is exposed to potential business disruption which could adversely affect the Company’s operating results.

The assets and operations of the Company could be subject to unplanned downtime or extensive property damage and business disruption from various events which include, but are not limited to, equipment failure, raw material shortages, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, accidents, explosions, fires, or other unexpected outages. ADM is committed to resiliency but these efforts may not resolve emergencies timely or effectively, and the associated liability which could result from these risks may not always be covered by or could exceed liability insurance.

17

Item 1A.

 (Continued)

The Company’s operations rely on dependable and efficient transportation services, the disruption of which could result in difficulties supplying materials to the Company’s facilities and impair the Company’s ability to deliver products to its customers in a timely manner.  The Company relies on access to navigable rivers and waterways in order to fulfill its transportation obligations more effectively.  In addition, if certain non-agricultural commodity raw materials, such as water or certain chemicals used in the Company’s processing operations, are not available, the Company’s business could be disrupted.  Any major lack of available water for use in certain of the Company’s processing operations could have a material adverse impact on operating results.  Certain factors which may impact the availability of non-agricultural commodity raw materials are out of the Company’s control including, but not limited to, disruptions resulting from weather, high or low river water conditions, economic conditions, border closures, manufacturing delays or disruptions at suppliers, shortage of materials, interruption of energy supply, and unavailable or poor supplier credit conditions.

Transportation, inflationary impacts, and fluctuations in energy prices could affect the Company’s operating results.

The Company’s operating costs and the selling prices of certain finished products are sensitive to changes in energy prices, inflationary pressures, and certain logistic constraints.  The Company’s processing plants are powered principally by electricity, natural gas, and coal.  The Company’s transportation operations are partially dependent upon rail access, diesel fuel and other petroleum-based products.  Significant increases in the cost or access of these items, including any consequences of regulation or taxation of greenhouse gases, could adversely affect the Company’s production costs and operating results. The Company continues to use internal and external resources to identify opportunities and take action to reduce associated impacts and its energy intensity globally to meet its demand while mitigating the effects of climate change.

Human capital availability may not be sufficient to effectively support global operations. 

ADM’s global operations function with trained individuals necessary for the processing, warehousing, and shipping of raw materials for products used in other areas of manufacturing or sold as inputs or products to third-party customers. The availability of skilled trade and production workers has been a specific focus for the United States manufacturing industry. The Company has various methods and tactics to mitigate potential shortfalls. The inability to properly staff manufacturing facilities with skilled trades and hourly labor due to a limited number of qualified resources could negatively impact operations.

The Company may fail to realize the benefits of or experience delays in the execution of its growth strategy.

As the Company executes its growth strategy, through both organic and inorganic growth, it may encounter risks which could result in increased costs, decreased revenues, and delayed synergies. Growth in new geographies outside the U.S. can expose the Company to volatile economic, political, and regulatory risks that may negatively impact its operations and ability to achieve its growth strategy. Expanding businesses where the Company has limited presence may expose the Company to risks related to the inability to identify an appropriate partner or target and favorable terms, inability to retain/hire strategic talent, or integration risks that may require significant management resources that would have otherwise been available for ongoing growth or operational initiatives. Acquisitions may involve unanticipated delays, costs, and other problems. Due diligence performed prior to an acquisition may not identify a material liability or issue that could impact the Company’s reputation or adversely affect results of operations resulting in a reduction of the anticipated acquisition benefits. Additionally, acquisitions may involve integration risks such as: internal control effectiveness, system integration risks, the risk of impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangibles, ability to retain acquired employees, and other unanticipated risks. The Company may fail to realize the operational or financial benefits expected from acquisitions, which may impact the Company’s growth strategy.

18

Item 1A.

RISK FACTORS (Continued)

The Company has limited control over and may not realize the expected benefits of its equity investments and joint ventures and may not be able to monetize the investments at an attractive value when the Company decides to exit the investments.

The Company has $5.5 billion invested in or advanced to joint ventures and investments over which the Company has limited control as to governance and management activities.  Net sales to unconsolidated affiliates during the year ended December 31, 2023 were $7.0 billion.  Risks related to these investments may include: the financial strength of the investment partner; loss of revenues and cash flows to the investment partner and related gross profit; the inability to implement beneficial management strategies, including risk management and compliance monitoring, with respect to the investment’s activities; the risk that the Company may not be able to resolve disputes with the partners; and the risk that the Company may not realize the operational or financial benefits expected from the investment.  The Company may encounter unanticipated operating issues, financial results, or compliance and reputational risks related to these investments. The Company mitigates this risk using controls and policies related to joint venture formation, governance (including board of directors’ representation), merger and acquisition integration management, and harmonization of joint venture policies with the Company’s policies and controls. 

The Company faces risks related to health epidemics, pandemics, and similar outbreaks.

The Company could be materially impacted in the future if a more severe variant of the coronavirus (COVID-19) or other disease would arise causing disruptions far more severe than previously experienced. In such circumstances, ADM may be unable to perform fully on its contractual obligations, critical global supply chain and logistical networks may be affected, and costs and working capital needs may increase. These cost increases may not be fully recoverable or adequately covered by insurance. In addition, demand for certain products that ADM produces, particularly biofuels and ingredients that go into food and beverages that support the food services channels, could be materially impacted from a prolonged regional or global outbreak, leading to government-imposed lockdowns, quarantines, or other restrictions.

Geopolitical Risks

The Company faces risks related to international conflicts, acts of terrorism or war, or other geopolitical events, such as the ongoing war in Ukraine, Israel-Hamas war, sanctions, and other economic disruptions.

ADM’s assets and operations could be subject to extensive property damage and business disruption from geopolitical conflicts, acts of terrorism (e.g. purposeful adulteration of the Company’s products), and war. The assets and operations located in the region affected by the war in Ukraine are at an increased risk to property damage, inventory loss, business disruption, and expropriation. The Black Sea region is a major exporter of wheat and corn to the world, and the disruption of supply may continue to cause volatility in volumes, prices, and margins of these commodities and related products. While the Company has a robust trade sanctions compliance program, there is a risk that ADM and its related parties could trade with a sanctioned partner due to the number of sanctions taken against Russia. Trade receivables may be at risk of higher defaults, and other third-party risks could affect ADM’s ability to obtain inputs if suppliers are unable to perform or face insolvency, as certain supplies may not be attainable due to sanctions and/or restrictions on cross-border payment transactions. The Company could be materially impacted if, in the worst-case scenario, the conflict in Ukraine advances to other countries. Though currently limited, the risk to ADM’s business from the war in Israel could increase if it expands into other countries. In such circumstances, trade policies and the Company’s critical global supply chain and logistical networks could be affected, impairing the Company’s ability to satisfy contractual obligations and impacting working capital requirements. Insurance may not adequately cover these risks. In addition, provisions for certain products that ADM produces, particularly those that support the food services channels, could be materially impacted. The Company continues to monitor risks associated to the conflicts in Ukraine and Israel along with the Red Sea and other political tensions and evaluate alternatives to reduce the impacts of these risks.

19

Item 1A.

RISK FACTORS (Continued)

Political instability and changes in trade policies could negatively impact the Company’s financial results.

The Company’s operating results could be affected by political instability and by changes in monetary, fiscal, trade, and environmental policies, laws, regulations, and acquisition approvals, creating risks including, but not limited to: changes in a country’s or region’s economic or political conditions, local labor conditions and regulations, and safety and environmental regulations; reduced protection of intellectual property rights; changes in the regulatory or legal environment; restrictions on currency exchange activities; currency exchange fluctuations; burdensome taxes and tariffs; enforceability of legal agreements and judgments; adverse tax, administrative agency or judicial outcomes; and regulation or taxation of greenhouse gases.  International risks and uncertainties, including changing social and economic conditions as well as terrorism, political hostilities, and war, could limit the Company’s ability to transact business in these markets. The Company has historically benefited from the free flow of agricultural and food and feed ingredient products from the U.S. and other sources to markets around the world. Increases in tariff and restrictive trade activities around the world could negatively impact the Company’s ability to enter certain markets or the price of products may become less competitive in those markets.

Investigation Risks

The Investigation and related events could have a material adverse impact on the Company.

As previously disclosed, the Company received a voluntary document request from the SEC relating to intersegment sales between the Company’s Nutrition reporting segment and the Company’s Ag Services and Oilseeds and Carbohydrate Solutions reporting segments.

The Company has historically disclosed in the footnotes to its financial statements that intersegment sales have been recorded at amounts approximating market. In connection with the Investigation, the Company identified certain intersegment sales that occurred between the Company’s Nutrition reporting segment and the Company’s Ag Services and Oilseeds and Carbohydrate Solutions reporting segments that were not recorded at amounts approximating market. 

As a result of the Investigation, the Company has become subject to a number of risks, including, but not limited to:

•
the Company’s Board of Directors and senior management have been required to devote significant time to the Investigation, the correction of certain segment-specific historical financial information and related matters, resulting in potential management distraction from the operation of the business;

•
the price of the Company’s common stock has declined significantly, has been subject to fluctuations and could continue to fluctuate upon further announcements or actions;

•
the Company is facing securities litigation and could face additional litigation under federal and state securities laws or other claims arising from the Investigation, such litigation can be costly to defend, and if decided against the Company, such litigation could require the Company to pay substantial judgments or settlements;

•
the Company could discover additional material or immaterial errors in its financial statements; and

•
two of the Company’s credit ratings have been placed “On Credit Watch” and “Ratings Under Review,” and if the ratings are effectively downgraded, the Company’s access to the credit markets and its ability to fund its working capital and capital expenditures may be affected.

Each of the risks described above could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

In addition, although the Company has taken certain actions in response to the findings of the Investigation, the Company could take new or different actions in addition to those taken to date if it determines those actions are appropriate. Such actions are uncertain and could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business and the price of its common stock.

20

Item 1A.

RISK FACTORS (Continued)

The Company is subject to ongoing government investigations, and the timing for their resolution and outcome cannot be predicted.

In addition to the SEC’s voluntary document request described above, following the Company’s January 21, 2024 announcement of the Investigation, the Company received voluntary document requests from the DOJ focused primarily on the same subject matter, and the DOJ directed grand jury subpoenas to certain current and former Company employees. 

The Company cannot predict when these investigations will be completed, nor can it predict the results of these investigations. Expenses incurred in connection with these investigations (which include substantial fees of lawyers and other professional advisors and potential obligations to indemnify officers and directors who are parties to these investigations) could adversely affect the Company’s liquidity position. The Company may be required to pay material fines, consent to injunctions on future conduct or be subject to other penalties, each of which could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. These government investigations may adversely affect the Company’s ability to obtain, and/or increase the cost of obtaining, directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and/or other types of insurance. In addition, the findings and outcomes of the Investigation as well as the government investigations could result in additional litigation or actions taken by third parties against the Company. The effects and results of such other litigation or actions may have a materially adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

The Company identified a material weakness in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, which could impact the Company’s ability to report its results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner.

In connection with the Investigation, the Company identified a material weakness in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting related to its accounting practices and procedures for intersegment sales. The material weakness resulted from inadequate controls that allowed for certain intersegment sales to be reported at amounts not approximating market. For a description of this material weakness, see “Controls and Procedures” in Part II, Item 9A herein. While the Company has developed a remediation plan, the Company will not be able to conclude whether the steps the Company is taking will remediate the material weakness until a sustained period of time has passed to allow management to test the design and operational effectiveness of the new controls.

The material weakness, if not fully addressed, could result in additional accounting errors, such as those resulting in the correction of certain segment-specific historical financial information as discussed under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 herein and in Note 17 of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” included in Part II, Item 8 herein. The Company may be unable to remediate this material weakness in a timely manner, which could adversely impact the accuracy and timeliness of future reports and filings the Company makes with the SEC.

Negative publicity may adversely affect the Company and the market price of its common stock
.

The Company has become subject to negative publicity as a result of the Investigation and related events. Negative publicity and unfavorable perception of the Company could have caused and could cause significant declines in the price of the Company’s common stock. Negative publicity could also impact the terms under which some customers and suppliers are willing to continue to do business with the Company and could affect the Company’s financial performance or financial condition. In addition, negative publicity or unfavorable perceptions could make it more difficult for the Company and its employees to operate, resulting in reduced morale, a potential increase in employee turnover, and difficulty attracting talent. As a result, any negative publicity could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and the market price of its common stock.

21

Item 1A.

RISK FACTORS (Continued)

Environmental, Social, and Governance Risks

The Company may be impacted by carbon emission regulations in multiple regions throughout the globe.

The production of the Company’s products uses materials that can create emissions of certain regulated substances, including GHG emissions. Such regulated emissions also include indirect emissions that occur in the value chain as the result of activities from assets now owned or controlled by the Company. A number of jurisdictions where the Company has operations have implemented or are in the process of implementing carbon pricing programs or regulations to reduce GHG emissions impacting climate change and rising sea levels including, but not limited to, the United States, Canada, Mexico, the European Union and its member states, and China. In particular, the State of Illinois enacted legislation intended to eliminate carbon emissions by 2050 which includes the mandate for zero emissions for private coal by 2030. It is difficult at this time to estimate the likelihood of passage, or predict the potential impact, of any additional legislation, regulations or agreements. Potential consequences of new obligations could include increased energy, transportation, raw material, and administrative costs, and may require the Company to make additional investments in its facilities and equipment.

Operations could be impacted by the European Union (EU) deforestation-free regulation as part of the EU Green Deal.

The EU deforestation-free regulation was approved late 2022 and is effective December 2024. The regulation affects seven specific commodities (i.e. cocoa, coffee, soy, palm oil, wood, rubber, and cattle) and their derivatives, as well as products made using these commodities (e.g. leather, cosmetics, chocolate, etc.). Soybean is the primary commodity that could be impacted due to the volume of export into and used in production in the EU. Failure to comply with the regulation could have serious consequences including civil, administrative, and criminal penalties, as well as negative impact on the Company’s reputation, business, cash flows, and results of operations.

Food or feed risks derived from quality issues or off label product usage, occupational health and safety issues, and ineffective diversification programs may expose the Company to certain regulatory or reputational risks.

The Company is subject to federal, state, and local regulations on manufacturing or labeling; socially acceptable and sustainable farming practices; environmental, health, and safety regulations; and customer product liability claims. The liability which could result from certain of these risks may not always be covered by, or could exceed liability insurance related to product liability and food safety matters maintained by the Company. Risks to the Company’s reputation may exist due to potential negative publicity caused by product liability, food safety, occupational health and safety, workforce diversity, and environmental matters. The Company is continuing to further diversity throughout the organization and deploy additional food safety and security procedures and controls to appropriately mitigate the risks of any adulteration of the Company’s products in the supply chain and finished products in production and distribution networks. In addition, the Company conforms to management systems, such as the International Organization for Standardization or other recognized global standards.

The Company’s sustainable practices require oversight and robust monitoring requirements. The lack of unified reporting standards increases sustainability regulatory compliance and reporting requirements. 

The Company has programs and policies in place (e.g., Corporate Sustainability Program; Commitment to Protecting Forests, Biodiversity and Communities; Environmental Policy; Strive 35 environmental goals; etc.) to expand responsible practices while reducing its environmental footprint and to help ensure compliance with laws and regulations. Implementation of these programs and policies sometimes requires the acquisition of technology or capital investments at a cost to the Company. Starting in 2026, the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) will require companies within the European Union to report extensive climate-related information for the 2025 financial year. The reporting requirements of CSRD, along with the growing multitude of corporate sustainability reporting standards, will result in increased compliance costs and could result in regulatory reporting risks as each standard will have its own required disclosures. Failure to comply with laws and regulations can have serious consequences, including civil, administrative, and criminal penalties as well as a negative impact on the Company’s reputation, business, cash flows, and results of operations. 

22

Item 1A.

RISK FACTORS (Continued)

Financial Risks

Limitations on access to external financing could adversely affect the Company’s operating results due to its capital-intensive nature.

The Company requires significant capital, including continuing access to credit markets, to operate its current business and fund its growth strategy.  The Company’s working capital requirements, including margin requirements on open positions on futures exchanges, are directly affected by the price of agricultural commodities, which may fluctuate significantly and change quickly.  The Company also requires substantial capital to maintain and upgrade its extensive network of storage facilities, processing plants, refineries, mills, ports, transportation assets, and other facilities to keep pace with competitive developments, technological advances, regulations, and changing safety standards in the industry.  Moreover, the expansion of the Company’s business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities may require significant amounts of capital.  Access to credit markets and pricing of the Company’s capital is dependent upon maintaining sufficient credit ratings from credit rating agencies. Strong credit ratings allow the Company to access cost-competitive tier one commercial paper markets.  As of December 31, 2023, the three major credit rating agencies maintained the Company’s credit ratings at investment grade levels. Subsequent to December 31, 2023, the Company’s ratings were placed “On Credit Watch” and “Ratings Under Review” by two of the credit rating agencies. Further watches, reviews or downgrades could occur. If the Company is unable to maintain sufficiently high credit ratings, access to these commercial paper and other debt markets and costs of borrowings could be adversely affected.  If the Company is unable to generate sufficient cash flow or maintain access to adequate external financing, including as a result of significant disruptions in the global credit markets, it could restrict the Company’s current operations and its growth opportunities. The Company manages this risk with constant monitoring of credit/liquidity metrics, cash forecasting, and routine communications with credit rating agencies regarding risk management practices and diversifying sources of liquidity. 

Strategic and Economic Risks

Agricultural commodities, agricultural commodity products, and non-agricultural commodity raw materials the Company procures, transports, stores, processes, and merchandises can be affected by various factors beyond the Company’s control.

The availability and prices of agricultural commodities are subject to wide fluctuations, including impacts from factors outside the Company’s control such as changes in market conditions, weather conditions, crop disease, plantings, government programs and policies, climate change, competition, and changes in global demand, which could adversely affect the Company’s operating results.  The Company uses a global network of procurement, processing, and transportation assets, as well as robust communications between global commodity merchandiser teams, to continually assess price and basis opportunities. Management-established limits (including a corporate wide value-at-risk metric), with robust internal reporting, help to manage risks in pursuit of driving performance. Additionally, the Company depends globally on agricultural producers to ensure an adequate supply of the agricultural commodities.

Reduced supply of agricultural commodities and rising costs of non-agricultural commodity raw materials could adversely affect the Company’s profitability by increasing the cost of raw materials and/or limiting the Company’s ability to procure, transport, store, process, and merchandise agricultural commodities and products in an efficient manner. High and volatile commodity and non-agricultural commodity prices can place more pressures on short-term working capital funding. Conversely, if supplies are abundant and crop production globally outpaces demand for more than one or two crop cycles, price volatility is somewhat diminished. This could result in reduced operating results due to the lack of supply chain dislocations and reduced market spread and basis opportunities. 

The Company has certain finished products, such as ethanol and biodiesel, which are closely related to, or may be substituted for, petroleum products, or in the case of ethanol, blended into gasoline to increase octane content. Therefore, the selling prices of ethanol and biodiesel can be impacted by the selling prices of gasoline, diesel fuel, and other octane enhancers.  A significant decrease in the price of gasoline, diesel fuel, or other octane enhancers could result in a significant decrease in the selling price of the Company’s ethanol and biodiesel. The Company uses derivative contracts as anticipatory hedges for both purchases of commodity inputs and sales of energy-based products in order to protect itself in the near term against these price trends and to protect and maximize processing margins. 

23

Item 1A.

RISK FACTORS (Continued)

The Company is subject to economic downturns and regional economic volatilities, which could adversely affect the Company’s operating results.

The Company conducts its business and has substantial assets located in many countries and geographic areas. While 63% of the Company’s long-lived assets are located in the United States, the Company also has significant operations in both developed areas (such as Western Europe, Canada, and Brazil) and emerging market areas. One of the Company’s strategies is to expand the global reach of its core model, which may include expanding or developing its business in emerging market areas. Both developed and emerging market areas are subject to impacts of economic downturns, including decreased demand for the Company’s products, and reduced availability of credit, or declining credit quality of the Company’s suppliers, customers, and other counterparties. In addition, emerging market areas could be subject to more volatile operating conditions including, but not limited to, logistics limitations or delays, labor-related challenges, epidemic outbreaks and economic recovery, limitations or regulations affecting trade flows, local currency concerns, and other economic and political instability.  Political fiscal instability could generate intrusive regulations in emerging markets, potentially creating unanticipated assessments of taxes, fees, increased risks of corruption, etc. Economic downturns and volatile market conditions could adversely affect the Company’s operating results and ability to execute its long-term business strategies, although the nature of many of the Company’s products (i.e. food and feed ingredients) is less sensitive to demand reductions in any economic downcycle. The Company mitigates this risk in many ways, including country risk and exposure analysis, government relations and tax compliance activities, and robust ethics compliance training requirements. 

The Company has significant competition in the markets in which it operates and is subject to industry-specific risks which could adversely affect the Company’s operating results.

The Company faces significant competition in each of its businesses and has numerous competitors, who can be different depending upon each of the business segments in which it participates.  The Company competes for the acquisition of inputs such as raw materials, transportation services, and other materials and supplies, as well as for workforce and talent. Competition impacts the Company’s ability to generate and increase its gross profit as a result of the following factors:  Pricing of the Company’s products is partly dependent upon industry processing capacity, which is impacted by competitor actions to bring idled capacity on-line, build new production capacity or execute aggressive consolidation; many of the products bought and sold by the Company are global commodities or are derived from global commodities that are highly price competitive and, in many cases, subject to substitution; significant changes in exchange rates of foreign currencies versus the U.S. dollar, particularly the currencies of major crop growing countries, could also make goods and products of these countries more competitive than U.S. products; improved yields in different crop growing regions may reduce the reliance on origination territories in which the Company has a significant presence; and continued merger and acquisition activities resulting in further consolidations could result in greater cost competitiveness and global scale of certain players in the industry, especially when acquirers are state-owned and/or backed by public funds and have profit and return objectives that may differ from publicly traded enterprises. To compete effectively, the Company focuses on safely improving efficiency in its production and distribution operations, developing and maintaining appropriate market presence, maintaining a high level of product safety and quality, supporting socially responsible and sustainable practices, promoting environmental responsibility, and working with customers to develop new products and tailored solutions.

The Company is subject to industry-specific risks which include, but are not limited to: launch of new products by other industries that can replace the functionalities of the Company’s production; shifting consumer preferences; and product safety and quality. In the case of the Nutrition business, while maintaining efficient and cost-effective operations are important, the ability to drive innovation and develop quality nutritional and wellness solutions for human and animal needs are key factors to remain competitive in the nutrition market. Certain of the Company’s merchandised commodities and finished products are used as ingredients in livestock and poultry feed.  The Company is subject to risks associated with economic, product quality, feed safety or other factors which may adversely affect the livestock and poultry businesses, including the outbreak of disease in livestock and poultry, for example African swine fever, which could adversely affect demand for the Company’s products used as ingredients in feed.  In addition, ADM’s increased investment in the flavors and ingredients businesses exposes the Company to increased risks related to rapidly changing consumer preferences and the impacts these changes could have on the success of certain of the Company’s customers. The Company continually assesses opportunities and demand in various regions.

24

Item 1A.

RISK FACTORS (Continued)

The Company’s risk management strategies may not be effective.

The Company has a Chief Risk Officer who oversees the ERM Program and regularly reports to the Board of Directors on the myriad of risks facing the Company and the Company’s strategies for mitigating those risks. The Company’s business is affected by fluctuations in agricultural commodity cash prices and derivative prices, transportation costs, energy prices, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and equity markets.  The Company monitors position limits, counterparty risks, and liquidity levels, and engages in other strategies and controls to manage these risks. The Company regularly reports its aggregate commodity risk exposures to the Board of Directors through the ERM process. The Company has an established commodity merchandising governance process that ensures proper position reporting and monitoring, limit approvals, and executes training on trade compliance, commodity regulatory reporting controls, and other policies. The Company’s risk monitoring efforts may not be successful at detecting a significant risk exposure.  If these controls and strategies are not successful in mitigating the Company’s exposure to these fluctuations, it could adversely affect the Company’s operating results.

Regulatory Risks

The Company is subject to numerous laws, regulations, and mandates globally which could adversely affect the Company’s operating results and forward strategy.

The Company does business globally, connecting crops and markets in over 190 countries, and is required to comply with laws and regulations administered by the United States federal government as well as state, local, and non-U.S. governmental authorities in numerous areas including: accounting and income taxes, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, global trade, trade sanctions, privacy and security, environmental, product safety, and handling and production of regulated substances.  The Company frequently faces challenges from U.S. and foreign tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due including questions regarding the timing, amount of deductions, the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. Legislatures and taxing authorities in many jurisdictions in which ADM operates may enact changes to their tax rules. For example, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (the “OECD”), the European Union, and other countries (including countries in which the Company operates) have committed to enacting substantial changes to numerous long-standing tax principles impacting how large multinational enterprises are taxed. In particular, the OECD’s Pillar Two initiative introduces a 15% global minimum tax applied on a country-by-country basis and for which many jurisdictions have now committed to an effective enactment date starting January 1, 2024. ADM will continually monitor potential and enacted tax changes, including the implementation of Pillar Two legislation, in the countries in which the Company operates. The impact of these potential new rules, as well as any other changes in domestic and international tax rules and regulations, could have a material effect on ADM’s effective tax rate. Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or appropriately resolve these challenges could subject the Company to administrative, civil, and criminal remedies, including fines, penalties, disgorgement, injunctions, and recalls of its products, and damage to its reputation.

25

Item 1A.

RISK FACTORS (Continued)

Regulations specifically affecting the agricultural sector and related industries; regulatory policies or matters that affect a variety of businesses; and taxation polices could adversely affect the Company’s operating results.

Agricultural production and trade flows are subject to government policies, mandates, regulations, and trade agreements, including taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies, incentives, foreign exchange rates, and import and export restrictions, including policies related to genetically modified organisms, traceability standards, sustainable practices, product safety and labeling, renewable fuels, and low carbon fuel mandates. These policies can influence the planting of certain crops; the location and size of crop production; whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded; the volume and types of imports and exports; the availability and competitiveness of feedstocks as raw materials; the viability and volume of production of certain of the Company’s products; and industry profitability.  For example, changes in government policies or regulations of ethanol and biodiesel including, but not limited to, changes in the Renewable Fuel Standard program under the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 in the United States, including the treatment of small refinery exemptions, can have an impact on the Company’s operating results.  International trade regulations can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. Regulations of financial markets and instruments, including the Dodd-Frank Act, Consumer Protection Act, and the European Market Infrastructure Regulation, create uncertainty and may lead to additional risks and costs, and could adversely affect the Company’s futures commission merchant business and its agricultural commodity risk management practices. Future government policies may adversely affect the supply of, demand for, and prices of the Company’s products; adversely affect the Company’s ability to deploy adequate hedging programs; restrict the Company’s ability to do business in its existing and target markets; and adversely affect the Company’s revenues and operating results.

The Company’s strategy involves expanding the volume and diversity of crops it merchandises and processes, expanding the global reach of its core model, expanding its value-added product portfolio, and expanding the sustainable agriculture programs and partnerships it participates in. Government policies including, but not limited to, antitrust and competition law, trade restrictions, food safety regulations, sustainability requirements, and traceability, can impact the Company’s ability to execute this strategy successfully.

Technological Risks

Information technology (IT) systems are subject to interruptions or failures which may affect the Company’s ability to conduct its business.

The Company’s operations rely on certain key IT systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, to provide critical data connectivity, information, and services for internal and external users.  These interactions include, but are not limited to: ordering and managing materials from suppliers; risk management activities; converting raw materials to finished products; inventory management; shipping products to customers; processing transactions; summarizing and reporting financial results of operations; human resources benefits and payroll management; and complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements. Additionally, legacy technologies are used to support significant business functions. The instability of aging legacy systems could diminish performance and elevate the risk of system failures, reduce compatibility with modern software, and impact growth initiatives. The Company is implementing a new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system and integrating it with various third party service providers on a worldwide basis as part of its ongoing business transformation program, which will improve the efficiency and effectiveness of certain financial and business transaction processes and the underlying systems environment. The new ERP system will mitigate the instability of aging legacy systems as the Company transitions to the new 1ADM platform.

26

Item 1A.

RISK FACTORS (Continued)

The Company’s IT systems, processes, and sites may suffer cyber security breaches, which could expose the Company to operational and various regulatory risks.

Increased IT security and social engineering threats and more sophisticated computer crime, including advanced persistent threats, pose a potential risk to the security of the Company’s IT systems, networks, and services, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of the Company’s third party data. The Company is subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. Compliance with and interpretation of various data privacy regulations continue to evolve and any violation could subject the Company to legal claims, regulatory penalties, and damage to its reputation. The Company has put in place security measures to endeavor to prevent, detect, and mitigate cyber-based attacks, and has instituted control procedures for cybersecurity incident response plans for its critical systems. In addition, the Company monitors this risk on an ongoing basis to detect and correct breaches, and reports metrics on the quality of the Company’s data security efforts and control environment to the highest level of management and to the Board of Directors. However, if the Company’s IT systems are breached, damaged, or cease to function properly due to any number of causes, such as catastrophic events, power outages, security breaches, or cyber-based attacks, and the Company’s recovery efforts do not effectively mitigate the risks on a timely basis, the Company may suffer significant interruptions in its ability to manage its operations, loss of valuable data, actual or threatened legal actions, and damage to its reputation, which may adversely impact the Company’s revenues, operating results, and financial condition.

Generative AI advancements are progressing at an unprecedented pace, which brings risks that could subject the Company to loss through various technical, legal, and opportunistic-related risks.

The pace of Generative AI and the complex and dynamic regulatory environment subjects the Company to a variety of risks including, but not limited to, data privacy and security vulnerabilities, unauthorized third-party usage of Company data associated with training models, malicious use and advanced deceitful communication methods, missed innovation opportunities, and potential competitive disadvantages. Guidance for awareness and responsible Generative AI use to protect ADM data from a legal and ethical standpoint, along with technological development for opportunistic uses, monitoring, and oversight are important components of the Company’s risk mitigation approach.