The
 availability and price of the agricultural commodities and agricultural
 commodity products the Company produces and merchandises can be affected
 by
 weather, disease, government programs, and various other factors beyond the
 Company’s control and could adversely affect the Company’s operating
 results.

The
 availability and price of agricultural commodities are subject to wide
 fluctuations due to unpredictable factors such as weather, plantings, government
 (domestic and foreign) farm programs and policies, changes in global demand
 resulting from population growth and changes in standards of living, and
 global
 production of similar and competitive crops.  These factors have
 historically caused volatility in the agricultural commodities industry and,
 consequently, in the Company’s operating results.  Reduced supply of
 agricultural commodities due to weather-related factors or other reasons
 could
 adversely affect the Company’s profitability by increasing the cost of raw
 materials used in the Company’s agricultural processing
 operations.  Reduced supplies of agricultural commodities could also
 limit the Company’s ability to procure, transport, store, process, and
 merchandise agricultural commodities in an efficient manner which could
 adversely affect the Company’s profitability.  In addition, the
 availability and price of agricultural commodities can be affected by other
 factors, such as plant disease, which can result in crop failures and reduced
 harvests.

Also,
 with
 respect to prices, to the extent production capacity is added within the
 agricultural processing industry, the disruption to the balance of supply
 and
 demand may result in downward pressure on the relevant product prices, thereby
 adversely affecting revenues and operating results.

Fluctuations
 in energy prices could adversely affect the Company’s operating
 results.

The
 Company’s operating costs and selling prices of certain finished products are
 sensitive to changes in energy prices.  The Company’s processing
 plants are powered principally by electricity, natural gas, and
 coal.  The Company’s transportation operations are dependent upon
 diesel fuel and other petroleum products.  Significant increases in
 the cost of these items could adversely affect the Company’s production costs
 and operating results.

The
 Company has certain finished products, such as ethanol and biodiesel, which
 are
 closely related to, or may be substituted for, petroleum
 products.  Therefore, the selling prices of ethanol and biodiesel
 relate to the selling prices of unleaded gasoline and diesel fuel.  A
 significant decrease in the price of unleaded gasoline or diesel fuel could
 result in a significant decrease in the selling price of the Company’s ethanol
 and biodiesel and could adversely affect the Company’s revenues and operating
 results.

The
 Company is subject to economic downturns, political instability and other
 risks
 of doing business globally which could adversely affect the Company’s operating
 results.

The
 Company conducts its business and has substantial assets located in many
 countries and geographic areas. The Company’s operations are principally in
 developed countries in the United States, Europe, and South America but the
 Company also operates in, or plans to expand or develop its business in,
 emerging market areas such as Asia. Both developed and emerging market areas
 are
 subject to economic downturns and emerging market areas could be subject
 to more
 volatile economic, political and market conditions. Such economic downturns
 and
 volatile conditions may have a negative impact on the Company’s ability to
 execute its business strategies and on its operating results.

 Item
 1A.

 (Continued)

The
 Company’s operating results could be affected by changes in trade, monetary and
 fiscal policies, laws and regulations, and other activities of United States
 and foreign, agencies, and similar organizations.  These
 conditions include but are not limited to changes in a country’s or region’s
 economic or political conditions, trade regulations affecting production,
 pricing and marketing of products, local labor conditions and regulations,
 reduced protection of intellectual property rights, changes in the regulatory
 or
 legal environment, restrictions on currency exchange activities, currency
 exchange fluctuations, burdensome taxes and tariffs, and other trade
 barriers.  International risks and uncertainties, including changing
 social and economic conditions as well as terrorism, political hostilities,
 and
 war, could limit the Company’s ability to transact business in these markets and
 could adversely affect the Company’s revenues and operating results.

Government
 policies and regulations, in general, and specifically affecting the
 agricultural sector and related industries, could adversely affect the
 Company’s operating results.

Agricultural
 production and trade flows are subject to government policies and regulations.
 Governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry, such as taxes,
 tariffs, duties, subsidies, and import and export restrictions on agricultural
 commodities and commodity products, can influence the planting of certain
 crops,
 the location and size of crop production, whether unprocessed or processed
 commodity products are traded, the volume and types of imports and exports,
 the
 availability and competitiveness of feedstocks as raw materials, and industry
 profitability.  In addition, international trade disputes can adversely
 affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade
 between countries or regions. Future government policies may adversely affect
 the supply of, demand for, and prices of the Company’s products, restrict the
 Company’s ability to do business in its existing and target markets, and could
 negatively impact revenues and operating results.

The
 Company is subject to food and feed
 industry risks which could adversely affect the Company’s operating
 results.

The
 Company is subject to food industry risks which include, but are not limited
 to,
 food spoilage or food contamination, shifting consumer preferences, federal,
 state, and local food processing regulations, and customer product liability
 claims.  The liability which could result from these risks may not
 always be covered or could exceed liability insurance related to product
 liability and food safety matters maintained by the Company.  The
 occurrence of any of the matters described above could adversely affect the
 Company’s revenues and operating results.

Certain
 of
 the Company’s merchandised commodities and finished products are used as
 ingredients in livestock and poultry feed.  The Company is subject to
 risks associated with the outbreak of disease in livestock and poultry,
 including, but not limited to, mad-cow disease and avian
 influenza.  The outbreak of disease could adversely affect demand for
 the Company’s products used as ingredients in livestock and poultry
 feed.  A decrease in demand for these products could adversely affect
 the Company’s revenues and operating results.

 Item
 1A.

 RISK
 FACTORS (Continued)

The
 Company is subject to numerous laws and regulations globally which could
 adversely affect the Company’s operating results.

The
 Company is required to comply with the numerous and broad reaching laws and
 regulations administered by United States federal, state, local, and foreign
 governmental agencies relating to, but not limited to, the sourcing,
 transporting, storing, and processing of agricultural raw materials as well
 as
 the transporting, storing and distributing of related agricultural products
 including commercial activities conducted by Company employees and third
 parties globally.  Any failure to comply with applicable laws and
 regulations could subject the Company to administrative penalties and injunctive
 relief, civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, and recalls of its
 products.

The
 production of the Company’s products requires the use of materials which can
 create emissions of certain regulated substances.  Although the
 Company has programs in place throughout the organization globally to guard
 against non-compliance, failure to comply with these regulations can have
 serious consequences, including civil and administrative penalties as well
 as a
 negative impact on the Company’s reputation.

In
 addition, changes to regulations may require the Company to modify existing
 processing facilities and/or processes which could significantly increase
 operating costs and negatively impact operating results.

The
 Company is exposed to potential business disruption, including but not limited
 to transportation services, and other serious adverse impacts resulting from
 acts of terrorism or war, natural disasters and severe weather conditions,
 and
 accidents which could adversely affect the Company’s operating
 results.

The
 assets
 and operations of the Company are subject to damage and disruption from various
 events which include, but are not limited to, acts of terrorism or war, natural
 disasters and severe weather conditions, accidents, explosions, and
 fires.

The
 potential effects of the conditions cited above include, but are not limited
 to,
 extensive property damage, extended business interruption, personal injuries,
 and damage to the environment.  The Company’s operations also rely on
 dependable and efficient transportation services.  A disruption in
 transportation services could result in supply problems at the Company’s
 processing plants and impair the Company’s ability to deliver processed products
 to its customers in a timely manner.