The
 availability and price of the agricultural commodities and agricultural
 commodity products the Company produces and merchandises can be affected by
 weather, disease, government programs and other factors beyond the Company’s
 control.

The
 availability and price of agricultural commodities are subject to wide
 fluctuations due to unpredictable factors such as weather, plantings, government
 (domestic and foreign) farm programs and policies, changes in global demand
 resulting from population growth and changes in standards of living, and global
 production of similar and competitive crops. These factors 
have
 historically caused volatility in the agricultural commodities industry and,
 consequently, in the Company’s operating results. Reduced supply of
 agricultural commodities due to weather-related factors could adversely affect
 the Company’s profitability by increasing the cost of raw materials used in the
 Company’s agricultural processing operations. Reduced supplies of agricultural
 commodities could also limit the Company’s ability to procure, transport, store,
 process, and merchandise agricultural commodities in an efficient manner which
 could adversely affect the Company’s profitability. In addition, the
 availability and price of agricultural commodities can be affected by other
 factors such as plant disease which can result in crop failures and reduced
 harvests. 

Fluctuations
 in energy prices could adversely affect the Company’s operating
 results.

The
 Company’s operating costs and selling prices of certain finished products are
 sensitive to changes in energy prices. The Company’s processing plants are
 powered principally by electricity, natural gas, and coal. The Company’s
 transportation operations are dependent upon diesel fuel and other petroleum
 products. Significant increases in the cost of these items could adversely
 affect the Company’s production costs and profitability.

 Item
 1A.

 - Continued

The
 Company has certain finished products, such as ethanol and biodiesel, which
 are
 closely related to, or may be substituted for, petroleum products. Therefore,
 the selling prices of ethanol and biodiesel relate to the selling prices of
 unleaded gasoline and diesel fuel. A significant decrease in the price of
 unleaded gasoline or diesel fuel could result in a significant decrease in
 the
 selling price of the Company’s ethanol and biodiesel and could adversely affect
 the Company’s revenues and operating results.

The
 Company is subject to economic and political instability and other risks of
 doing business globally.

The
 Company conducts its business in many countries and wholly-owns, or has
 significant ownership interests in, subsidiaries located outside of the United
 States. The Company’s operations are principally in developed countries.
 However, volatile economic, political and market conditions in some countries
 in
 which the Company operates may have a negative impact on operating results
 and
 the Company’s ability to execute its business strategies.

The
 Company is also exposed to other risks of international operations,
 including:

 ·  

 regulation
 of the economy in the markets in which the Company
 operates;

 ·  

 inflation
 and adverse economic conditions resulting from governmental attempts
 to
 reduce inflation, such as imposition of higher interest rates and
 wage and
 price controls;

 ·  

 trade
 barriers on imports or exports, such as higher tariffs and taxes
 on
 imports of agricultural commodities and commodity
 products;

 ·  

 changes
 in the tax laws or inconsistent tax regulations in the countries
 in which
 the Company operates;

 ·  

 currency
 exchange rate fluctuations; exchange controls or other currency
 restrictions; and

 ·  

 civil
 unrest or significant political
 instability.

The
 occurrence of any of these events in the markets in which the Company operates,
 or in other markets where the Company plans to expand or develop its business,
 could jeopardize or limit the Company’s ability to transact business in those
 markets and could adversely affect the Company’s revenues and operating
 results.

Disruption
 of transportation services could adversely affect the Company’s operating
 results.

The
 Company’s operations rely on dependable and efficient transportation services. A
 disruption in transportation services could result in supply problems at the
 Company’s processing plants and impair the Company’s ability to deliver
 processed products to its customers in a timely manner. In addition, a
 disruption in transportation services could adversely impact the Company’s
 procurement, transportation, and merchandising operations. The Company owns
 ground, river, and rail transportation assets in order to manage its risk
 related to transportation system disruptions. However, a natural disaster or
 other catastrophic event could result in disruptions in regional transportation
 infrastructure systems affecting the Company’s transportation assets and those
 of the Company’s third-party transportation providers. Disruption in
 transportation services could interrupt the Company’s processing, procurement,
 transportation, and merchandising operations and adversely affect the Company’s
 revenues and operating results.

 Item
 1A.

 RISK
 FACTORS - Continued

Government
 policies and environmental regulations affecting the agricultural sector and
 related industries could adversely affect the Company’s operations and
 profitability.

Agricultural
 production and trade flows are subject to government policies and
 regulations. Governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry, such
 as
 taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies and import and export restrictions on
 agricultural commodities and commodity products, can influence the planting
 of
 certain crops, the location and size of crop production, whether
 unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded, the volume and types
 of
 imports and exports, and industry profitability. In addition, international
 trade disputes can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by
 limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. Future government
 policies may adversely affect the supply, demand for, and prices of the
 Company’s products, restrict the Company’s ability to do business in its
 existing and target markets and could negatively impact the Company’s operating
 results.

A
 significant part of the Company’s operations are regulated by environmental laws
 and regulations. The production of the Company’s products requires the use of
 materials which can create emissions of certain regulated substances. The
 Company cannot be assured that it is in compliance with all environmental
 requirements at all times, or that the Company will not incur material costs
 or
 liabilities to comply with environmental requirements. In addition, changes
 to
 environmental regulations may require the Company to modify its existing
 processing facilities and could significantly increase operating
 costs.

The
 Company faces significant competition in each of its business
 segments.

The
 Company has significant competition in the markets in which it operates. Markets
 for the Company’s products are highly price competitive and sensitive to product
 substitution. No single company competes with the Company in all of its markets.
 However, a number of large companies compete with the Company in one or more
 markets. Major competitors in one or more markets include Barry Callebaut A.G.,
 Bunge, Ltd., Cargill, Inc., Corn Products International, Inc. and Tate
& Lyle PLC. In addition, the Company also competes with regional suppliers,
 processors and distributors, and farm cooperatives. Competition could cause
 the
 Company to lose market share, exit certain lines of business, increase
 expenditures or reduce pricing, each of which could have an adverse effect
 on
 the Company’s revenues and operating results.

The
 Company is subject to food and feed industry risks.

The
 Company is subject to food industry risks which include, but are not limited
 to,
 food spoilage or food contamination, shifting consumer preferences, federal,
 state, and local food processing regulations, and customer product liability
 claims. In addition, the Company may not always be able to obtain adequate
 liability insurance related to product liability and food safety matters. The
 occurrence of any of the matters described above could adversely affect the
 Company’s revenues and operating results.

Certain
 of
 the Company’s merchandised commodities and finished products are used as
 ingredients in livestock and poultry feed. The Company is subject to risks
 associated with the outbreak of disease in livestock and poultry, including,
 but
 not limited to, mad-cow disease and avian influenza. The outbreak of disease
 could adversely affect demand for the Company’s products used as
 ingredients in livestock and poultry feed. A decrease in demand for
 these products could adversely affect the Company’s revenues and operating
 results.