We operate in a rapidly changing
environment that involves a number of risks, many of which are beyond our control. In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, the following discussion highlights some of these risks and the possible impact of these factors on
future results of operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted, causing the trading price of our common stock to decline. In addition, these risks and
uncertainties may impact the “forward-looking” statements described elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in the documents incorporated herein by reference. They could affect our actual results of operations, causing them to differ materially
from those expressed in “forward-looking” statements. 

General economic conditions may affect our net revenue and harm our
business. 

As our business has expanded globally, we have become increasingly subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in
domestic and global economic and political conditions. Economic growth in the United States slowed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. If economic growth in the United States and other countries’ economies slows, or continues to slow in the
United States, many customers may delay or reduce technology purchases. This could result in reductions in sales of our products, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. In addition, weakness in the
end-user market could negatively affect the cash flow of our distributors and resellers who could, in turn, delay paying their obligations to us, which would increase our credit risk exposure and cause delays in our recognition of revenue on future
sales to these customers. Any of these events would likely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
efforts to develop and introduce new product and service offerings expose us to risks such as limited customer acceptance, costs related to product defects and large expenditures that may not result in additional net revenue. 

Rapid technological changes, as well as changes in customer requirements and preferences, characterize the software industry. We are devoting significant
resources to the development of technologies, like our vertical design products and our digital prototyping and collaboration products. In addition, we are introducing new business models that require a considerable investment of technical and
financial resources. Such investments may not result in sufficient revenue generation to justify their costs, or competitors may introduce new products and services that achieve acceptance among our current customers, adversely affecting our
competitive position. In particular, a critical component of our growth strategy is to convert our customers of AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT to related vertical industry products and to our 3D model-based design products such as the Autodesk Inventor
products, the Revit products, AutoCAD Civil 3D and NavisWorks products. Should sales of AutoCAD, AutoCAD upgrades and AutoCAD LT products decrease without a corresponding conversion of customer seats to our 2D vertical products and 3D model-based
design products, our results of operations will be adversely affected. 

Additionally, the software products we offer are complex, and
despite extensive testing and quality control, may contain errors or defects. These defects or errors could result in the need for corrective releases to our software products, damage to our reputation, loss of revenue, an increase in product
returns or lack of market acceptance of our products, any of which would likely harm our business. 

Net revenue or earnings shortfalls
or the volatility of the market generally may cause the market price of our stock to decline. 

The market price for our common stock has
experienced significant fluctuations and may continue to fluctuate significantly. The market price for our common stock may be affected by a number of factors, including shortfalls in our net revenue, earnings or key performance metrics; changes in
estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; the announcement of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; 

17 

Table of Contents

quarterly variations in our or our competitors’ results of operations; developments in our industry; unusual events such as significant acquisitions,
divestitures and litigation; and general socio-economic, political or market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance, like the current credit issues effecting the economy or the operating performance of
our competitors. 

In addition, significant changes in the price of our common stock could expose the Company to additional costly and
time-consuming litigation. Historically, after periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, a company becomes more susceptible to securities class action litigation. This type of litigation is often expensive and diverts
management’s attention and resources. 

Because we derive a substantial portion of our net revenue from AutoCAD-based software
products, if these products are not successful, our net revenue will be adversely affected. 

We derive a substantial portion of our net
revenue from sales of licenses of AutoCAD software, including products based on AutoCAD that serve specific vertical markets, upgrades to those products and products that are interoperable with AutoCAD. As such, any factor adversely affecting sales
of these products, including the product release cycle, market acceptance, product competition, performance and reliability, reputation, price competition, economic and market conditions and the availability of third-party applications, would likely
harm our operating results. 

Our international operations expose us to significant regulatory, intellectual property, collections,
currency exchange rate, taxation and other risks, which could adversely impact our future net revenue and increase our net expenses. 

We
anticipate that international operations will continue to account for a significant portion of our net revenue and as we expand our international development expertise, will provide significant support to our overall development efforts. Risks
inherent in our international operations include fluctuating currency exchange rates, unexpected changes in regulatory practices and tariffs, difficulties in staffing and managing foreign sales and development operations, longer collection cycles
for accounts receivable, potential changes in tax laws, tax arrangements with foreign governments and laws regarding the management of data, possible future limitations upon foreign owned businesses, and greater difficulty in protecting intellectual
property. 

Our international results will also continue to be impacted by general economic and political conditions in foreign markets
generally, including conditions in foreign markets resulting from economic and political conditions in the United States. These factors may adversely impact our future international operations and consequently our business as a whole. 

We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results and cash flows. 

Because we conduct a substantial portion of our business outside the United States, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange
rates. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. 

We use derivative instruments to manage a portion of our earnings exposure and cash flow exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. As
part of our risk management strategy, we use foreign currency forward and option contracts to manage a portion of our exposures of underlying assets, liabilities and other obligations, which exist as part of our ongoing business operations. These
foreign currency instruments have maturities of less than three months. These instruments provide us with some protection against currency exposures for only the current quarter. Significant appreciation of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies
may adversely impact our future net revenue. 

18 

Table of Contents

Our investment portfolio is composed of a variety of investment vehicles in a number of countries
which are subject to economic factors, interest rate trends and market volatility. If general economic conditions create a decline in interest rates, deterioration in the credit rating of our investments, or illiquidity in the financial marketplace,
we may experience a decline in interest income, an inability to sell our investments, or an impairment in the value of our investments. 

We invest our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities with and in the custody of financial institutions with high credit ratings and limit the amounts invested with any one institution, type of security and issuer. However, we are
subject to general economic conditions, interest rate trends and volatility in the financial marketplace that can affect the income that we receive from our investments, the value of our investments, and our ability to sell them. In the United
States, for example, if the Federal Reserve continues to lower interest rates, the yields on our portfolio securities may decline. Any one of these factors could reduce our interest income, which in turn could impact our overall net income and
earnings per share. 

At January 31, 2008, we had auction rate securities with an estimated fair value of $8.4 million ($9.0 million
cost basis) included in non-current “Marketable securities” due to their lack of liquidity. These AAA-rated auction rate securities, which met our investment guidelines at the time the investments were made, have failed to settle at
monthly auctions since August 2007. The failed auctions resulted in the interest rate on these investments resetting at a premium as a result of a lack of liquidity for the underlying investment. We determined that these securities are temporarily
impaired because the securities are fully insured, we earn a premium interest rate on the investments, the duration of the auction failures are believed to be a temporary market condition, and we have the intention and ability to hold the securities
until the market value can be realized. However, in the future, if these issuers are unable to successfully close future auctions and their credit deteriorates, we may be required to adjust the carrying value of the investment through an impairment
charge. 

If we do not maintain our relationships with the members of our distribution channel, or achieve anticipated levels of
sell-through, our ability to generate net revenue will be adversely affected. 

We sell our software products both directly to customers
and through a network of distributors and resellers. Our ability to effectively distribute our products depends in part upon the financial and business condition of our reseller network. Computer software distributors and resellers are typically not
highly capitalized and have previously experienced difficulties during times of economic contraction and may do so in the future. While we have processes to ensure that we assess the creditworthiness of dealers and distributors prior to our sales to
them, if their financial condition were to deteriorate, they might not be able to make repeat purchases. We rely significantly upon major distributors and resellers in both the United States and international regions, including Tech Data Corporation
and their affiliates, which accounted for 14% of our consolidated net revenue for fiscal 2008 and 12% of our consolidated net revenue for fiscal 2007. Over time, we have modified and will continue to modify aspects of our relationship with our
resellers, such as their incentive programs, pricing to them and our distribution model, to motivate and reward them for aligning their businesses with our strategy and business objectives. Changes in these relationships and underlying programs
could negatively impact their business and harm our business. In addition, the loss of or a significant reduction in business with those distributors or resellers or the failure to achieve anticipated levels of sell-through with any one of our major
international distributors or large resellers could harm our business. In particular, if one or more of such resellers were unable to meet their obligations with respect to accounts payable to us, we could be forced to write off such accounts and
may be required to delay the recognition of revenue on future sales to these customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in a given period. 

Incentives under our Partner Incentive Program and product returns could exceed our estimates and harm our net revenue. 

We provide our channel partners incentives through our Partner Incentive Program. This is a short-term plan that uses monetary rewards to motivate
distributors and resellers to achieve business goals in a specified time 

19 

Table of Contents

period. The majority of these goals are defined by quarterly targets. The majority of our partner incentive reserves reduce license and other revenue in the
current period. The remainder relates to incentives on our Subscription Program and reduces deferred revenue in the period the subscription transaction is billed. This reduction in deferred revenue results in a reduction of maintenance revenue over
the maintenance contract period. We also permit our distributors and resellers to return products subject to certain limitations. Consistent with our experience in fiscal 2008, we anticipate that product returns will continue to be driven by new
product releases, product update cycles and software quality. 

We establish revenue reserves for incentives under our Partner Incentive
Program and for product returns. Partner incentive reserves are based on achievement against purchase quotas for each distributor and reseller. We also establish product return reserves based on historical experience, estimated channel inventory
levels and the timing of new product introductions and other factors. While we maintain strict measures to monitor our partner incentive and product return reserves, actual incentives or product returns may exceed our reserve estimates, and such
differences could harm our business. 

Existing and increased competition may reduce our net revenue and profits. 

The software industry has limited barriers to entry, and the availability of desktop computers with continually expanding performance at progressively
lower prices contributes to the ease of market entry. The markets in which we compete are characterized by vigorous competition, both by entry of competitors with innovative technologies and by consolidation of companies with complementary products
and technologies. In addition, some of our competitors in certain markets have greater financial, technical, sales and marketing and other resources. Furthermore, a reduction in the number and availability of compatible third-party applications may
adversely affect the sale of our products. Because of these and other factors, competitive conditions in the industry are likely to intensify in the future. Increased competition could result in continued price reductions, reduced net revenue and
profit margins and loss of market share, any of which would likely harm our business. 

We believe that our future results depend largely
upon our ability to offer products that compete favorably with respect to reliability, performance, ease of use, range of useful features, continuing product enhancements, reputation and price. 

We have been named as a party in lawsuits related to our historical stock option practices and related accounting, and we may be named in additional
litigation in the future, all of which could result in an unfavorable outcome and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price for our securities. 

Three lawsuits have been filed against us and our current officers and certain of our current and former directors and officers relating to our historical
stock option practices and related accounting. See Note 6, “Commitments and Contingencies” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a more detailed description of these proceedings. These actions are in the preliminary stages,
and the ultimate outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price for our securities. 

We may become the subject of additional private or government actions in the future, including stockholder or employee litigation. Litigation may be
time-consuming, expensive and disruptive to normal business operations, and the outcome of litigation is difficult to predict. The defense of lawsuits may result in significant expenditures and the diversion of our management’s time and
attention from the operation of our business, which could impede our business. All or a portion of any amount we may be required to pay to satisfy a judgment or settlement of any claims may not be covered by insurance. 

20 

Table of Contents

While we believe we currently have adequate internal control over financial reporting, we are required
to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and any adverse results from such evaluation could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an
adverse effect on our stock price. 

Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Section 404”), we are
required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting. The report contains, among other matters, an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our
fiscal year, including a statement as to whether or not our internal control over financial reporting is effective. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting identified by
management. 

While we have determined in our Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting included in this Form 10-K,
that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2008, we must continue to monitor and assess our internal control over financial reporting. If our management identifies one or more material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting and such weakness remains uncorrected at fiscal year end, we will be unable to assert such internal control is effective at fiscal year end. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over
financial reporting is effective at fiscal year end (or if our independent registered public accounting firm are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls), we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and
completeness of our financial reports, which would likely have an adverse effect on our business and stock price. 

We may face
intellectual property infringement claims that could be costly to defend and result in our loss of significant rights. 

As more and more
software patents are granted worldwide, as the number of products and competitors in our industry segments grows and as the functionality of products in different industry segments overlaps, we expect that software product developers will be
increasingly subject to infringement claims. Infringement or misappropriation claims have in the past been, and may in the future be, asserted against us, and any such assertions could harm our business. Additionally, certain patent holders without
products have become more aggressive in threatening and pursuing litigation in attempts to obtain fees for licensing the right to use patents. Any such claims or threats, whether with or without merit, have been and could in the future be
time-consuming to defend, result in costly litigation and diversion of resources, or could cause product shipment delays or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. In addition, such royalty or license agreements, if required, may
not be available on acceptable terms, if at all, which would likely harm our business. 

Changes in existing financial accounting
standards or practices, or taxation rules or practices may adversely affect our results of operations. 

Changes in existing accounting
or taxation rules or practices, new accounting pronouncements or taxation rules, or varying interpretations of current accounting pronouncements or taxation practice could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations or the manner
in which we conduct our business. Further, such changes could potentially affect our reporting of transactions completed before such changes are effective. In particular, for fiscal 2007, we adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 123R (“SFAS 123R”) which requires us to record stock-based compensation charges to earnings for employee stock option grants using a fair-value-based method for determining such charges. We believe that the adoption of SFAS 123R
will continue to materially adversely impact our earnings and may impact the manner in which we conduct our business. 

Our business
could suffer as a result of risks associated with strategic acquisitions and investments such as the acquisition of NavisWorks, Robobat and Hanna Strategies. 

We periodically acquire or invest in businesses, software products and technologies that are complementary to our business through strategic alliances, equity investments or acquisitions. For example, we recently

21 

Table of Contents

completed the acquisition of NavisWorks, Robobat and Hanna Strategies. The risks associated with such acquisitions include, among others, the difficulty of
assimilating the products, operations and personnel of the companies, the failure to realize anticipated revenue and cost projections, the requirement to test and assimilate the internal control processes of the acquired business in accordance with
the requirements of Section 404, and the diversion of management’s time and attention. In addition, such acquisitions and investments may involve significant transaction or integration-related costs. We may not be successful in overcoming
such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. In addition, such acquisitions and investments have in the past and may in the future contribute to potential fluctuations in quarterly results of operations. The
fluctuations could arise from transaction-related costs and charges associated with eliminating redundant expenses or write-offs of impaired assets recorded in connection with acquisitions and investments. We also may need to make further
investments to support these acquired companies and may have difficulty identifying and acquiring appropriate resources. These costs or charges, including those relating to the NavisWorks, Robobat and Hanna Strategies acquisitions, could negatively
impact results of operations for a given period or cause quarter to quarter variability in our operating results. 

Our operating results
fluctuate within each quarter and from quarter to quarter making our future revenue and operating results difficult to predict. 

Our
quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the past and may do so in the future. These fluctuations could cause our stock price to change significantly or experience declines. Some of the factors that could cause our operating results to
fluctuate include the timing of the introduction of new products by us or our competitors, slowing of momentum in upgrade or maintenance revenue, the adoption of SFAS 123R, which required us to record compensation expense for shares issued under our
stock plans beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2007 with a negative impact on our results of operations, fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates, failure to achieve anticipated levels of customer acceptance of key new applications,
failure to follow sales policies, unexpected costs or other operating expenses, changes in product pricing or product mix, platform changes, failure to convert our 2D customer base to 3D model-based design products, timing of product releases and
retirements, failure to continue momentum of frequent release cycles or to move a significant number of customers from prior product versions in connection with our programs to retire major products, unexpected outcomes of matters relating to
litigation, failure to achieve continued cost reductions and productivity increases, unanticipated changes in tax rates and tax laws, distribution channel management, changes in sales compensation practices, the timing of large Advanced Systems
sales, failure to effectively implement our copyright legalization programs, especially in developing countries, failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies, failure to achieve sufficient sell-through in our channels for
new or existing products, the financial and business condition of our reseller and distribution channels, renegotiation or termination of royalty or intellectual property arrangements, interruptions or terminations in the business of our consultants
or third party developers, failure to grow lifecycle management or collaboration products, unanticipated impact of accounting for technology acquisitions and general economic conditions, particularly in countries where we derive a significant
portion of our net revenue. 

We have also experienced fluctuations in operating results in interim periods in certain geographic regions
due to seasonality or regional economic conditions. In particular, our operating results in Europe during the third quarter are usually affected by a slow summer period, and the Asia Pacific operations typically experience seasonal slowing in the
third and fourth quarters. 

Our operating expenses are based in part on our expectations for future revenue and are relatively fixed in the
short term. Accordingly, any revenue shortfall below expectations could have an immediate and significant adverse effect on our profitability. Greater than anticipated expenses or a failure to maintain rigorous cost controls would also negatively
affect profitability. Further, gross margins may be adversely affected if our sales of AutoCAD LT, upgrades and Advanced Systems products, which historically have had lower margins, grow at a faster rate than sales of our higher-margin products.

22 

Table of Contents

We cannot accurately predict customer subscription attach and renewal rates and the impact these
attach and renewal rates will have on our future revenue or operating results. 

Our maintenance customers have no obligation to attach
maintenance to their initial license or renew their maintenance subscriptions after the expiration of their initial subscription period, which is typically one year. Our customers’ attachment and renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a
result of a number of factors. If our customers do not attach maintenance to their initial license or renew their subscriptions for our products, then our maintenance revenue will decline and our business will suffer. 

We rely on third party technologies and if we are unable to use or integrate these technologies, our product and service development may be delayed.

We rely on certain software that we license from third parties, including software that is integrated with internally developed
software and used in our products to perform key functions. These third-party software licenses may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, and the software may not be appropriately supported, maintained or enhanced by the
licensors. The loss of licenses to, or inability to support, maintain and enhance any such software could result in increased costs, or in delays or reductions in product shipments until equivalent software could be developed, identified, licensed
and integrated, which would likely harm our business. 

We are investing resources in updating and improving our internal information
technology systems. Should our investments not succeed, or if delays or other issues with a new internal technology system disrupt our operations, our business would be harmed. 

We rely on our network and data center infrastructure, internal technology systems and our websites for our development, marketing, operational, support
and sales activities. We are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments in order to meet the growing requirements of our business and customers. For example, in November 2007, we converted from two
order entry systems to a single order entry system. The objectives of this conversion were to improve the efficiency of operations for Autodesk and our resellers. Unsuccessful implementation of hardware or software updates and improvements could
result in disruption in our business operations, loss of revenue or damage to our reputation. 

Disruptions with licensing relationships
and third party developers could adversely impact our business. 

We license certain key technologies from third parties. Licenses may be
restricted in the term or the use of such technology in ways that negatively affect our business. Similarly, we may not be able to obtain or renew license agreements for key technology on favorable terms, if at all, and any failure to do so could
harm our business. 

Our business strategy has historically depended in part on our relationships with third-party developers who provide
products that expand the functionality of our design software. Some developers may elect to support other products or may experience disruption in product development and delivery cycles or financial pressure during periods of economic downturn. In
particular markets, such disruption would likely negatively impact these third-party developers and end users, which could harm our business. 

Additionally, technology created by outsourced product development, whether outsourced to third parties or developed externally and transferred to us through business or technology acquisitions have certain additional risks. These
risks including potential difficulties with effective integration into existing products, adequate transfer of technology know-how and ownership and protection of transferred intellectual property. 

23 

Table of Contents

As a result of our strategy of partnering with other companies for product development, our product
delivery schedules could be adversely affected if we experience difficulties with our product development partners. 

We partner with
certain independent firms and contractors to perform some of our product development activities. We believe our partnering strategy allows us to, among other things, achieve efficiencies in developing new products and maintaining and enhancing
existing product offerings. Our partnering strategy creates a dependency on such independent developers. Independent developers, including those who currently develop products for us in the United States and throughout the world, may not be able or
willing to provide development support to us in the future. In addition, use of development resources through consulting relationships, particularly in non-US jurisdictions with developing legal systems, may be adversely impacted by, and expose us
to risks relating to, evolving employment, export and intellectual property laws. These risks could, among other things, expose our intellectual property to misappropriation and result in disruptions to product delivery schedules. 

Our business would be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel. 

Our success depends largely on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, managerial, sales and marketing personnel. Competition for
these personnel is intense. The loss of services of any of our key personnel, the inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the future, or delays in hiring required personnel, particularly engineering and sales personnel, could make it
difficult to meet key objectives, such as timely and effective product introductions. 

If we are not able to adequately protect our
proprietary rights, our business could be harmed. 

We rely on a combination of patents, copyright and trademark laws, trade secrets,
confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary rights. Despite such efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties from time to time have copied aspects of our software products or have obtained and
used information that we regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our software products is time-consuming and costly. While we have recovered some revenue resulting from the unauthorized use of our software products, we are unable to
measure the extent to which piracy of our software products exists, and software piracy can be expected to be a persistent problem. Furthermore, our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate, and our competitors may
independently develop similar technology.