We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a number of risks, many
of which are beyond our control. The following discussion highlights some of these risks and the possible impact of these factors on future results of operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or
results of operations may be adversely impacted, causing the trading price of our common stock to decline. 

Because we derive a
substantial portion of our net revenues from AutoCAD-based software products, if these products are not successful, our net revenues will be adversely affected. 

We derive a substantial portion of our net revenues from sales of AutoCAD software, including products based on AutoCAD that serve specific vertical markets, upgrades to those products and products that are
interoperable with AutoCAD. As such, any factor adversely affecting sales of these products, including the product release cycle, market acceptance, product competition, performance and reliability, reputation, price competition, economic and market
conditions and the availability of third-party applications, would likely harm our operating results. 

In the Media and Entertainment
Segment, our customers’ buying patterns are heavily influenced by advertising and entertainment industry cycles, which have resulted in and could have a negative impact on our operating results. In addition, a significant percentage of the
Media and Entertainment Segment’s Advanced Systems products rely primarily on workstations manufactured by Silicon Graphics, Inc. (“SGI”). On September 15, 2005, SGI received an opinion from their independent registered public
accounting firm that the financial condition of SGI raised substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, SGI is currently reviewing its strategic options and changing the management team and refocusing its
business. SGI has recently announced its intention to cease development of new products for the media and entertainment industry. Although we have reduced our dependence on SGI workstations for the Advanced Systems products and will continue to do
so in the future, the near term failure of SGI to deliver products or product upgrades in a timely manner would likely result in an adverse effect upon our financial results for a given period. 

Changes in existing financial accounting standards or practices or taxation rules or practices may adversely affect our results of operations.

Changes in existing accounting or taxation rules or practices, new accounting pronouncements or taxation rules, or varying
interpretations of current accounting pronouncements or taxation practice could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations or the manner in which we conduct our business. Further, such changes could potentially affect our
reporting of transactions completed before such changes are effective. In particular, the FASB issued SFAS 123R which will require us to record stock-based compensation charges to earnings for employee stock option grants commencing in the first
quarter of fiscal 2007, using a fair-value-based method for determining such charges. We believe that the adoption of SFAS 123R will materially adversely impact our earnings and may impact the manner in which we conduct our business. 

12 

Table of Contents

Our international operations expose us to significant regulatory, intellectual property, collections,
exchange fluctuations, taxation and other risks, which could adversely impact our future net revenues and increase our net expenses. 

We
anticipate that international operations will continue to account for a significant portion of our net revenues and will provide significant support to our overall development efforts. Risks inherent in our international operations include the
following: the impact of fluctuating exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies in markets where we do business, unexpected changes in regulatory practices and tariffs, difficulties in staffing and managing foreign sales and
development operations, longer collection cycles for accounts receivable, potential changes in tax laws, tax arrangements with foreign governments and laws regarding the management of data, possible future limitations upon foreign owned business,
and greater difficulty in protecting intellectual property. 

Our international results will also continue to be impacted by economic and
political conditions in foreign markets generally and in specific large foreign markets, especially by changes in foreign exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies. These factors may adversely impact our future international
operations and consequently our business as a whole. 

Our risk management strategy uses derivative financial instruments in the form of
foreign currency forward and option contracts, for the purpose of hedging foreign currency market exposures, during each quarter, which exist as a part of our ongoing business operations. These instruments provide us some protection against currency
exposures for only the current quarter. Significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currency markets may adversely impact our future net revenues. 

While we believe we currently have adequate internal control over financial reporting, we are required to evaluate our internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and any adverse results from such evaluation could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Section 404”), we are required to furnish a report by our management on our
internal control over financial reporting. The report contains, among other matters, an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year, including a statement as to whether or not our
internal control over financial reporting is effective. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting identified by management. Such report must also contain a statement that our
independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on management’s assessment of such internal controls. 

While we have determined in our Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2006, we must
continue to monitor and assess our internal control over financial reporting. If our management identifies one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and such weakness remains uncorrected at fiscal year end, we
will be unable to assert such internal control is effective at fiscal year end. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective at fiscal year end (or if our independent registered public accounting firm is
unable to attest that our management’s report is fairly stated or they are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls), we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports,
which would likely have an adverse effect on our business and stock price. 

Our business could suffer as a result of risks associated
with strategic acquisitions and investments such as the acquisition of Alias. 

We periodically acquire or invest in businesses, software
products and technologies that are complementary to our business through strategic alliances, equity investments or acquisitions. For example, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006, we completed the acquisition of Alias Systems Holdings, Inc. The
risks associated with such acquisitions include, among others, the difficulty of assimilating the products, operations and personnel of the companies, the failure to realize anticipated revenue and cost projections, the requirement to test and
assimilate the internal control processes of the acquired business in accordance with the requirements of Section 404, and the diversion of management’s time and attention. In addition, such investments and acquisitions, may involve
significant transaction or integration-related costs. We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such investments and acquisitions may negatively impact our business. In addition, such investments and acquisitions have in the past and
may in the future contribute to potential fluctuations in quarterly results of operations. The fluctuations could arise from transaction-related costs and charges associated with eliminating redundant 

13 

Table of Contents

expenses or write-offs of impaired assets recorded in connection with acquisitions. These costs or charges, including those relating to the Alias
acquisition, could negatively impact results of operations for a given period or cause quarter to quarter variability in our operating results. 

Our operating results fluctuate within each quarter and from quarter to quarter making our future revenues and operating results difficult to predict. 

Our quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the past and may do so in the future. These fluctuations could cause our stock price to change significantly or experience declines. Some of the factors that could
cause our operating results to fluctuate include the timing of the introduction of new products by us or our competitors, slowing of momentum in upgrade or maintenance revenue, the adoption of the new accounting pronouncement, SFAS 123R, that will
require us to record compensation expense for shares issued under our stock plans beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2007 with a negative impact on our results of operations, continued fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates, failure to
achieve anticipated levels of customer acceptance of key new applications, unexpected costs or changes in marketing or other operating expenses, changes in product pricing or product mix, platform changes, delays in product releases, timing of
product releases and retirements, failure to continue momentum of annual release cycles or to move a significant number of customers from prior product versions in connection with our retirement programs, failure to achieve continued cost reductions
and productivity increases, failure to convert our 2D customer base to 3D products, unanticipated changes in tax rates and tax laws, unexpected outcomes of matters relating to litigation, distribution channel management, changes in sales
compensation practices, the timing of large systems sales, failure to effectively implement our copyright legalization programs, especially in developing countries, failure to successfully integrate Alias and other acquired businesses and
technologies, failure to achieve sufficient sell-through in our channels for new or existing products, the financial and business condition of our reseller and distribution channels, renegotiation or termination of royalty or intellectual property
arrangements, interruptions or terminations in the business of our consultants or third party developers, failure to grow lifecycle management or collaboration products, unanticipated impact of accounting for technology acquisitions and general
economic conditions, particularly in countries where we derive a significant portion of our net revenues. 

We have also experienced
fluctuations in operating results in interim periods in certain geographic regions due to seasonality or regional economic conditions. In particular, our operating results in Europe during the third quarter are usually affected by a slow summer
period, and the Asia/Pacific operations typically experience seasonal slowing in the third and fourth quarters. 

Our operating expenses are
based in part on our expectations for future revenues and are relatively fixed in the short term. Accordingly, any revenue shortfall below expectations could have an immediate and significant adverse effect on our profitability. Failure to maintain
rigorous cost controls would negatively affect future profitability. Further, gross margins may be adversely affected if our sales of AutoCAD LT, upgrades and advanced systems products, which historically have had lower margins, grow at a faster
rate than sales of our higher-margin products. 

Existing and increased competition may reduce our net revenues and profits.

The software industry has limited barriers to entry, and the availability of desktop computers with continually expanding performance
at progressively lower prices contributes to the ease of market entry. The markets in which we compete are characterized by vigorous competition, both by entry of competitors with innovative technologies and by consolidation of companies with
complementary products and technologies. In addition, some of our competitors in certain markets have greater financial, technical, sales and marketing and other resources. Furthermore, a reduction in the number and availability of compatible
third-party applications may adversely affect the sale of our products. Because of these and other factors, competitive conditions in the industry are likely to intensify in the future. Increased competition could result in continued price
reductions, reduced net revenues and profit margins and loss of market share, any of which would likely harm our business. 

We believe that
our future results depend largely upon our ability to offer products that compete favorably with respect to reliability, performance, ease of use, range of useful features, continuing product enhancements, reputation and price. 

Net revenues or earnings shortfalls or the volatility of the market generally may cause the market price of our stock to decline. 

During fiscal 2006, the market price for our common stock experienced significant fluctuations and may continue to fluctuate significantly. The market
price for our common stock may be affected by a number of factors, including the following: net revenues or earnings shortfalls, unexpected deviations in results of key performance metrics, and changes in estimates or recommendations by securities
analysts; the announcement of new products or product enhancements by our competitors; quarterly variations in our or our competitors’ results of operations; developments in our industry; unusual events such as significant acquisitions,
divestitures and litigation; and general market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors. 

14 

Table of Contents

Historically, after periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, a company
becomes more susceptible to securities class action litigation. This type of litigation is often expensive and diverts management’s attention and resources. 

Our efforts to develop and introduce new products and service offerings expose us to risks such as limited customer acceptance, costs related to product defects and large expenditures that may not result in
additional net revenues. 

Rapid technological change, as well as changes in customer requirements and preferences, characterize the
software industry. We are devoting significant resources to the development of technologies, like our lifecycle management initiatives, and service offerings to address demands in the marketplace for increased connectivity and use of digital data
created by computer-aided design software. As a result, we are introducing to new business models, requiring a considerable investment of technical and financial resources. Such investments may not result in sufficient revenue generation to justify
their costs, or competitors may introduce new products and services that achieve acceptance among our current customers, adversely affecting our competitive position. In particular, a critical component of our growth strategy is to convert our 2D
customer base, including customers of AutoCAD, AutoCAD LT, and related vertical industry products, to our 3D products such as Autodesk Inventor Series or Autodesk Revit. Should sales of AutoCAD, AutoCAD upgrades and AutoCAD LT products decrease
without a corresponding conversion of customer seats to 3D products, our results of operations will be adversely affected. 

Product
development may also be outsourced to third-parties or developed externally and transferred to us through business or technology acquisitions. Such externally developed technologies have certain additional risks, including potential difficulties
with effective integration into existing products, adequate transfer of technology know-how and ownership and protection of transferred intellectual property. 

Additionally, the software products we offer are complex, and despite extensive testing and quality control, may contain errors or defects. These defects or errors could result in the need for corrective releases to
our software products, damage to our reputation, loss of revenues, an increase in product returns or lack of market acceptance of our products, any of which would likely harm our business. 

We rely on third party technologies and if we are unable to use or integrate these technologies, our product and service development may be delayed.

We rely on certain software that we license from third parties, including software that is integrated with internally developed
software and used in our products to perform key functions. These third-party software licenses may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, and the software may not be appropriately supported, maintained or enhanced by the
licensors. The loss of licenses to, or inability to support, maintain and enhance any such software could result in increased costs, or in delays or reductions in product shipments until equivalent software could be developed, identified, licensed
and integrated, which would likely harm our business. 

In addition, in the Media and Entertainment Segment we have historically relied on
third-party vendors for the supply of hardware components used in our systems. Many of the systems sold to our Media and Entertainment customers include software products that currently run on workstations manufactured by SGI. There are significant
risks associated with this dependence on SGI, given SGI’s financial stability and potential changes to its future product development plans, which SGI has announced will include curtailing development of next generation workstations targeted at
our markets. SGI has also recently announced its intentions to cease development of new products for the media and entertainment industry. To mitigate against this risk, among other things, we offer a range of Media and Entertainment Segment
products for use on standard, open, PC-based Linux platforms. Our customers may now choose to adopt our products using these alternative platforms, or may delay purchases while evaluating the new platforms, which could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations in a given period. 

Disruptions with licensing relationships and third party developers could adversely
impact our business. 

We license certain key technologies from third parties. Licenses may be restricted in the term or the use of such
technology in ways that negatively affect our business. Similarly, we may not be able to obtain or renew license agreements for key technology on favorable terms, if at all, and any failure to do so could harm our business. 

Our business strategy has historically depended in part on our relationships with third-party developers, who provide products that expand the
functionality of our design software. Some developers may elect to support other products or may 

15 

Table of Contents

experience disruption in product development and delivery cycles or financial pressure during periods of economic downturn. In particular markets, this
disruption would likely negatively impact these third-party developers and end users, which could harm our business. 

As a result of our
strategy of partnering with other companies for product development our product delivery schedules could be adversely affected if we experience difficulties with our product development partners. 

We partner with certain independent firms and contractors to perform some of our product development activities. We believe our partnering strategy allows
us to, among other things, achieve efficiencies in developing new products and maintaining and enhancing existing product offerings. 

However, our partnering strategy creates a dependency on such independent developers. Independent developers, including those who currently develop products for us in the United States and throughout the world, may not be able or willing to
provide development support to us in the future. In addition, use of development resources through consulting relationships, particularly in non-US jurisdictions with developing legal systems, may be adversely impacted by, and expose us to risks
relating to, evolving employment, export and intellectual property laws. These risks could, among other things, expose our intellectual property to misappropriation and result in disruptions to product delivery schedules. 

General economic conditions may affect our net revenues and harm our business. 

As our business has grown, we have become increasingly subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in domestic and global economic and political
conditions. If economic growth in the United States and other countries’ economies is slowed, many customers may delay or reduce technology purchases. This could result in reductions in sales of our products, longer sales cycles, slower
adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. In addition, weakness in the end-user market could negatively affect the cash flow of our distributors and resellers who could, in turn, delay paying their obligations to us, which would
increase our credit risk exposure and cause delays in our recognition of revenues on future sales to these customers. Any of these events would likely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If we do not maintain our relationships with the members of our distribution channel, or achieve anticipated levels of sell-through, our ability to
generate net revenues will be adversely affected. 

We sell our software products both directly to customers and through a network of
distributors and resellers. Our ability to effectively distribute our products depends in part upon the financial and business condition of our reseller network. Computer software dealers and distributors are typically not highly capitalized and
have previously experienced difficulties during times of economic contraction and may do so in the future. While we have processes to ensure that we assess the creditworthiness of dealers and distributors prior to our sales to them, if their
financial condition were to deteriorate, they might not be able to make repeat purchases. We rely significantly upon major distributors and resellers in both the U.S. and international regions, including Tech Data Corporation and their affiliates,
who accounted for 11% of fiscal 2006 net revenues. The loss of or a significant reduction in business with those distributors or resellers or the failure to achieve anticipated levels of sell-through with any one of our major international
distributors or large resellers could harm our business. In particular, if one or more of such resellers were unable to meet their obligations with respect to accounts payable to us, we could be forced to write-off such accounts and may be required
to delay the recognition of revenues on future sales to these customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in a given period. 

Product returns could exceed our estimates and harm our net revenues. 

With the exception of
contracts with some distributors, our sales contracts do not contain specific product-return privileges. However, we permit our distributors and resellers to return products in certain instances. For example, we generally allow our distributors and
resellers to return older versions of products which have been superceded by new product releases. We anticipate that product returns will continue to be affected by product update cycles, new product releases and software quality. 

We establish reserves for stock balancing and product rotation. These reserves are based on historical experience, estimated channel inventory levels and
the timing of new product introductions and other factors. While we maintain strict measures to monitor these reserves, actual product returns may exceed our reserve estimates, and such differences could harm our business. 

If we are not able to adequately protect our proprietary rights, our business could be harmed. 

We rely on a combination of patents, copyright and trademark laws, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our
proprietary rights. Despite such efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties from time to time have copied aspects of our software products or have obtained and used information that we regard 

16 

Table of Contents

as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our software products is time-consuming and costly. While we have recovered some revenues resulting from the
unauthorized use of our software products, we are unable to measure the extent to which piracy of our software products exists, and software piracy can be expected to be a persistent problem. Furthermore, our means of protecting our proprietary
rights may not be adequate, and our competitors may independently develop similar technology. 

We may face intellectual property
infringement claims that could be costly to defend and result in our loss of significant rights. 

As more and more software patents are
granted worldwide, as the number of products and competitors in our industry segments grows and as the functionality of products in different industry segments overlap, we expect that software product developers will be increasingly subject to
infringement claims. Infringement or misappropriation claims have in the past been, and may in the future be, asserted against us, and any such assertions could harm our business. Additionally, certain patent holders have become more aggressive in
threatening litigation in attempts to obtain fees for licensing the right to use patents. Any such claims or threats, whether with or without merit, have in the past and could in the future be time-consuming to defend, result in costly litigation
and diversion of resources, or could cause product shipment delays or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. In addition, such royalty or license agreements, if required, may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all, which
would likely harm our business.