We operate
in a rapidly changing environment that involves significant risks, a number of which are beyond our control. In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, the following discussion highlights some of these risks and the possible
impact of these factors on our business, financial condition and future results of operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted, causing the trading
price of our common stock to decline. In addition, these risks and uncertainties may impact the “forward-looking” statements described elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in the documents incorporated herein by reference. They could
affect our actual results of operations, causing them to differ materially from those expressed in “forward-looking” statements. 

If global economic conditions do not improve or further deteriorate, our financial results may be further harmed. 

As our business has expanded globally, we have increasingly become subject to risks arising from adverse changes in domestic and global economic and political conditions. Global economic conditions have
deteriorated over the past several quarters and it is not yet clear whether a sustainable recovery is currently taking place. This has led to our customers deferring, reducing or cancelling purchases in response to tighter credit, negative financial
news and weaker financial performance of their businesses. Over the past several quarters, many of our customers have reduced their work forces, thereby reducing the number of licenses and the number of maintenance contracts they purchase from us.
These factors have negatively impacted our business and our financial results. 

These actions have negatively impacted and may
continue to negatively impact our business, financial results and financial condition. In addition, the negative effect these factors have had on our cash flows has caused us to restructure our business and in turn incur restructuring charges as
well as take impairment charges on some of our long-term assets, and may cause us to take additional restructuring actions and charges in the future. 

If global economic conditions further deteriorate, or our customers continue to struggle under these pressures, our customers may further delay, reduce or cancel their technology purchases. This could
result in further reductions in sales of our products, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. If global economic conditions do not improve, or our customers’ businesses do not improve, our
customers may further delay, reduce or cancel their technology purchases. This could result in stagnation of our sales and our revenue. 

In addition, continued weakness in the end-user market could further negatively affect the cash flow of our distributors and resellers who could, in turn, delay paying their obligations to us. This would
in turn increase our credit risk exposure and cause delays in our recognition of revenue on future sales to these customers. 

A significant portion of our revenue is generated through maintenance revenue; decreases in maintenance attach or renewal rates, or a decrease in the number of new licenses we sell negatively impacts our future revenue and operating
results. 

Our maintenance customers have no obligation to attach maintenance to their initial license or renew their
maintenance contract after the expiration of their initial maintenance period, which is typically one year. Our customers’ attach and renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors. If our customers do not attach
maintenance to their initial license or renew their maintenance contract for our products, our maintenance revenue will decline, and our business will suffer. In addition, a portion of the growth of our maintenance revenue has typically been
associated with growth of the number of licenses that we sell. Any reduction in the number of licenses that we sell, even if our customers’ attach rates do not change, will have a negative impact on our future maintenance revenue. This in turn
would impact our business and harm our financial results. Over the past several quarters, we have experienced a reduction in the number of licenses and maintenance contracts sold as a result of increased unemployment. This in turn, has negatively
impacted our business and our financial results. 

14 

Table of Contents

The growth in billings for maintenance contracts began to slow in the second quarter of
fiscal 2009, and maintenance billings declined year over year in the twelve months ended January 31, 2010. We recognize the revenue ratably over the life of the maintenance contracts, which is predominantly one year, but may also be two or
three year terms. This year-over-year decrease in maintenance billings will cause downward pressure on future maintenance revenue, however future maintenance revenue will also be impacted by other factors such as the amount, timing and mix of
contract terms of future billings. 

Our operating results fluctuate within each quarter and from quarter to quarter making
our future revenue and operating results difficult to predict. 

Our quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the past
and may do so in the future. These fluctuations could cause our stock price to change significantly or experience declines. In addition to the other factors described in this Part I, Item 1A, some of the factors that could cause our operating
results to fluctuate include: 

•

 general market, economic and business conditions, 

•

 lower growth or contraction of our upgrade or maintenance programs, 

•

 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, 

•

 the impact of sales in particular geographies, including emerging economies, 

•

 failure to expand our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products customer base to related vertical design products and model-based design products,

•

 the timing of the introduction of new products by us or our competitors, 

•

 the financial and business condition of our reseller and distribution channels, 

•

 stock-based compensation expense, 

•

 higher unemployment, 

•

 weak or negative growth in the industries we serve including architecture, engineering and construction, manufacturing, geospatial mapping and digital
media and entertainment markets, 

•

 failure to achieve anticipated levels of customer acceptance of key new applications, 

•

 failure to follow sales policies, 

•

 restructuring or other accounting charges, 

•

 unexpected costs or other operating expenses, 

•

 pricing pressure or changes in product pricing or product mix, 

•

 platform changes, 

•

 timing of product releases and retirements, 

•

 failure to continue momentum of frequent release cycles or to move a significant number of customers from prior product versions in connection with our
programs to retire major products, 

•

 failure to accurately predict the impact of acquired businesses or to identify and realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions,

•

 failure to successfully or fully integrate acquired businesses and technologies, 

•

 unexpected or negative outcomes of matters relating to litigation or regulatory inquiries, 

•

 failure to achieve and maintain planned cost reductions and productivity increases, 

•

 unanticipated changes in tax rates and tax laws, 

•

 distribution channel management, 

•

 changes in sales compensation practices, 

15 

Table of Contents

•

 the timing of large sales, 

•

 failure to effectively implement our copyright legalization programs, especially in developing countries, 

•

 failure to achieve sufficient sell-through in our channels for new or existing products, 

•

 renegotiation or termination of royalty or intellectual property arrangements, 

•

 interruptions or terminations in the business of our consultants or third party developers, 

•

 failure to grow lifecycle management or collaboration products, 

•

 the timing and degree of expected investments in growth and efficiency opportunities, 

•

 failure to achieve continued success in technology advancements, and 

•

 unanticipated impact of accounting rules, regulations or interpretations. 

We have also experienced fluctuations in operating results in interim periods in certain geographic regions due to seasonality or regional
economic conditions. In particular, our operating results in Europe during our third quarter are usually affected by a slow summer period, and our Asia Pacific operations typically experience seasonal slowing in our third and fourth quarters.

Our operating expenses are based in part on our expectations for future revenue and are relatively fixed in the short term.
Accordingly, any revenue shortfall below expectations could have an immediate and significant adverse effect on our profitability. Greater than anticipated expenses or a failure to maintain rigorous cost controls would also negatively affect
profitability. Further, gross margins may be adversely affected if our sales of Advanced Systems products, which historically have had lower margins, grow at a faster rate than sales of our higher-margin products. 

Net revenue or earnings shortfalls or the volatility of the market generally may cause the market price of our stock to decline. 

The market price for our common stock has experienced significant fluctuations and may continue to fluctuate significantly.
The market price for our common stock may be affected by a number of factors, including: 

•

 shortfalls in our expected net revenue, earnings or key performance metrics; 

•

 changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; 

•

 the announcement of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; 

•

 quarterly variations in our or our competitors’ results of operations; 

•

 developments in our industry; 

•

 unusual events such as significant acquisitions, divestitures, regulatory actions and litigation; 

•

 changes in laws, rules or regulations applicable to our business; 

•

 general socio-economic, political or market conditions and 

•

 other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance, such as instability affecting the economy or the operating performance of our
competitors. 

For example, current global economic conditions have negatively impacted our financial
performance and in turn the market price of our common stock. 

Significant changes in the price of our common stock could
expose us to additional costly and time-consuming litigation. Historically, after periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, a company becomes more susceptible to securities class action litigation. This type of
litigation is often expensive and diverts management’s attention and resources. 

16 

Table of Contents

The actions that we have taken in response to the global economic slowdown and our
related business slowdown have been costly and may not be as effective as anticipated, and we may be forced to take additional actions to reduce our expenses and stimulate demand for our products. 

We have taken actions to reduce our cost structure to more closely align our costs with our revenue levels. In taking these actions, we are
attempting to balance the cost of such initiatives against the longer term benefit of such initiatives and our overall competitive strategy. In taking these actions, we have incurred additional costs in the short term that have had and may continue
to have the effect of reducing our operating margins. If we do not achieve the proper balance of these cost reduction initiatives, we may eliminate critical elements of our operations, the loss of which could negatively impact our ability to benefit
from an economic recovery. We cannot assure that our cost cutting efforts will achieve appropriate levels of expenses and future economic conditions may require that we take additional actions in the future. 

In addition, we have taken and continue to take actions to stimulate demand for our products through a number of programs. Although we are
attempting to balance the cost of these programs against the longer term benefits, it is possible that we will make such investments without a corresponding increase in demand for our products. This would further reduce our operating margins and
have a negative impact on our financial results. 

If we do not maintain our relationships with the members of our
distribution channel, or achieve anticipated levels of sell-through, our ability to generate revenue will be adversely affected. If our distribution channel suffers financial losses, becomes financially unstable or insolvent, or is not provided the
right mix of incentives to sell our products, our ability to generate revenue will be adversely affected. 

We sell our
software products both directly to end-users and through a network of distributors and resellers. For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2010, approximately 83% of our revenue was derived from indirect channel sales through distributors and
resellers, and we expect that the majority of our revenue will continue to be derived from indirect channel sales in the future. Our ability to effectively distribute our products depends in part upon the financial and business condition of our
distributor and reseller network. Computer software distributors and resellers typically are not highly capitalized, have previously experienced difficulties during times of economic contraction and are experiencing difficulties in the current
economic environment. We have processes to ensure that we assess the creditworthiness of distributors and resellers prior to our sales to them. In the past we have taken steps to support them, and may take additional steps in the future, such as
extending credit terms and providing temporary discounts, which could harm our operating results. If our distributors and resellers were to become insolvent, their inability to maintain their business and sales, as well as to provide customer
support services, would negatively impact our business and revenue. 

We rely significantly upon major distributors and
resellers in both the U.S. and international regions, including distributors Tech Data Corporation and its global affiliates (“Tech Data”). Tech Data accounted for 14% of our consolidated net revenue for each of the fiscal years ended
January 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. 

Over time, we have modified and will continue to modify aspects of our relationship
with our distributors and resellers, such as their incentive programs, pricing to them and our distribution model to motivate and reward them for aligning their businesses with our strategy and business objectives. Changes in these relationships and
underlying programs could negatively impact their business and harm our business. In addition, the loss of or a significant reduction in business with those distributors or resellers or the failure to achieve anticipated levels of sell-through with
any one of our major international distributors or large resellers could harm our business. In particular, if one or more of such distributors or resellers were unable to meet their obligations with respect to accounts payable to us, we could be
forced to write off such accounts and may be required to delay the recognition of revenue on future sales to these customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in a given period. 

17 

Table of Contents

The recent global credit and banking crisis that has occurred over the past several
quarters has negatively affected and may continue to negatively affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 

The recent global financial crisis affecting the banking system and financial markets and other financial institutions has resulted in a tightening in the credit markets, a low level of liquidity in many
financial markets, and extreme volatility in many financial instrument markets. Our business has been impacted by these events and may be further impacted from this global credit and banking crisis by: 

•

 the insolvency of key channel partners impairing our distribution channels; 

•

 counterparty failures negatively impacting our treasury functions, including timely access to our cash reserves and third-party fulfillment of hedging
transactions; 

•

 counterparty failures negatively affecting insured risks; 

•

 increased expense or inability to obtain short-term financing if banks providing our line of credit are unable to lend us money when it is needed for
our operations, and 

•

 decreased borrowing and spending by our end users on small and large projects in the industries we serve, thereby reducing demand for our products.

Because we derive a substantial portion of our net revenue from AutoCAD-based software products, if
these products are not successful, our net revenue will be adversely affected. 

We derive a substantial portion of our net
revenue from sales of licenses of AutoCAD software, including products based on AutoCAD that serve specific vertical markets, upgrades to those products and products that are interoperable with AutoCAD. As such, any factor adversely affecting sales
of these products, including the product release cycle, market acceptance, product competition, performance and reliability, reputation, price competition, economic and market conditions and the availability of third-party applications, would likely
harm our operating results. For example, during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2010, combined revenue from our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products decreased 34% as compared to the same period of the prior fiscal year, harming our operating
results. 

From time to time we are subject to litigation and regulatory inquiries, and we may be named in additional
litigation or become involved in regulatory inquiries in the future, all of which could result in an unfavorable outcome and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price
for our securities. 

From time to time, we are involved in litigation or regulatory inquiries. The number and significance
of these disputes and inquiries have increased as our business has evolved. Any claims or regulatory actions initiated by or against us, whether successful or not, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, damage awards, injunctive
relief, increased costs of business, require us to change our business practices, require significant amounts of management time, result in the diversion of significant operational resources, or otherwise harm our business. 

We are dependent on international revenue and operations, exposing us to significant regulatory, global economic, intellectual property,
collections, currency exchange rate, taxation and other risks, which could adversely impact our financial results. 

We are
dependent on our international operations for a significant portion of our revenue. Our international revenue, including that from emerging economies, is subject to general economic and political conditions in foreign markets, including conditions
in foreign markets resulting from economic and political conditions in the U.S. Our revenue is also impacted by the relative geographical and country mix of our revenue over time. These factors have recently adversely impacted and may in the future
adversely impact our international revenue, and consequently our business as a whole. Further, our dependency on international revenue makes us much more exposed to global economic trends, which can negatively impact our financial results, even if
our results in the U.S. are strong for a particular period. 

18 

Table of Contents

In addition, we anticipate that our international operations will continue to account for a
significant portion of our net revenue, and as we expand our international development, sales and marketing expertise, will provide significant support to our overall efforts in countries outside of the U.S. Risks inherent in our international
operations include fluctuating currency exchange rates, including risks related to any hedging activities we undertake, unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and practices, delays resulting from difficulty in obtaining export licenses for
certain technology, tariffs, quotas and other trade barriers and restrictions, transportation delays, operating in locations with a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices, difficulties in staffing and managing foreign sales
and development operations, longer collection cycles for accounts receivable, potential changes in tax laws, tax arrangements with foreign governments and laws regarding the management of data, possible future limitations upon foreign owned
businesses, increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities, inadequate local infrastructure, greater difficulty in protecting intellectual property, and other factors beyond our control, including terrorism, war, natural
disasters and diseases. 

Existing and increased competition may reduce our net revenue and profits. 

The software industry has limited barriers to entry, and the availability of desktop computers with continually expanding performance at
progressively lower prices contributes to the ease of market entry. The markets in which we compete are characterized by vigorous competition, both by entry of competitors with innovative technologies and by consolidation of companies with
complementary products and technologies. In addition, some of our competitors in certain markets have greater financial, technical, sales and marketing and other resources. Furthermore, a reduction in the number and availability of compatible
third-party applications may adversely affect the sale of our products. Because of these and other factors, competitive conditions in the industry are likely to intensify in the future. Increased competition could result in continued price
reductions, reduced net revenue and profit margins and loss of market share, any of which would likely harm our business. 

We
believe that our future results depend largely upon our ability to offer products that compete favorably with respect to reliability, performance, ease of use, range of useful features, continuing product enhancements, reputation and price.

If we are not able to adequately protect our proprietary rights, our business could be harmed. 

We rely on a combination of patent, copyright and trademark laws, trade secret protections, confidentiality procedures and contractual
provisions to protect our proprietary rights. Despite such efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties from time to time have copied aspects of our software products or have obtained and used information that we regard as
proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our software products is time-consuming and costly. While we have recovered some revenue resulting from the unauthorized use of our software products, we are unable to measure the extent to which piracy of
our software products exists and software piracy can be expected to be a persistent problem. Furthermore, our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate. 

Additionally, we actively protect the secrecy of our confidential information and trade secrets, including our source code. If unauthorized
disclosure of our source code occurs, we could potentially lose future trade secret protection for that source code. The loss of future trade secret protection could make it easier for third-parties to compete with our products by copying
functionality, which could adversely affect our financial performance and our reputation. We also seek to protect our confidential information and trade secrets through the use of non-disclosure agreements with our customers, contractors, vendors,
and partners. However it is possible that our confidential information and trade secrets may be disclosed or published without our authorization. If this were to occur, it may be difficult and/or costly for us to enforce our rights, and our
financial performance and reputation could be negatively impacted. 

19 

Table of Contents

We may face intellectual property infringement claims that could be costly to defend and
result in our loss of significant rights. 

As more software patents are granted worldwide, the number of products and
competitors in our industry segments grow and the functionality of products in different industry segments overlap, we expect that software product developers will be increasingly subject to infringement claims. Infringement or misappropriation
claims have in the past been, and may in the future be, asserted against us, and any such assertions could harm our business. Additionally, certain patent holders without products have become more aggressive in threatening and pursuing litigation in
attempts to obtain fees for licensing the right to use patents. Any such claims or threats, whether with or without merit, have been and could in the future be time-consuming to defend, result in costly litigation and diversion of resources, cause
product shipment delays or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. In addition, such royalty or license agreements, if required, may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all, which would likely harm our business. 

A breach of security in our products or computer systems may compromise the integrity of our products, harm our reputation, create
additional liability and adversely impact our financial results. 

We make significant efforts to maintain the security and
integrity of our product source code and computer systems. There appears to be an increasing number of computer “hackers” developing and deploying a variety of destructive software programs (such as viruses, worms, and the like) that could
attack our products and computer systems. Despite significant efforts to create security barriers to such programs, it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. Like all software products, our software is vulnerable to such
attacks. The impact of such an attack could disrupt the proper functioning of our software products, cause errors in the output of our customers’ work, allow unauthorized access to sensitive, proprietary or confidential information of ours or
our customers and other destructive outcomes. If this were to occur, our reputation may suffer, customers may stop buying our products, we could face lawsuits and potential liability and our financial performance could be negatively impacted.

While we believe we currently have adequate internal control over financial reporting, we are required to evaluate our
internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and any adverse results from such evaluation could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on our
stock price. 

Pursuant to Section 404, we are required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control
over financial reporting. The report contains, among other matters, an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year, including a statement as to whether or not our internal control
over financial reporting is effective. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting identified by management. 

While we have determined in our Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2010, we must continue to monitor and assess our internal control over financial reporting. If our management identifies one or more material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting and such weakness remains uncorrected at fiscal year end, we will be unable to assert such internal control is effective at fiscal year end. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over
financial reporting is effective at fiscal year-end (or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls or concludes that we have a material weakness in our internal
controls), we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which would likely have an adverse effect on our business and stock price. 

20 

Table of Contents

In preparing our financial statements we make certain assumptions, judgments and
estimates that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements, which, if not accurate, may significantly impact our financial results. 

We make assumptions, judgments and estimates for a number of items, including the fair value of goodwill, financial instruments, long-lived assets and other intangible assets, the realizability of
deferred tax assets and the fair value of stock awards. We also make assumptions, judgments and estimates in determining the accruals for employee related liabilities including commissions, bonuses, and sabbaticals; and in determining the accruals
for uncertain tax positions, partner incentive programs, product returns reserves, allowances for doubtful accounts, asset retirement obligations and legal contingencies. These assumptions, judgments and estimates are drawn from historical
experience and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates, and such differences could
significantly impact our financial results. 

Changes in existing financial accounting standards or practices, or taxation
rules or practices may adversely affect our results of operations. 

Changes in existing accounting or taxation rules or
practices, new accounting pronouncements or taxation rules, or varying interpretations of current accounting pronouncements or taxation practice could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations or the manner in which we conduct
our business. Further, such changes could potentially affect our reporting of transactions completed before such changes are effective. For example, in October 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, (“FASB”), issued two new pieces
of authoritative guidance on revenue recognition, changing previous guidance in this technical accounting area. These changes will be effective for us February 1, 2011. We are currently assessing the impact that the adoption of these new
accounting pronouncements will have on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

In
addition, the FASB is currently working on a joint project with the International Accounting Standards Board regarding revenue recognition. The objective of this project is to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue and create a joint revenue
recognition standard for Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the U.S. (“GAAP”) and International Financial Reporting Standards. Although a proposed standard has not yet been issued, it is expected that any proposed standard would
result in changes to the way we recognize and report revenue under GAAP. We are currently unable to estimate the impact that these changes will have on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Furthermore, during the first quarter of fiscal 2010, the State of California enacted legislation significantly altering California tax law.
As a result of the newly enacted legislation, we expect that in fiscal years 2012 and beyond our income subject to tax in California will be less than under prior tax law and accordingly our deferred tax assets are less likely to be realized.

We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results and cash
flows. 

Because we conduct a substantial portion of our business outside the U.S. and we make certain business and resource
decisions based on assumptions about foreign currency, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change, and they could have a
material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. 

We use derivative instruments to manage a portion of our
earnings exposure and cash flow exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. As part of our risk management strategy, we use foreign currency forward and option contracts to manage a portion of our exposures of underlying assets,
liabilities and other obligations, which exist as part of our ongoing business operations. These foreign currency instruments have maturities that extend for one to 12 months in the future, and provide us with some protection against currency
exposures. Our attempts to hedge against these risks may not be successful, resulting in an adverse impact on our financial results. 

21 

Table of Contents

The fluctuations of currencies in which we conduct business can both increase and decrease
our overall revenue and expenses for any given fiscal period. Although we have expanded our foreign currency cash flow hedge program beyond the current quarter to a longer term program in order to reduce foreign currency volatility, we cannot
completely mitigate this risk, and in any case, will incur transaction fees in adopting such hedging programs. Such volatility, even when it increases our revenues or decreases our expenses, impacts our ability to accurately predict our future
results and earnings. 

Our investment portfolio is composed of a variety of investment vehicles in a number of countries
that are subject to interest rate trends, market volatility and other economic factors. If general economic conditions further cause interest rates to decline, credit ratings of our investments to deteriorate, or illiquidity in the financial
marketplace, we may continue to experience a decline in interest income, an inability to sell our investments, or impairment in the value of our investments. 

It is our policy to invest our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities in highly liquid instruments with, and in the custody of, financial institutions with high credit ratings and to limit the
amounts invested with any one institution, type of security and issuer. However, we are subject to general economic conditions, interest rate trends and volatility in the financial marketplace that can affect the income that we receive from our
investments, the net realizable value of our investments (including our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities) and our ability to sell them. In the U.S., for example, the yields on our portfolio securities are very low due to general
economic conditions. Any one of these factors could reduce our interest income, or result in material charges, which in turn could impact our overall net income and earnings per share. 

For example, if we were to experience a loss on any of these investments that loss may cause us to record an other-than-temporary impairment
charge. The effect of this charge could impact our overall net income and earnings per share. In any of these scenarios, our liquidity may be negatively impacted, which in turn may prohibit us from making investments in our business, taking
advantage of opportunities and potentially meeting our financial obligations as they come due. 

Our strategy to develop and
introduce new product and service offerings, including new product features, exposes us to risks such as limited customer acceptance, costs related to product defects and large expenditures that may not result in additional net revenue.

Rapid technological changes, as well as changes in customer requirements and preferences, characterize the software
industry. We devote significant resources to the development of new technologies, such as our vertical design products and our digital prototyping and collaboration products. In addition, we frequently introduce new business models or methods that
require a considerable investment of technical and financial resources. We are making such investments through further development and enhancement of our existing products, as well as through acquisitions of new product lines. Such investments may
not result in sufficient revenue generation to justify their costs, or competitors may introduce new products and services that achieve acceptance among our current customers, adversely affecting our competitive position. 

In particular, a critical component of our growth strategy is to have customers of our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products expand their
portfolios to include our related vertical design products and our model-based design products such as our Autodesk Inventor products, our Autodesk Revit products, our AutoCAD Civil 3D products and our Autodesk Navisworks products. Should sales of
our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products decrease without a corresponding increase in vertical design and model-based design product revenue or without purchases of customer seats to our vertical design products and model-based design products, our
results of operations will be adversely affected. 

Additionally, the software products we offer are complex, and despite
extensive testing and quality control, may contain errors or defects. These errors or defects could result in the need for corrective releases to our software products, damage to our reputation, loss of revenue, an increase in product returns or
lack of market acceptance of our products, any of which would likely harm our business. 

22 

Table of Contents

Further, given the rapid speed of changing customer expectations and advancement of
technology inherent in the software industry, as well as the extensive and complex efforts required to create useful and widely accepted products, our executive management team must act quickly, continuously and with vision. Although we have
articulated a strategy that we believe will fulfill these challenges, if we fail to execute properly on that strategy, adapt that strategy as market conditions evolve, fail to internalize and execute on that strategy, we may fail to meet our
customers’ expectations, fail to compete with our competitors’ products and technology and lose the confidence of our channel partners and employees. This in turn could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

Our business could suffer as a result of risks, costs and charges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments.

We regularly acquire or invest in businesses, software products and technologies that are complementary to our business
through acquisitions, strategic alliances or equity investments. The risks associated with such acquisitions include, among others, the difficulty of assimilating products, operations and personnel, the failure to realize anticipated revenue and
cost projections, the requirement to test and assimilate the internal control processes of the acquired business in accordance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and the diversion of management’s time
and attention. 

In addition, such acquisitions and investments may involve significant transaction or integration-related
costs. We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. In addition, such acquisitions and investments have in the past and may in the future contribute to potential
fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations. These fluctuations could arise from transaction-related costs and charges associated with eliminating redundant expenses or write-offs of impaired assets recorded in connection with acquisitions
and investments. For example, during our first quarter of fiscal 2010, we recorded an impairment charge of $21.0 million related to goodwill associated with an acquisition in our M&E segment. In addition, we recorded an impairment charge of
$128.9 million during our fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, also primarily related to goodwill associated with acquisitions in our M&E segment. We also may need to make further investments to support these acquired companies and may have difficulty
identifying and acquiring appropriate resources. These costs or charges could negatively impact our results of operations for a given period, cause quarter to quarter variability in our operating results or negatively impact our operating results
for several future periods. 

Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel.

Our success depends largely on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, professional, managerial, sales
and marketing personnel. Historically, competition for these key personnel has been intense. The loss of services of any of our key personnel, the inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the future, or delays in hiring required
personnel, particularly engineering and sales personnel, could make it difficult to meet key objectives, such as timely and effective product introductions and financial goals. 

Our operating results could be negatively impacted if our tax positions are successfully challenged by tax authorities. 

We are a U.S.-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate is based
on our expected geographic mix of earnings, statutory rates, intercompany transfer pricing, and enacted tax rules. Significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions on a worldwide basis. We
believe our tax positions, including intercompany transfer pricing policies, are consistent with the tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. It is possible that these positions may be challenged by jurisdictional tax
authorities and may have a significant impact on our effective tax rate. 

23 

Table of Contents

We rely on third party technologies and if we are unable to use or integrate these
technologies, our product and service development may be delayed and our operating results negatively impacted. 

We rely on
certain software that we license from third parties, including software that is integrated with internally developed software and used in our products to perform key functions. These third-party software licenses may not continue to be available on
commercially reasonable terms, and the software may not be appropriately supported, maintained or enhanced by the licensors. The loss of licenses to, or inability to support, maintain and enhance any such software could result in increased costs, or
in delays or reductions in product shipments until equivalent software can be developed, identified, licensed and integrated, which would likely harm our business. 

Disruptions with licensing relationships and third party developers could adversely impact our business. 

We license certain key technologies from third parties. Licenses may be restricted in the term or the use of such technology in ways that negatively affect our business. Similarly, we may not be able to
obtain or renew license agreements for key technology on favorable terms, if at all, and any failure to do so could harm our business. 

Our business strategy has historically depended in part on our relationships with third-party developers who provide products that expand the functionality of our design software. Some developers may elect to support other products or may
experience disruption in product development and delivery cycles or financial pressure during periods of economic downturn. In particular markets, such disruption have in the past, and would likely in the future, negatively impact these third-party
developers and end users, which could harm our business. 

Additionally, technology created by outsourced product development,
whether outsourced to third parties or developed externally and transferred to us through business or technology acquisitions, have certain additional risks such as effective integration into existing products, adequate transfer of technology
know-how and ownership and protection of transferred intellectual property. 

As a result of our strategy of partnering with
other companies for product development, our product delivery schedules could be adversely affected if we experience difficulties with our product development partners. 

We partner with certain independent firms and contractors to perform some of our product development activities. We believe our partnering
strategy allows us to, among other things, achieve efficiencies in developing new products and maintaining and enhancing existing product offerings. Our partnering strategy creates a dependency on such independent developers. Independent developers,
including those who currently develop products for us in the U.S. and throughout the world, may not be able or willing to provide development support to us in the future. In addition, use of development resources through consulting relationships,
particularly in non-U.S. jurisdictions with developing legal systems, may be adversely impacted by, and expose us to risks relating to, evolving employment, export and intellectual property laws. These risks could, among other things, expose our
intellectual property to misappropriation and result in disruptions to product delivery schedules. 

We rely on
third-parties to provide us with a number of operational services, including hosting and delivery, certain of our customer services operations as well as some of our operations; any interruption or delay in service from these third parties, breaches
of security or privacy, or failures in data collection could expose us to liability, harm our reputation and adversely impact our financial performance. 

We rely on hosted computer services from third parties for services that we provide our customers and computer operations for our internal use. As we gather customer data and host certain customer data in
third-party facilities, a security breach could compromise the integrity or availability of customer data. In addition, our operations could be negatively affected in the event of a security breach, and we could be subject to the loss or theft of
confidential or proprietary information, including source code. Unauthorized access to this data may be obtained through break-ins, breach of our secure network by an unauthorized party, employee theft or misuse, or other misconduct. 

24 

Table of Contents

We rely on a number of third party suppliers in the operation of our business for the
provision of various services and materials that we use in the operation of our business and production of our products. Although we seek to diversify our third party suppliers, we may from time to time rely on a single or limited number of
suppliers, or upon suppliers in a single country, for these services or materials. The inability of such third parties to satisfy our requirements could disrupt our business operations or make it more difficult for us to implement our business
strategy. If any of these situations were to occur, our reputation could be harmed, we could be subject to third party liability, including under data protection and privacy laws in certain jurisdictions, and our financial performance could be
negatively impacted. 

We regularly invest resources to update and improve our internal information technology
systems. Should our investments not succeed, or if delays or other issues with new or existing internal technology systems disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed. 

We rely on our network and data center infrastructure, internal technology systems and our websites for our development, marketing,
operational, support, sales, accounting and financial reporting activities. We are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments in order to meet the growing requirements of our business and customers.
Such improvements are often complex, costly and time consuming. In addition, such improvements can be challenging to integrate with our existing technology systems, or uncover problems with our existing technology systems. Unsuccessful
implementation of hardware or software updates and improvements could result in disruption in our business operations, loss of revenue, errors in our accounting and financial reporting or damage to our reputation.