We operate in a rapidly changing
environment that involves a number of risks, many of which are beyond our control. The following discussion highlights some of these risks and the possible impact of these factors on future results of operations. If any of the following risks
actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted, causing the trading price of our common stock to decline. 

As a result of our voluntary review of stock option practices and related restatements, the SEC has initiated an informal investigation. This investigation may not be resolved favorably and has required and may
continue to require a significant amount of management time and attention and accounting and legal resources, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and cash flows. 

We are currently being investigated by the SEC in connection with our historical stock option practices and related accounting. The period of time
necessary to resolve the informal SEC investigation is uncertain, and this matter could require significant management and financial resources which could otherwise be devoted to the operation of our business. In addition, considerable legal, tax
and accounting expenses related to this matter have been incurred to date and significant expenditures may continue to be incurred in the future. We cannot predict the outcome of the SEC investigation. If we or any of our current or former officers
or directors is subject to an adverse finding resulting from the SEC investigation, we could be required to pay damages or penalties or have other remedies imposed upon us which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial
position, cash flows and the trading price of our securities. In addition, if the informal investigation continues for a prolonged period of time, this could have the same effects, regardless of the outcome of the investigation. 

We have been named as a party in lawsuits related to our historical stock option practices and related accounting, and we may be named in additional
litigation in the future, all of which could result in an unfavorable outcome and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price for our securities. 

At least three lawsuits have been filed against us and our current directors and officers and certain of our former directors and officers relating to our
historical stock option practices and related accounting. See Item 3, “Legal Proceedings” for a more detailed description of these proceedings. These actions are in the preliminary stages, and the ultimate outcomes could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price for our securities. We may become the subject of additional private or government actions regarding these matters in the future,
including shareholder or employee litigation. Litigation may be time-consuming, expensive and disruptive to normal business operations, and the outcome of litigation is difficult to predict. The defense of these lawsuits will result in significant
expenditures and the continued diversion of our management’s time and attention from the operation of our business, which could impede our business. All or a portion of any amount we may be required to pay to satisfy a judgment or settlement of
any or all of these claims may not be covered by insurance. 

If we do not maintain compliance with the listing requirements of the
NASDAQ Global Select Market, our common stock could be delisted, which could, among other things, reduce the price of our common stock and the levels of liquidity available to our stockholders. 

In connection with the voluntary review and the restatement of our financial statements, we were delinquent in filing certain of our periodic filings with
the SEC, and consequently we were not in compliance with the listing requirements under the NASDAQ Global Select Market’s Marketplace Rules. As a result, we underwent an extensive review and hearing process with the NASDAQ Global Select Market
to determine our listing status. The NASDAQ Global Select Market ultimately permitted our securities to remain listed; however, our securities could be delisted in the future if we do not maintain compliance with applicable listing requirements. If
our securities are delisted from the NASDAQ Global Select Market, they would subsequently be transferred to the National Quotation Service Bureau, or “Pink Sheets.” The trading of our common stock on the Pink Sheets may 

17

Table of Contents

reduce the price of our common stock and the levels of liquidity available to our stockholders. In addition, the trading of our common stock on the Pink
Sheets would materially adversely affect our access to the capital markets and our ability to raise capital through alternative financing sources on terms acceptable to us or at all. Securities that trade on the Pink Sheets are no longer eligible
for margin loans, and a company trading on the Pink Sheets cannot avail itself of Federal preemption of state securities or “blue sky” laws, which adds substantial compliance costs to securities issuances, including pursuant to employee
option plans, stock purchase plans and private or public offerings of securities. If we are delisted in the future from the NASDAQ Global Select Market and transferred to the Pink Sheets, there may also be other negative implications, including the
potential loss of confidence by suppliers, customers and employees and the loss of institutional investor interest in our company. 

Because we derive a substantial portion of our net revenues from AutoCAD-based software products, if these products are not successful, our net revenues will be adversely affected. 

We derive a substantial portion of our net revenues from sales of AutoCAD software, including products based on AutoCAD that serve specific vertical
markets, upgrades to those products and products that are interoperable with AutoCAD. As such, any factor adversely affecting sales of these products, including the product release cycle, market acceptance, product competition, performance and
reliability, reputation, price competition, economic and market conditions and the availability of third-party applications, would likely harm our operating results. 

Changes in existing financial accounting standards or practices, or taxation rules or practices may adversely affect our results of operations. 

Changes in existing accounting or taxation rules or practices, new accounting pronouncements or taxation rules, or varying interpretations of current
accounting pronouncements or taxation practice could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations or the manner in which we conduct our business. Further, such changes could potentially affect our reporting of transactions
completed before such changes are effective. In particular, for fiscal 2007, we adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R (“SFAS 123R”) which requires us to record stock-based compensation charges to earnings for
employee stock option grants using a fair-value-based method for determining such charges. We believe that the adoption of SFAS 123R will continue to materially adversely impact our earnings and may impact the manner in which we conduct our
business. 

Our international operations expose us to significant regulatory, intellectual property, collections, exchange fluctuations,
taxation and other risks, which could adversely impact our future net revenues and increase our net expenses. 

We anticipate that
international operations will continue to account for a significant portion of our net revenues and will provide significant support to our overall development efforts. Risks inherent in our international operations include the following: the impact
of fluctuating exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies in markets where we do business, unexpected changes in regulatory practices and tariffs, difficulties in staffing and managing foreign sales and development operations,
longer collection cycles for accounts receivable, potential changes in tax laws, tax arrangements with foreign governments and laws regarding the management of data, possible future limitations upon foreign owned businesses, and greater difficulty
in protecting intellectual property. 

Our international results will also continue to be impacted by economic and political conditions in
foreign markets generally and in specific large foreign markets, especially by changes in foreign exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies. These factors may adversely impact our future international operations and consequently
our business as a whole. 

Our risk management strategy uses derivative financial instruments, in the form of foreign currency forward and
option contracts, for the purpose of hedging foreign currency market exposures during each quarter which 

18

Table of Contents

exist as a part of our ongoing business operations. These instruments provide us some protection against currency exposures for only the current quarter.
Significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currency markets may adversely impact our future net revenues. 

While we believe we currently have adequate internal control over financial reporting, we are required to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and any adverse
results from such evaluation could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Section 404”), we are required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting. The report contains,
among other matters, an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year, including a statement as to whether or not our internal control over financial reporting is effective. This
assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting identified by management. The report must also contain a statement that our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an
attestation report on management’s assessment of such internal controls. 

While we have determined in our Management Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2007, we must continue to monitor and assess our internal control over
financial reporting. If our management identifies one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and such weakness remains uncorrected at fiscal year end, we will be unable to assert such internal control is
effective at fiscal year end. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective at fiscal year end (or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to attest that our management’s
report is fairly stated or they are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls), we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which would likely have an adverse effect
on our business and stock price. 

As a result of the voluntary review of Autodesk’s historical stock option grant practices, our
management identified a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting in periods ending prior to March 2005. For the period between July 2000 and February 2005, Autodesk generally followed an administrative process for monthly
broad based employee grants that resulted in the selection of effective grant dates that were prior in time to the final preparation of action by written consent for such grants. Since March 2005, we have implemented a number of changes that will
resolve past measurement date errors and deter them from happening in the future. 

We may face intellectual property infringement claims
that could be costly to defend and result in our loss of significant rights. 

As more and more software patents are granted worldwide,
as the number of products and competitors in our industry segments grows and as the functionality of products in different industry segments overlaps, we expect that software product developers will be increasingly subject to infringement claims.
Infringement or misappropriation claims have in the past been, and may in the future be, asserted against us, and any such assertions could harm our business. Additionally, certain patent holders without products, like z4 Technologies, have become
more aggressive in threatening and pursuing litigation in attempts to obtain fees for licensing the right to use patents. Any such claims or threats, whether with or without merit, have been and could in the future be time-consuming to defend,
result in costly litigation and diversion of resources, or could cause product shipment delays or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. In addition, such royalty or license agreements, if required, may not be available on
acceptable terms, if at all, which would likely harm our business. 

19

Table of Contents

Our business could suffer as a result of risks associated with strategic acquisitions and investments
such as the acquisitions of Alias and Constructware and investment in Hanna Strategies. 

We periodically acquire or invest in
businesses, software products and technologies that are complementary to our business through strategic alliances, equity investments or acquisitions. For example, we recently completed the acquisitions of Alias Systems Holdings, Inc. and
Constructware and acquired a 28% ownership in Hanna Strategies. The risks associated with such acquisitions include, among others, the difficulty of assimilating the products, operations and personnel of the companies, the failure to realize
anticipated revenue and cost projections, the requirement to test and assimilate the internal control processes of the acquired business in accordance with the requirements of Section 404, and the diversion of management’s time and
attention. In addition, such investments and acquisitions may involve significant transaction or integration-related costs. We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such investments and acquisitions may negatively impact our business.
In addition, such investments and acquisitions have in the past and may in the future contribute to potential fluctuations in quarterly results of operations. The fluctuations could arise from transaction-related costs and charges associated with
eliminating redundant expenses or write-offs of impaired assets recorded in connection with acquisitions and investments. These costs or charges, including those relating to the Alias or Constructware acquisitions or investment in Hanna Strategies,
could negatively impact results of operations for a given period or cause quarter to quarter variability in our operating results. 

If
Silicon Graphics, Inc. (SGI), which recently emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, fails to deliver products, provide product upgrades or provide product support, the business relating to our Advanced Systems products of our Media and
Entertainment Segment will be adversely affected. 

In the Media and Entertainment Segment, our customers’ buying patterns are
heavily influenced by advertising and entertainment industry cycles, which have resulted in and could have a negative impact on our operating results. In addition, a reducing but significant percentage of the Media and Entertainment Segment’s
Advanced Systems products rely primarily on workstations manufactured by SGI. On May 8, 2006, SGI announced that it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in U.S. Bankruptcy Court, and on October 17, 2006 SGI emerged from Chapter
11 bankruptcy protection. In addition, SGI has changed its management team and is refocusing its business. Significantly, SGI has recently announced its intention to cease development of new products for the media and entertainment industry.
Although we have reduced our dependence on SGI workstations for the Advanced Systems products and will continue to do so in the future, the near term failure of SGI to deliver products, product upgrades or product support in a timely manner would
likely result in an adverse effect upon our financial results for a given period. 

Although we offer a range of Media and Entertainment
Segment products for use on standard, open, PC-based Linux platforms, our customers may not choose to adopt our products using these alternative platforms, or may delay purchases while evaluating the new platforms, which could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations in a given period. 

Our operating results fluctuate within each quarter and from quarter to
quarter making our future revenues and operating results difficult to predict. 

Our quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the
past and may do so in the future. These fluctuations could cause our stock price to change significantly or experience declines. Some of the factors that could cause our operating results to fluctuate include the timing of the introduction of new
products by us or our competitors, slowing of momentum in upgrade or maintenance revenue, the adoption of SFAS 123R, which required us to record compensation expense for shares issued under our stock plans beginning in the first quarter of fiscal
2007 with a negative impact on our results of operations, continued fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates, failure to achieve anticipated levels of customer acceptance of key new applications, unexpected costs or changes in marketing or
other operating expenses, changes in product pricing or product mix, platform changes, failure to convert our 2D customer base to 3D products, delays in product releases, timing of product releases and retirements, failure to continue momentum of
annual release cycles or to move a significant number of customers 

20

Table of Contents

from prior product versions in connection with our programs to retire major products, unexpected outcomes of matters relating to litigation, failure to
achieve continued cost reductions and productivity increases, unanticipated changes in tax rates and tax laws, distribution channel management, changes in sales compensation practices, the timing of large systems sales, failure to effectively
implement our copyright legalization programs, especially in developing countries, failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies, failure to achieve sufficient sell-through in our channels for new or existing products, the
financial and business condition of our reseller and distribution channels, renegotiation or termination of royalty or intellectual property arrangements, interruptions or terminations in the business of our consultants or third party developers,
failure to grow lifecycle management or collaboration products, unanticipated impact of accounting for technology acquisitions and general economic conditions, particularly in countries where we derive a significant portion of our net revenues.

We have also experienced fluctuations in operating results in interim periods in certain geographic regions due to seasonality or regional
economic conditions. In particular, our operating results in Europe during the third quarter are usually affected by a slow summer period, and the Asia/Pacific operations typically experience seasonal slowing in the third and fourth quarters.

Our operating expenses are based in part on our expectations for future revenues and are relatively fixed in the short term. Accordingly,
any revenue shortfall below expectations could have an immediate and significant adverse effect on our profitability. Failure to maintain rigorous cost controls would negatively affect future profitability. Further, gross margins may be adversely
affected if our sales of AutoCAD LT, upgrades and advanced systems products, which historically have had lower margins, grow at a faster rate than sales of our higher-margin products. 

Existing and increased competition may reduce our net revenues and profits. 

The software industry has limited barriers to entry, and the availability of desktop computers with continually expanding performance at progressively
lower prices contributes to the ease of market entry. The markets in which we compete are characterized by vigorous competition, both by entry of competitors with innovative technologies and by consolidation of companies with complementary products
and technologies. In addition, some of our competitors in certain markets have greater financial, technical, sales and marketing and other resources. Furthermore, a reduction in the number and availability of compatible third-party applications may
adversely affect the sale of our products. Because of these and other factors, competitive conditions in the industry are likely to intensify in the future. Increased competition could result in continued price reductions, reduced net revenues and
profit margins and loss of market share, any of which would likely harm our business. 

We believe that our future results depend largely
upon our ability to offer products that compete favorably with respect to reliability, performance, ease of use, range of useful features, continuing product enhancements, reputation and price. 

Net revenues or earnings shortfalls or the volatility of the market generally may cause the market price of our stock to decline. 

The market price for our common stock has experienced significant fluctuations and may continue to fluctuate significantly. The market price for our
common stock may be affected by a number of factors, including the following: net revenues or earnings shortfalls, unexpected deviations in results of key performance metrics, and changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; the
announcement of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; quarterly variations in our or our competitors’ results of operations; developments in our industry; unusual events such as significant acquisitions, divestitures
and litigation; and general market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors. 

21

Table of Contents

Historically, after periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, a company
becomes more susceptible to securities class action litigation. This type of litigation is often expensive and diverts management’s attention and resources. 

Our efforts to develop and introduce new products and service offerings expose us to risks such as limited customer acceptance, costs related to product defects and large expenditures that may not result in
additional net revenues. 

Rapid technological changes, as well as changes in customer requirements and preferences, characterize the
software industry. We are devoting significant resources to the development of technologies, like our lifecycle management initiatives, and service offerings to address demands in the marketplace for increased connectivity and use of digital data
created by computer-aided design software. As a result, we are introducing new business models, requiring a considerable investment of technical and financial resources. Such investments may not result in sufficient revenue generation to justify
their costs, or competitors may introduce new products and services that achieve acceptance among our current customers, adversely affecting our competitive position. In particular, a critical component of our growth strategy is to convert our 2D
customer base, including customers of AutoCAD, AutoCAD LT, and related vertical industry products, to our 3D products such as Autodesk Inventor Family of Products or Autodesk Revit Family of Products. Should sales of AutoCAD, AutoCAD upgrades and
AutoCAD LT products decrease without a corresponding conversion of customer seats to 3D products, our results of operations will be adversely affected. 

Product development may also be outsourced to third parties or developed externally and transferred to us through business or technology acquisitions. Such externally developed technologies have certain additional
risks, including potential difficulties with effective integration into existing products, adequate transfer of technology know-how and ownership and protection of transferred intellectual property. For example, in April 2006, we acquired a 28%
ownership in Hanna Strategies, a privately-held software development firm that has been one of our software developers since 2003. Expenditures attributable to development work contracted from Hanna Strategies represented 8%, 9% and 6% of our total
research and development expenses for fiscal years 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 

Additionally, the software products we offer are
complex, and despite extensive testing and quality control, may contain errors or defects. These defects or errors could result in the need for corrective releases to our software products, damage to our reputation, loss of revenues, an increase in
product returns or lack of market acceptance of our products, any of which would likely harm our business. 

We rely on third party
technologies and if we are unable to use or integrate these technologies, our product and service development may be delayed. 

We rely
on certain software that we license from third parties, including software that is integrated with internally developed software and used in our products to perform key functions. These third-party software licenses may not continue to be available
on commercially reasonable terms, and the software may not be appropriately supported, maintained or enhanced by the licensors. The loss of licenses to, or inability to support, maintain and enhance any such software could result in increased costs,
or in delays or reductions in product shipments until equivalent software could be developed, identified, licensed and integrated, which would likely harm our business. 

We are investing resources in updating and improving our internal information technology systems. Should our investments not succeed, or if delays or other issues with a new internal technology system disrupt our
operations, our business would be harmed. 

We rely on our network infrastructure, internal technology systems and our websites for our
development, marketing, operational, support and sales activities. We are continually investing resources to update and 

22

Table of Contents

improve these systems in order to meet the growing requirements of our business and customers. Unsuccessful implementation of hardware or software updates
and improvements could result in disruption in our business operations, loss of revenues or damage to our reputation. 

Disruptions with
licensing relationships and third party developers could adversely impact our business. 

We license certain key technologies from third
parties. Licenses may be restricted in the term or the use of such technology in ways that negatively affect our business. Similarly, we may not be able to obtain or renew license agreements for key technology on favorable terms, if at all, and any
failure to do so could harm our business. 

Our business strategy has historically depended in part on our relationships with third-party
developers who provide products that expand the functionality of our design software. Some developers may elect to support other products or may experience disruption in product development and delivery cycles or financial pressure during periods of
economic downturn. In particular markets, this disruption would likely negatively impact these third-party developers and end users, which could harm our business. 

As a result of our strategy of partnering with other companies for product development, our product delivery schedules could be adversely affected if we experience difficulties with our product development
partners. 

We partner with certain independent firms and contractors to perform some of our product development activities. We believe
our partnering strategy allows us to, among other things, achieve efficiencies in developing new products and maintaining and enhancing existing product offerings. In addition, we have acquired an investment interest in one developer, Hanna
Strategies. We have historically and plan to continue to contract with Hanna Strategies in order to provide more efficient resources for the development of new products and features in existing products. 

However, our partnering strategy creates a dependency on such independent developers. Independent developers, including those who currently develop
products for us in the United States and throughout the world, may not be able or willing to provide development support to us in the future. In addition, use of development resources through consulting relationships, particularly in non-US
jurisdictions with developing legal systems, may be adversely impacted by, and expose us to risks relating to, evolving employment, export and intellectual property laws. These risks could, among other things, expose our intellectual property to
misappropriation and result in disruptions to product delivery schedules. 

General economic conditions may affect our net revenues and
harm our business. 

As our business has grown, we have become increasingly subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in domestic
and global economic and political conditions. If economic growth in the United States and other countries’ economies is slowed, many customers may delay or reduce technology purchases. This could result in reductions in sales of our products,
longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. In addition, weakness in the end-user market could negatively affect the cash flow of our distributors and resellers who could, in turn, delay paying their
obligations to us, which would increase our credit risk exposure and cause delays in our recognition of revenues on future sales to these customers. Any of these events would likely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.

If we do not maintain our relationships with the members of our distribution channel, or achieve anticipated levels of sell-through,
our ability to generate net revenues will be adversely affected. 

We sell our software products both directly to customers and through a
network of distributors and resellers. Our ability to effectively distribute our products depends in part upon the financial and business condition of our reseller network. Computer software dealers and distributors are typically not highly
capitalized and have 

23

Table of Contents

previously experienced difficulties during times of economic contraction and may do so in the future. While we have processes to ensure that we assess the
creditworthiness of dealers and distributors prior to our sales to them, if their financial condition were to deteriorate, they might not be able to make repeat purchases. We rely significantly upon major distributors and resellers in both the U.S.
and international regions, including Tech Data Corporation and their affiliates, who accounted for 12% of fiscal 2007 net revenues and 11% of fiscal 2006 net revenues. The loss of or a significant reduction in business with those distributors or
resellers or the failure to achieve anticipated levels of sell-through with any one of our major international distributors or large resellers could harm our business. In particular, if one or more of such resellers were unable to meet their
obligations with respect to accounts payable to us, we could be forced to write off such accounts and may be required to delay the recognition of revenues on future sales to these customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations in a given period. 

Product returns could exceed our estimates and harm our net revenues. 

We permit our distributors and resellers to return 2% to 20% of prior quarter purchases and to return a product when new product releases supersede older
versions. Consistent with our experience in fiscal 2007, we anticipate that product returns will continue to be driven by product update cycles, new product releases and software quality. 

We establish reserves for stock balancing and product rotation. These reserves are based on historical experience, estimated channel inventory levels and
the timing of new product introductions and other factors. While we maintain strict measures to monitor these reserves, actual product returns may exceed our reserve estimates, and such differences could harm our business. 

If we are not able to adequately protect our proprietary rights, our business could be harmed. 

We rely on a combination of patents, copyright and trademark laws, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our
proprietary rights. Despite such efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties from time to time have copied aspects of our software products or have obtained and used information that we regard as proprietary. Policing
unauthorized use of our software products is time-consuming and costly. While we have recovered some revenues resulting from the unauthorized use of our software products, we are unable to measure the extent to which piracy of our software products
exists, and software piracy can be expected to be a persistent problem. Furthermore, our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate, and our competitors may independently develop similar technology.