We operate in a rapidly changing
environment that involves a number of risks, many of which are beyond our control. In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, the following discussion highlights some of these risks and the possible impact of these factors on
future results of operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted, causing the trading price of our common stock to decline. In addition, these risks and
uncertainties may impact the “forward-looking” statements described elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in the documents incorporated herein by reference. They could affect our actual results of operations, causing them to differ materially
from those expressed in “forward-looking” statements. 

The deteriorating global economic conditions may further affect our
financial results, additionally harming our business. 

As our business has expanded globally, we have become increasingly subject to the
risks arising from adverse changes in domestic and global economic and political conditions. Global economic conditions have deteriorated over the past several quarters, particularly during our most recent fiscal quarter that ended on
January 31, 2009. This has led to our customers deferring, reducing or cancelling purchases in response to tighter credit and negative financial news. These factors have negatively impacted our business and our financial results. 

If global economic conditions continue to deteriorate, or our customers continue to perceive uncertainty in global economic conditions, many of our
customers may further delay, reduce or cancel their technology purchases. This could result in further reductions in sales of our products, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. 

In addition, continued weakness in the end-user market could further negatively affect the cash flow of our distributors and resellers who could, in
turn, delay paying their obligations to us, which would increase our credit risk exposure and cause delays in our recognition of revenue on future sales to these customers. 

These actions have and may continue to negatively impact our business, financial results and financial condition. In addition, the negative effect these
factors have had on our cash flows has caused us to take an impairment charge on some of our long-term assets, and may cause us to take additional impairment charges in the future. 

The actions that we are taking in response to the global economic slowdown and our related business slowdown may be costly and may not be as effective
as anticipated. 

We are taking actions to reduce our cost structure to more closely align our costs with our revenue levels. In taking
these actions, we are attempting to balance the cost of such initiatives against the longer term benefit of such initiatives. In taking these actions, we will incur additional costs in the short term that may have the effect of reducing our
operating margins. If we do not achieve the proper balance of these cost reduction initiatives, we may eliminate critical elements of our operations, the loss of which could negatively impact our ability to benefit from an economic recovery. We
cannot assure that our cost cutting efforts will achieve appropriate levels of expenses and we may take additional actions in the future. 

In addition, we are taking actions to stimulate demand through a number of programs. Although we are attempting to balance the cost of these programs against the longer term benefits, it is possible that we will make such investments
without a corresponding increase in demand for our products. This would further reduce our operating margins and have a negative impact on our financial results. 

The recent global credit and banking crisis may further negatively affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

The recent global financial crisis affecting the banking system and financial markets and the going concern threats to investment banks and other
financial institutions have resulted in a tightening in the credit markets, a 

15 

Table of Contents

low level of liquidity in many financial markets, and extreme volatility in many financial instrument markets. Our business has been impacted by these events
and may be further impacted from this global credit and banking crisis by: the insolvency of key channel partners impairing our distribution channels; counterparty failures negatively impacting our treasury functions, including timely access to our
cash reserves; and increased expense or inability to obtain short-term financing if banks providing our line of credit are unable to lend us money when it is needed for our operations. 

Net revenue or earnings shortfalls or the volatility of the market generally may cause the market price of our stock to decline. 

The market price for our common stock has experienced significant fluctuations and may continue to fluctuate significantly. The market price for our
common stock may be affected by a number of factors, including shortfalls in our expected net revenue, earnings or key performance metrics; changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; the announcement of new products or product
enhancements by us or our competitors; quarterly variations in our or our competitors’ results of operations; developments in our industry; unusual events such as significant acquisitions, divestitures and litigation; and general
socio-economic, political or market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance, like the current credit issues affecting the economy or the operating performance of our competitors. For example, current
deteriorating global economic conditions have negatively impacted our financial performance and in turn the market price of our common stock. 

Significant changes in the price of our common stock could expose us to additional costly and time-consuming litigation. Historically, after periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, a company becomes more
susceptible to securities class action litigation. This type of litigation is often expensive and diverts management’s attention and resources. 

A significant portion of our revenue is generated through maintenance revenue; any decrease in maintenance attach and renewal rates or a decrease in the number of new seats we sell would negatively impact our
future revenue and operating results. 

Our maintenance customers have no obligation to attach maintenance to their initial license or
renew their maintenance contract after the expiration of their initial maintenance period, which is typically one year. Our customers’ attach and renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors. If our customers do not
attach maintenance to their initial license or renew their maintenance contract for our products, then our maintenance revenue will decline, and our business will suffer. In addition, a portion of the growth of our maintenance revenue has typically
been associated with growth of the number of licenses that we sell. Any reduction in the number of licenses that we sell, even if our customers’ attach rates do not change, will have a negative impact on our future maintenance revenue. This in
turn would impact our business and harm our financial results. 

We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could
negatively impact our financial results and cash flows. 

Because we conduct a substantial portion of our business outside the U.S. and
we make certain business and resource decisions based on assumptions about foreign currency, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic
conditions change, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. 

We use derivative instruments to
manage a portion of our earnings exposure and cash flow exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. As part of our risk management strategy, we use foreign currency forward and option contracts to manage a portion of our exposures
of underlying assets, liabilities and 

16 

Table of Contents

other obligations, which exist as part of our ongoing business operations. These foreign currency instruments have maturities that extend for one to 12
months in the future, and provide us with some protection against currency exposures. Our attempts to hedge against these risks may not be successful, resulting in an adverse impact on our financial results. 

During the first three quarters of fiscal year 2009, we benefited from the U.S. dollar’s weakness against other currencies, since such depreciation
has increased the revenue we report. However, during the last quarter of fiscal year 2009, the U.S. dollar strengthened as compared to other currencies, negatively impacting our revenue. If the U.S. dollar continues to strengthen, our future net
revenue could be further harmed. Although we have expanded our foreign currency cash flow hedge program beyond the current quarter to a longer term program in order to reduce foreign currency volatility, we cannot completely mitigate this risk, and
in any case, will incur transaction fees in adopting such hedging programs. 

If we do not maintain our relationships with the members of
our distribution channel, or achieve anticipated levels of sell-through, our ability to generate revenue will be adversely affected. If our distribution channel suffers financial losses or becomes financially unstable or insolvent, our ability to
generate revenue will be adversely affected. 

We sell our software products both directly to end-users and through a network of
distributors and resellers. For fiscal 2009, approximately 86% of our revenue was derived from indirect channel sales through distributors and resellers, and we expect that the majority of our revenue will continue to be derived from indirect
channel sales in the future. Our ability to effectively distribute our products depends in part upon the financial and business condition of our distributor and reseller network. Computer software distributors and resellers typically are not highly
capitalized, have previously experienced difficulties during times of economic contraction and are experiencing difficulties in the current economic environment. We have processes to ensure that we assess the creditworthiness of distributors and
resellers prior to our sales to them. In the past we have taken steps to support them, and may take additional steps in the future, such as extending credit terms and providing temporary discounts, which could harm our operating results. If our
distributors and resellers were to become insolvent, their inability to maintain their business and sales would negatively impact our business and revenue. We rely significantly upon major distributors and resellers in both the U.S. and
international regions, including distributors Tech Data Corporation and its global affiliates (“Tech Data”). Tech Data accounted for 14% and 14% of our consolidated net revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2009 and 2008,
respectively. 

Over time, we have modified and will continue to modify aspects of our relationship with our distributors and resellers,
such as their incentive programs, pricing to them and our distribution model to motivate and reward them for aligning their businesses with our strategy and business objectives. Changes in these relationships and underlying programs could negatively
impact their business and harm our business. In addition, the loss of or a significant reduction in business with those distributors or resellers or the failure to achieve anticipated levels of sell-through with any one of our major international
distributors or large resellers could harm our business. In particular, if one or more of such distributors or resellers were unable to meet their obligations with respect to accounts payable to us, we could be forced to write off such accounts and
may be required to delay the recognition of revenue on future sales to these customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in a given period.

Our investment portfolio is composed of a variety of investment vehicles in a number of countries that are subject to interest rate trends, market
volatility and other economic factors. If general economic conditions continue to create a decline in interest rates, deterioration in the credit rating of our investments, or illiquidity in the financial marketplace, we may continue to experience a
decline in interest income, an inability to sell our investments, or impairment in the value of our investments. 

It is our policy to
invest our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities with and in the custody of financial institutions with high credit ratings and to limit the amounts invested with any one institution, type of 

17 

Table of Contents

security and issuer. However, we are subject to general economic conditions, interest rate trends and volatility in the financial marketplace that can affect
the income that we receive from our investments, the net realizable value of our investments (including our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities) and our ability to sell them. In the U.S., for example, if the Federal Reserve continues to
lower interest rates, the yields on our portfolio securities may further decline. Any one of these factors could reduce our interest income, or result in material charges, which in turn could impact our overall net income and earnings per share.

For example, during fiscal year 2009 we recorded several other-than-temporary impairment charges to recognize the estimated loss in these
investments. These charges impacted our overall net income and earnings per share. 

A further description of our capital resources can be
found in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” 

Our efforts to develop and introduce new product and service offerings, including new product features, expose us to risks such as limited customer
acceptance, costs related to product defects and large expenditures that may not result in additional net revenue. 

Rapid technological
changes, as well as changes in customer requirements and preferences, characterize the software industry. We are devoting significant resources to the development of technologies, like our vertical design products and our digital prototyping and
collaboration products. In addition, we are continually introducing new business models that require a considerable investment of technical and financial resources. We are making such investments through further development and enhancement of our
existing products, as well as through acquisitions of new product lines. Such investments may not result in sufficient revenue generation to justify their costs, or competitors may introduce new products and services that achieve acceptance among
our current customers, adversely affecting our competitive position. In particular, a critical component of our growth strategy is to have customers of our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products expand their portfolios to include our related 2D vertical
industry products and our 3D model-based design products such as our Autodesk Inventor products, our Autodesk Revit products, our AutoCAD Civil 3D products and our Autodesk Navisworks products. Should sales of our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products
decrease without a corresponding increase in 2D vertical and 3D model-based design product revenue or without purchases of customer seats to our 2D vertical products and 3D model-based design products, our results of operations will be adversely
affected. 

Additionally, the software products we offer are complex, and despite extensive testing and quality control, may contain errors
or defects. These defects or errors could result in the need for corrective releases to our software products, damage to our reputation, loss of revenue, an increase in product returns or lack of market acceptance of our products, any of which would
likely harm our business.

Our business could suffer as a result of risks and costs associated with strategic acquisitions and
investments. 

We regularly acquire or invest in businesses, software products and technologies that are complementary to our business
through strategic alliances, equity investments or acquisitions. The risks associated with such acquisitions include, among others, the difficulty of assimilating the products, operations and personnel of the companies, the failure to realize
anticipated revenue and cost projections, the requirement to test and assimilate the internal control processes of the acquired business in accordance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Section
404”), and the diversion of management’s time and attention. In addition, such acquisitions and investments may involve significant transaction or integration-related costs. We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such
acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. In addition, such acquisitions and investments have in the past and may in the future contribute to potential fluctuations in quarterly results of operations. The fluctuations could
arise from transaction-related costs and charges associated with eliminating redundant expenses or write-offs of impaired assets recorded in connection with acquisitions and investments. For example, during our fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, we took
an impairment 

18 

Table of Contents

charge of $128.9 million, primarily related to goodwill associated with acquisitions in our M&E segment. We also may need to make further investments to
support these acquired companies and may have difficulty identifying and acquiring appropriate resources. These costs or charges could negatively impact results of operations for a given period, cause quarter to quarter variability in our operating
results or negatively impact our operating results for several future periods. 

Our operating results fluctuate within each quarter and
from quarter to quarter making our future revenue and operating results difficult to predict. 

Our quarterly operating results have
fluctuated in the past and may do so in the future. These fluctuations could cause our stock price to change significantly or experience declines. Some of the factors that could cause our operating results to fluctuate include general global
economic conditions, the timing of the introduction of new products by us or our competitors, lower growth or contraction of our upgrade or maintenance programs, stock-based compensation expense, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the
financial and business condition of our reseller and distribution channels, failure to achieve anticipated levels of customer acceptance of key new applications, failure to follow sales policies, unexpected costs or other operating expenses, changes
in product pricing or product mix, platform changes, failure to expand our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products customer base to related 2D vertical industry and 3D model-based design products, timing of product releases and retirements, failure to
continue momentum of frequent release cycles or to move a significant number of customers from prior product versions in connection with our programs to retire major products, failure to accurately predict the impact of acquired businesses, failure
to successfully or fully integrate acquired businesses and technologies, unexpected outcomes of matters relating to litigation, failure to achieve continued cost reductions and productivity increases, unanticipated changes in tax rates and tax laws,
distribution channel management, changes in sales compensation practices, the timing of large sales, failure to effectively implement our copyright legalization programs, especially in developing countries, failure to achieve sufficient sell-through
in our channels for new or existing products, renegotiation or termination of royalty or intellectual property arrangements, interruptions or terminations in the business of our consultants or third party developers, failure to grow lifecycle
management or collaboration products, and unanticipated impact of accounting for technology acquisitions. 

We have also experienced
fluctuations in operating results in interim periods in certain geographic regions due to seasonality or regional economic conditions. In particular, our operating results in Europe during our third quarter are usually affected by a slow summer
period, and our Asia Pacific operations typically experience seasonal slowing in our third and fourth quarters. 

Our operating expenses are
based in part on our expectations for future revenue and are relatively fixed in the short term. Accordingly, any revenue shortfall below expectations could have an immediate and significant adverse effect on our profitability. Greater than
anticipated expenses or a failure to maintain rigorous cost controls would also negatively affect profitability. Further, gross margins may be adversely affected if our sales of AutoCAD LT, upgrades and Advanced Systems products, which historically
have had lower margins, grow at a faster rate than sales of our higher-margin products. 

Because we derive a substantial portion of our
net revenue from AutoCAD-based software products, if these products are not successful, our net revenue will be adversely affected. 

We
derive a substantial portion of our net revenue from sales of licenses of AutoCAD software, including products based on AutoCAD that serve specific vertical markets, upgrades to those products and products that are interoperable with AutoCAD. As
such, any factor adversely affecting sales of these products, including the product release cycle, market acceptance, product competition, performance and reliability, reputation, price competition, economic and market conditions and the
availability of third-party applications, would likely harm our operating results. 

19 

Table of Contents

We are dependent on international revenue and operations, exposing us to significant regulatory,
global economic, intellectual property, collections, currency exchange rate, taxation and other risks, which could adversely impact our financial results. 

We are dependent on our international operations for a significant portion of our revenue. Our international revenue, including that from emerging economies, is subject to general economic and political conditions in
foreign markets, including conditions in foreign markets resulting from economic and political conditions in the U.S. These factors have recently adversely impacted and may in the future continue to adversely impact our future international revenue,
and consequently our business as a whole. Further, our dependency on international revenue makes us much more exposed to global economic trends, which can negatively impact our financial results, even if our results in the U.S. are strong for a
particular period. 

In addition, we anticipate that our international operations will continue to account for a significant portion of our
net revenue, and as we expand our international development, sales and marketing expertise, will provide significant support to our overall efforts in countries outside of the U.S. Risks inherent in our international operations include fluctuating
currency exchange rates, including risks related to any hedging activities we undertake, unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, practices and tariffs, difficulties in staffing and managing foreign sales and development operations, longer
collection cycles for accounts receivable, potential changes in tax laws, tax arrangements with foreign governments and laws regarding the management of data, possible future limitations upon foreign owned businesses, and greater difficulty in
protecting intellectual property. 

We have been named as a party in lawsuits related to our historical stock option practices and
related accounting, and we may be named in additional litigation in the future, all of which could result in an unfavorable outcome and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the
trading price for our securities. 

We are currently defending two lawsuits that have been filed against us and our current officers and
certain of our current and former directors and officers relating to our historical stock option practices and related accounting. See Note 13, “Commitments and Contingencies” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a more
detailed description of these proceedings. The ultimate outcomes of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price for our securities. 

We may become the subject of additional private or government actions in the future, including stockholder or employee litigation. Litigation may be
time-consuming, expensive and disruptive to normal business operations, and the outcome of litigation is difficult to predict. The defense of lawsuits may result in significant expenditures and the diversion of our management’s time and
attention from the operation of our business, which could impede our business. All or a portion of any amount we may be required to pay to satisfy a judgment or settlement of any claims may not be covered by insurance. 

Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel. 

Our success depends largely on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, professional, managerial, sales and marketing personnel.
Historically, competition for these personnel has been intense; for example, over the past several quarters we have been actively recruiting a new chief financial officer. The loss of services of any of our key personnel, the inability to retain and
attract qualified personnel in the future, or delays in hiring required personnel, particularly engineering and sales personnel, could make it difficult to meet key objectives, such as timely and effective product introductions and financial goals.

Existing and increased competition may reduce our net revenue and profits. 

The software industry has limited barriers to entry, and the availability of desktop computers with continually expanding performance at progressively
lower prices contributes to the ease of market entry. The 

20 

Table of Contents

markets in which we compete are characterized by vigorous competition, both by entry of competitors with innovative technologies and by consolidation of
companies with complementary products and technologies. In addition, some of our competitors in certain markets have greater financial, technical, sales and marketing and other resources. Furthermore, a reduction in the number and availability of
compatible third-party applications may adversely affect the sale of our products. Because of these and other factors, competitive conditions in the industry are likely to intensify in the future. Increased competition could result in continued
price reductions, reduced net revenue and profit margins and loss of market share, any of which would likely harm our business. 

We believe
that our future results depend largely upon our ability to offer products that compete favorably with respect to reliability, performance, ease of use, range of useful features, continuing product enhancements, reputation and price.

If we are not able to adequately protect our proprietary rights, our business could be harmed. 

We rely on a combination of patent, copyright and trademark laws, trade secret protections, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to
protect our proprietary rights. Despite such efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties from time to time have copied aspects of our software products or have obtained and used information that we regard as proprietary. Policing
unauthorized use of our software products is time-consuming and costly. While we have recovered some revenue resulting from the unauthorized use of our software products, we are unable to measure the extent to which piracy of our software products
exists and software piracy can be expected to be a persistent problem. Furthermore, our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate. 

We may face intellectual property infringement claims that could be costly to defend and result in our loss of significant rights. 

As more software patents are granted worldwide, as the number of products and competitors in our industry segments grow and as the functionality of products in different industry segments overlap, we expect that
software product developers will be increasingly subject to infringement claims. Infringement or misappropriation claims have in the past been, and may in the future be, asserted against us, and any such assertions could harm our business.
Additionally, certain patent holders without products have become more aggressive in threatening and pursuing litigation in attempts to obtain fees for licensing the right to use patents. Any such claims or threats, whether with or without merit,
have been and could in the future be time-consuming to defend, result in costly litigation and diversion of resources, or could cause product shipment delays or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. In addition, such royalty or
license agreements, if required, may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all, which would likely harm our business. 

While we
believe we currently have adequate internal control over financial reporting, we are required to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and any adverse results from such
evaluation could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

Pursuant to Section 404, we are required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting. The report contains, among other matters, an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year, including a statement as to whether or not our internal control over financial reporting is effective. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting identified by management. 

While we have determined in our Management Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2009, we must continue to monitor and assess our internal control over financial reporting. If our
management identifies one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and such weakness remains uncorrected at fiscal year end, we will be unable to assert such internal control is effective at 

21 

Table of Contents

fiscal year end. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective at fiscal year-end (or if our independent
registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls or concludes that we have a material weakness in our internal controls), we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and
completeness of our financial reports, which would likely have an adverse effect on our business and stock price. 

In preparing our
financial statements we make certain assumptions, judgments and estimates about our accruals, which, if not accurate, may significantly impact our financial results. 

We make accruals for a number of items, including employee bonuses, partner incentive programs, product returns reserve, sales commissions, sabbatical,
asset retirement obligations and allowance for doubtful accounts. These accruals are based on assumptions, judgments and estimates drawn from historical experience and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances when
made. Actual results could differ materially from our estimated accruals, and such differences could significantly impact our financial results.

Changes in existing financial accounting standards or practices, or taxation rules or practices may adversely affect our results of operations. 

Changes in existing accounting or taxation rules or practices, new accounting pronouncements or taxation rules, or varying interpretations of current
accounting pronouncements or taxation practice could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations or the manner in which we conduct our business. Further, such changes could potentially affect our reporting of transactions
completed before such changes are effective. For example, effective as of February 1, 2009, we adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141 (revised 2007) “Business Combinations” (“SFAS 141R”), which
requires acquisition-related costs to be expensed as incurred, restructuring costs generally to be expensed in periods subsequent to the acquisition date, in-process research and development to be capitalized as an intangible asset with an
indefinite life, and changes in accounting for deferred tax asset valuation allowances and acquired income tax uncertainties after the measurement period, which will impact income tax expense. The impact that SFAS 141R has on our consolidated
financial position, results of operations and cash flows will be dependent on the number and size of business combinations that the Company consummates subsequent to the adoption of the standard, as well as the valuation and allocation of the net
assets acquired. 

Our operating results could be negatively impacted if our tax positions are successfully challenged by tax
authorities. 

We are a U.S.-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions. Our effective tax
rate is based on expected geographic mix of earnings, statutory rates, intercompany transfer pricing, and enacted tax rules. Significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions on a worldwide
basis. We believe our tax positions, including intercompany transfer pricing policies, are consistent with the tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. It is possible that these positions may be challenged by jurisdictional
tax authorities and may have a significant impact on our effective tax rate. 

We rely on third party technologies and if we are unable
to use or integrate these technologies, our product and service development may be delayed. 

We rely on certain software that we license
from third parties, including software that is integrated with internally developed software and used in our products to perform key functions. These third-party software licenses may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms,
and the software may not be appropriately supported, maintained or enhanced by the licensors. The loss of licenses to, or inability to support, maintain and enhance any such software could result in increased costs, or in delays or reductions in
product shipments until equivalent software can be developed, identified, licensed and integrated, which would likely harm our business. 

22 

Table of Contents

We regularly invest resources to update and improve our internal information technology
systems. Should our investments not succeed, or if delays or other issues with new or existing internal technology systems disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed. 

We rely on our network and data center infrastructure, internal technology systems and our websites for our development, marketing, operational, support
and sales activities. We are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments in order to meet the growing requirements of our business and customers. Such improvements are often complex, costly and time
consuming. In addition, such improvements can be challenging to integrate with our existing technology systems, or uncover problems with our existing technology systems. Unsuccessful implementation of hardware or software updates and improvements
could result in disruption in our business operations, loss of revenue or damage to our reputation. 

Disruptions with licensing
relationships and third party developers could adversely impact our business. 

We license certain key technologies from third parties.
Licenses may be restricted in the term or the use of such technology in ways that negatively affect our business. Similarly, we may not be able to obtain or renew license agreements for key technology on favorable terms, if at all, and any failure
to do so could harm our business. 

Our business strategy has historically depended in part on our relationships with third-party developers
who provide products that expand the functionality of our design software. Some developers may elect to support other products or may experience disruption in product development and delivery cycles or financial pressure during periods of economic
downturn. In particular markets, such disruption would likely negatively impact these third-party developers and end users, which could harm our business. 

Additionally, technology created by outsourced product development, whether outsourced to third parties or developed externally and transferred to us through business or technology acquisitions have certain additional
risks. These risks include potential difficulties with effective integration into existing products, adequate transfer of technology know-how and ownership and protection of transferred intellectual property. 

As a result of our strategy of partnering with other companies for product development, our product delivery schedules could be adversely affected if
we experience difficulties with our product development partners. 

We partner with certain independent firms and contractors to perform
some of our product development activities. We believe our partnering strategy allows us to, among other things, achieve efficiencies in developing new products and maintaining and enhancing existing product offerings. Our partnering strategy
creates a dependency on such independent developers. Independent developers, including those who currently develop products for us in the U.S. and throughout the world, may not be able or willing to provide development support to us in the future.
In addition, use of development resources through consulting relationships, particularly in non-U.S. jurisdictions with developing legal systems, may be adversely impacted by, and expose us to risks relating to, evolving employment, export and
intellectual property laws. These risks could, among other things, expose our intellectual property to misappropriation and result in disruptions to product delivery schedules.