.

In addition to risks and uncertainties in the ordinary course of business that are common to all businesses, important factors that are specific to our industry and our company could have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. You should carefully consider the risks described below and in our subsequent periodic filings with the SEC before investing in our securities. Our business may also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or risks that we currently deem immaterial. The following risk factors should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated and combined financial statements and related notes in this report.

Risks Relating to Our Business 

We sell our products and services in highly competitive markets, which results in pressure on our profit margins and limits our ability to maintain or increase the market share of our products and services.

The monitored security alarm industry is highly fragmented and subject to significant competition and pricing pressures. We experience significant competitive pricing pressures on installation, monitoring and service fees. Several significant competitors offer installation fees that match or are lower than ours. Other competitors charge significantly more for 

9

Table of Contents

installation but, in many cases, less for monitoring. In addition, cable and telecommunications companies are expanding into the monitored security alarm industry and are bundling their existing offerings with monitored security services. In some instances, it appears that the monitored security services component of such bundled offerings is significantly underpriced and, in effect, subsidized by the rates charged for the other services offered by these companies. These pricing alternatives may influence customers’ desire to subscribe to our services at rates and fees we consider appropriate. In many cases we face competition for direct sales from our authorized dealers, who may offer installation for considerably less than we do in particular markets. We believe that the monitoring and service fees we offer are generally competitive with rates offered by other major security companies. We also face potential competition from improvements in self-monitoring systems, which enable customers to monitor their home environment without third-party involvement through the Internet, text messages, emails or similar communications, but with the disadvantage that alarm events may go unnoticed. It is possible that one or more of our competitors could develop a significant technical advantage over us that allows them to provide additional service or better quality service or to lower their price, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Continued pricing pressure or improvements in technology and shifts in customer preferences towards self-monitoring could adversely impact our customer base or pricing structure and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Expiration of non-competition agreements will allow the entry of potential competitors with deep knowledge of our business. 

We acquired Broadview Security in 2010. In connection with the separation of Broadview Security from The Brink’s Company in 2008 (the “Broadview Spin-Off”), Broadview Security and The Brink’s Company entered into a non-competition and non-solicitation agreement pursuant to which The Brink’s Company agreed not to compete with Broadview Security in the United States, Puerto Rico and Canada with respect to the security alarm systems or personal emergency response systems businesses for a period of five years from the date of the Broadview Spin-Off. Following the expiration of the non-competition and non-solicitation agreement in October 2013, The Brink’s Company is free to directly pursue competitive activities in these businesses and to license the Brink’s brand to other existing or potential competitors in these businesses. In addition, although the Separation and Distribution Agreement with Tyco that we entered into in connection with the Separation ("2012 Separation and Distribution Agreement")includes non-competition provisions, the non-competition provisions will expire on September 29, 2014, with respect to certain facilities no longer shared between ADT and Tyco, at which time, Tyco will be free to compete with us in the residential and small business security market. Such competitive activities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  However, where ADT and Tyco continue to co-locate in the same office space beyond September 29, 2014, those offices continue to be bound by the non-competition provisions.

Unauthorized use of our brand name by third parties, and the expenses incurred in developing and preserving the value of our brand name, may adversely affect our business. 

Our brand name is critical to our success. Unauthorized use of our brand name by third parties may adversely affect our business and reputation, including the perceived quality and reliability of our products. We rely on trademark law, company brand name protection policies and agreements with our employees, customers, business partners and others to protect the value of our brand name. Despite our precautions, we cannot provide assurance that those procedures are sufficiently effective to protect against unauthorized third-party use of our brand name. In particular, in recent years various third parties have used the ADT
®

 brand name to engage in fraudulent activities, including inducing customers to switch monitoring service providers, generating leads for competitors and obtaining personal financial information. We may not be successful in investigating, preventing or prosecuting unauthorized third-party use of our brand name. Future litigation with respect to such unauthorized use could also result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. These factors could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We do not own the right to use certain of our trademarks, including the ADT
®

 brand name, outside of the United States and Canada. 

Following the Separation, Tyco owns the ADT
®

 brand name outside of the United States and Canada. Therefore, in order to expand our business outside the United States and Canada, we would need to either acquire or otherwise license the ADT
®

 brand name from Tyco (to the extent not already used by Tyco in the applicable jurisdictions(s)) or use an alternative brand name. This would put us at a distinct competitive disadvantage. Development of a new brand outside the United States and Canada could be costly and would also require us to market other brands as superior alternatives to the ADT
®

 brand, which could undermine its value among customers within the United States and Canadian residential and small business security markets. These factors may make it difficult for us to develop a business outside of the United States and Canada. These factors also expose us to the risk that the ADT
®

 brand name could suffer reputational damage or devaluation for reasons outside of our control, including Tyco’s business conduct outside of the United States and Canada. Any of these factors may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

10

Table of Contents

Infringement of our intellectual property rights could negatively affect us. 

We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We cannot guarantee, however, that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property will be adequate to prevent infringement of our rights or misappropriation of our technology. Adverse events affecting the use of our trademarks could affect our use of those trademarks and negatively impact our brands. In addition, if we expand our business outside of the United States and Canada in the future, effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in some jurisdictions. Furthermore, while we enter into confidentiality agreements with certain of our employees and third parties to protect our intellectual property, such confidentiality agreements could be breached or otherwise may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets and know-how related to the design, manufacture or operation of our products. If it becomes necessary for us to resort to litigation to protect our intellectual property rights, any proceedings could be burdensome and costly, and we may not prevail. Further, adequate remedies may not be available in the event of an unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets and manufacturing expertise. If we fail to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights, our competitive position could suffer, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Allegations that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of third parties could negatively affect us. 

We may be subject to claims of intellectual property infringement rights by third parties. In particular, as our services have expanded into areas more heavily populated by intellectual property, we have become subject to claims alleging infringement of intellectual property, including litigation brought by special purpose or so-called “non-practicing” entities that focus solely on extracting royalties and settlements by enforcing patent rights. These companies typically have little or no business or operations and there are few effective deterrents available to prevent such companies from filing patent infringement lawsuits against us. In addition, we rely on licenses and other arrangements with third parties covering intellectual property related to the products and services that we market, including a Patent Agreement with Tyco covering the manufacture, use and sale of pre-separation products. Notwithstanding these arrangements, we could be at risk for infringement claims from third parties, including Tyco. Although the Patent Agreement generally includes a covenant by Tyco not to sue us for products and services in existence as of the distribution date that may infringe Tyco patents, it does not protect us from infringement claims for future product or service expansions, or if we change third-party product suppliers or if an alleged infringement involves certain patents. In general, if a court determines that one or more of our services infringes on intellectual property owned by others, we may be required to cease marketing those services, to obtain licenses from the holders of the intellectual property at a material cost or to take other actions to avoid infringing the intellectual property. The litigation process is costly and subject to inherent uncertainties, and we may not prevail in litigation matters regardless of the merits of our position. Intellectual property lawsuits or claims may become extremely disruptive if the plaintiffs succeed in blocking the trade of our products and services and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Failure to maintain the security of our information and technology networks, including personally identifiable and other information could adversely affect us. 

We are dependent on information technology networks and systems, including Internet and Internet-based or "cloud" computing services, to process, transmit and store electronic information. In the normal course of our business, we or our partners collect and retain significant volumes of certain types of personally identifiable and other information pertaining to our customers and employees, including video images of customer sites. In addition, Tyco has, and may continue to have access to information concerning our customers as a result of our transition services arrangements with Tyco.

The legal, regulatory and contractual environment surrounding information security and privacy is constantly evolving and companies that collect and retain such information are under increasing attack by cyber-criminals around the world. While we take security measures relating to our operations, those measures may not prevent security breaches and data loss that could be detrimental to our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. Third parties, including our partners and vendors, could also be a source of security risk to us in the event of a failure of their own security systems and infrastructure. We also do not control the operation of Tyco’s facilities and therefore must rely on Tyco to ensure that our customer data is adequately protected. In addition, we cannot be certain that advances in criminal capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments will not compromise or breach the technology protecting the networks that access our products and services. A significant actual or perceived (whether or not valid) theft, loss, fraudulent use or misuse of customer, employee or other personally identifiable data, whether by us, our partners and vendors, or other third parties or as a result of employee error or malfeasance or otherwise, non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such data could result in significant costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions against us. Such an event could additionally result in adverse publicity and therefore adversely affect the market’s perception of the security and reliability of our services, which could result in lost sales and increased customer attrition. In addition, we depend on our information technology infrastructure for business-to-business and business-to-consumer electronic commerce. Security breaches of, or sustained attacks against, this infrastructure could create system 

11

Table of Contents

disruptions and shutdowns that could result in disruptions to our operations. Increasingly, our security and home/business automation products and services are accessed through the Internet, and security breaches in connection with the delivery of our services via the Internet may affect us and could be detrimental to our reputation, business, operating results and financial condition. If any one of the foregoing risks materializes, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

An event causing a disruption in the ability of our monitoring facilities to operate could adversely affect our business. 

A disruption in our ability to provide security monitoring services and serve our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business. A disruption could occur for many reasons, including fire, natural disasters, weather, disease, transportation interruption, extended power outages, human or other error, terrorism or sabotage or as a result of disruptions to third-party transmission lines. Monitoring could also be disrupted by information systems and network-related events or cyber security attacks, such as computer hacking, computer viruses, worms or other malicious software, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other destructive or disruptive activities that could also cause damage to our properties, equipment and data. While our monitoring systems are fully redundant, a failure of our back-up procedures or a disruption affecting multiple monitoring facilities could disrupt our ability to provide monitoring services. If we experience such disruptions, we may experience customer dissatisfaction and potential loss of confidence, and liabilities to customers or other third parties, each of which could harm our reputation and impact future revenues from these customers. In conjunction with the Separation, we entered into a monitoring agreement with Tyco that provides for a transition period during which our monitoring facilities include facilities owned and operated by Tyco that provide monitoring services to our customers. During the transition period if an event causes a disruption in the ability of Tyco to operate such monitoring facilities and to provide security monitoring services to our customers, such disruption could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. At the end of the transition period and with the separation of our operations and security monitoring system from Tyco, our monitoring facilities will no longer include facilities owned and operated by Tyco.

We rely on a significant number of our customers remaining with us as customers for long periods of time. 

We operate our business with the goal of retaining customers for long periods of time in order to recoup our initial investment in new customers, achieving cash flow break-even in approximately three years. Accordingly, our long-term profitability is dependent on long customer tenure. This requires that we minimize our rate of customer disconnects, or attrition. The primary reason for disconnects is customers who relocate and do not reconnect. Customer relocations are impacted by changes in the housing market. See risk factor “We are susceptible to downturns in the housing market and consumer discretionary income, which may inhibit our ability to sustain customer base growth rate.” Some other factors that can increase disconnects include problems with our product or service quality, unfavorable general economic conditions, and the desirability and pricing of competitors' products and services over ours. Our customer attrition rates for fiscal years 2013, 2012 and 2011 were 13.9%, 13.5% and 12.7%, respectively. If we fail to keep our customers for a sufficiently long period of time, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

If we experience significantly higher rates of customer attrition, we may be required to change the estimated useful lives of assets related to our security monitoring customers, increasing our depreciation and amortization expense or impairing such assets. 

We amortize the costs of our acquired and dealer-generated contracts and related customer relationships based on the estimated life of the customer relationships. We similarly depreciate the cost of our internally generated residential and small business monitoring system assets. If attrition rates were to rise significantly, we may be required to accelerate the amortization of expenses related to such contracts and the depreciation of our subscriber system assets or to impair such assets, which could cause a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We are susceptible to downturns in the housing market and consumer discretionary income, which may inhibit our ability to sustain customer base growth rates. 

Demand for alarm monitoring services is affected by the turnover in the housing market. Downturns in the rate of the sale of new and existing homes, which we believe drives a substantial portion of our new customer volume in any given year, would reduce opportunities to make sales of new security and home automation systems and services and reduce opportunities to take over existing security and home automation systems. In addition, because of personal economic circumstances, current security alarm and home automation customers may decide to disconnect our services in an effort to reduce their monthly spending and may default on their remaining contractual obligations to us. Our long-term revenue growth rate depends on installations exceeding disconnects. If the housing market downturn or the general economic downturn continues, customer disconnects and defaults could increase and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. See risk factor “We rely on a significant number of our customers remaining with us as customers for long periods of time.”

12

Table of Contents

Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to successfully compete with new and existing competitors by developing or acquiring new technologies that achieve market acceptance with acceptable margins.

Our business operates in markets that are characterized by rapidly changing technologies, evolving industry standards and potential new entrants. For example, a number of cable and other telecommunications companies are offering interactive security services that are competitive with our products and services. If these services gain market acceptance, our ability to grow our business, in particular our ADT Pulse offering, could be materially and adversely affected. Accordingly, our future success depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to accomplish the following: identify emerging technological trends in our target end-markets; develop, acquire and maintain competitive products and services; enhance our products and services by adding innovative features that differentiate us from our competitors; and develop or acquire and bring products and services to market quickly and cost-effectively. Our ability to develop or acquire new products and services based on technological innovation can affect our competitive position and requires the investment of significant resources. These acquisitions and development efforts divert resources from other potential investments in our businesses, and they may not lead to the development of new technologies, products or services on a timely basis. Moreover, as we introduce new products such as ADT Pulse, we may be unable to detect and correct defects in the product or in its installation, which could result in loss of sales or delays in market acceptance. New or enhanced products may not satisfy consumer preferences and potential product failures may cause consumers to reject our products. As a result, these products may not achieve market acceptance and our brand image could suffer. In addition, our competitors may introduce superior designs or business strategies, impairing our brand and the desirability of our products and services, which may cause consumers to defer or forego purchases of our products and services. In addition, the markets for our products and services may not develop or grow as we anticipate. The failure of our technology, products or services to gain market acceptance, the potential for product defects or the obsolescence of our products and services could significantly reduce our revenue, increase our operating costs or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Our business operates in a regulated industry.

Our operations and employees are subject to various federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations in the United States and Canada in such areas as consumer protection, occupational licensing, environmental protection, labor and employment, tax and other laws and regulations. Most states and provinces in which we operate have licensing laws directed specifically toward the security services industry. Our business relies heavily upon the use of both wireline and wireless telecommunications to communicate signals, and telecommunications companies are regulated by federal, state and local governments. 

In certain jurisdictions, we are required to obtain licenses or permits in order to comply with standards governing employee selection and training and to meet certain standards in the conduct of our business. The loss of such licenses or permits or the imposition of conditions to the granting or retention of such licenses or permits could have a material adverse effect on us. Furthermore, in certain jurisdictions, certain security systems must meet fire and building codes in order to be installed, and it is possible that our current or future products and service offerings will fail to meet such codes, which could require us to make costly modifications to our products and services or to forgo marketing in certain jurisdictions. 

Changes in laws or regulations could require us to change the way we operate or to utilize resources to maintain compliance, which could increase costs or otherwise disrupt operations. In addition, failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations could result in substantial fines or revocation of our operating permits and licenses. If laws and regulations were to change or if we or our products failed to comply with them, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

Increasing government regulation of telemarketing, email marketing and other marketing methods may increase our costs and restrict the operation and growth of our business.

We rely on telemarketing and email marketing conducted internally and through third parties to generate a substantial number of leads for our business. The telemarketing and email marketing services industries are subject to an increasing amount of regulation in the United States and Canada. In the United States, the FTC and FCC have issued regulations that place restrictions on unsolicited automated telephone calls to residential and wireless telephone subscribers by means of automatic telephone dialing systems, prerecorded or artificial voice messages and telephone fax machines, and require us to maintain a “do not call” list and to train our personnel to comply with these restrictions. The FTC regulates both general sales practices and telemarketing specifically and has broad authority to prohibit a variety of advertising or marketing practices that may constitute “unfair or deceptive acts or practices.” Most of the statutes and regulations in the United States allow a private right of action for the recovery of damages or provide for enforcement by the FTC, state attorneys general or state agencies permitting the recovery of significant civil or criminal penalties, costs and attorneys’ fees in the event that regulations are violated. The Canadian Radio-Television and Telecommunications Commission enforces rules regarding unsolicited communications using automatic dialing and announcing devices, live voice and fax. In December 2010, the Government of Canada passed legislation to restrict the sending of unsolicited commercial electronic messages including email messages, 

13

Table of Contents

although that legislation has not yet been proclaimed into force. We are diligent in our efforts to comply with all such applicable regulations, but cannot assure you that we or third parties that we rely on for telemarketing, email marketing and other lead generation activities will be in compliance with all applicable regulations at all times. Although our contractual arrangements with such third parties expressly require them to comply with all such regulations and to indemnify us for their failure to do so, we cannot assure you that the FTC, FCC, private litigants or others will not attempt to hold us responsible for any unlawful acts conducted by such third parties or that we could successfully enforce or collect upon such indemnities. Additionally, changes in such regulations or the interpretation thereof that further restrict such activities could result in a material reduction in the number of leads for our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We could be assessed penalties for false alarms.

Some local governments impose assessments, fines, penalties and limitations on either customers or the alarm companies for false alarms. A few municipalities have adopted ordinances under which both permit and alarm dispatch fees are charged directly to the alarm companies. Our alarm service contracts generally allow us to pass these charges on to customers, but we may not be able to collect these charges if customers are unwilling or unable to pay them and such outcome may materially and adversely affect our operating results. Furthermore, our customers may elect to terminate or not renew our services if assessments, fines or penalties for false alarms become significant. If more local governments were to impose assessments, fines or penalties, our customer base, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

Police departments could refuse to respond to calls from monitored security service companies.

Police departments in a limited number of U.S. and Canadian jurisdictions do not respond to calls from monitored security service companies, either as a matter of policy or by local ordinance. In certain cases, we have offered affected customers the option of receiving response from private guard companies, in most cases through contracts with us, which increases the overall cost to customers. If more police departments were to refuse to respond or be prohibited from responding to calls from monitored security service companies, our ability to attract and retain customers could be negatively impacted and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.

Adoption of statutes and governmental policies purporting to characterize certain of our charges as unlawful may adversely affect our business.

If a customer cancels their contract with us prior to the end of the initial contract term, other than in accordance with the contract, we may charge the customer an early cancellation fee. Consumer protection policies or legal precedents could be proposed or adopted to restrict the charges we can impose upon contract cancellation. Such initiatives could compel us to increase our prices during the initial term of our contracts and consequently lead to less demand for our services and increased attrition. Adverse judicial determinations regarding these matters could cause us to incur legal exposure to customers against whom such charges have been imposed and expose us to the risk that certain of our customers may seek to recover such charges through litigation. In addition, the costs of defending such litigation and enforcement actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We have entered into non-compete and non-solicit restrictions that prohibit us from competing with Tyco in the commercial security market in the United States and Canada for a period of time after the Separation. 

The 2012 Separation and Distribution Agreement includes non-compete provisions pursuant to which we are prohibited from competing with Tyco in the commercial security market in the United States and Canada, subject to certain small business related exceptions. These provisions will expire on September 29, 2014. In addition, the 2012 Separation and Distribution Agreement contains non-solicitation provisions preventing us from soliciting Tyco’s existing security customers in the United States and Canada for two years after the distribution date. This effectively prevents us from expanding our business into the commercial security market, other than the small business market, in these jurisdictions during the restricted periods. These provisions could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Shifts in our customers’ choice of, or telecommunications providers’ support for, telecommunications services and equipment could adversely impact our business and require significant capital expenditures. 

Certain elements of our operating model have historically relied on our customers’ continued selection and use of traditional land-line telecommunications to transmit alarm signals to our monitoring centers. There is a growing trend for customers to switch to the exclusive use of cellular, satellite or Internet communication technology in their homes and businesses, and telecommunication providers may discontinue their land-line services in the future. In addition, many of our customers who use cellular communication technology for their security and home/business automation systems use products that rely on 2G cellular technology, and certain telecommunication providers have advised us that they will discontinue their 2G services in the future. Older installed security systems use technology that is not compatible with the newer cellular, satellite or 

14

Table of Contents

Internet communication technology, such as 3G and 4G networks, and will not be able to transmit alarm signals on these networks. The discontinuation of land-line, 2G cellular and any other services by telecommunications providers, and the switch by customers to the exclusive use of cellular, satellite or Internet communication technology may require system upgrades to alternative, and potentially more expensive, technologies to transmit alarm signals and for systems to function properly. This could increase our customer attrition rates and slow new customer generation. In order to maintain our customer base that uses security and home/business automation system components that are or could become obsolete, we may be required to upgrade or implement new technologies, including offering to subsidize the replacement of customers’ outdated systems at our expense. Any technology upgrades or implementations could require significant capital expenditures and also divert management’s attention and other important resources away from our customer service and sales efforts. In the future, we may not be able to successfully implement new technologies or adapt existing technologies to changing market demands. If we are unable to adapt timely to changing technologies, market conditions or customer preferences, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

In addition, we recently began using broadband Internet access service, including video streaming services, to support our product offerings, and we may choose to implement broadband Internet access in our intrusion panels as a communications option for our services. Video streaming services use significantly more bandwidth than traditional Internet activity. As utilization rates and availability of these services increases, our high-speed customers may use more bandwidth than in the past. If this occurs, we could be required to make significant capital expenditures to increase network capacity in order to avoid service disruptions or reduced capacity for customers.

We depend on third-party software licenses for our products and services. 

We rely on certain software technology that we license from third parties and use in our products and services to perform key functions and provide critical functionality. For example, we license the software platform for our monitoring operations and the home automation software for our ADT Pulse offering from third parties. Because our products and services incorporate software developed and maintained by third parties, we are, to a certain extent, dependent upon such third parties’ ability to maintain or enhance their current products and services, to ensure that their products are free of defects or security vulnerabilities, to develop new products and services on a timely and cost-effective basis and to respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. Further, these third-party technology licenses may not always be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If our agreements with third-party vendors are not renewed or the third-party software becomes obsolete, is incompatible with future versions of our products or services or otherwise fails to address our needs, we cannot provide assurance that we would be able to replace the functionality provided by the third-party software with technology from alternative providers. Furthermore, even if we obtain licenses to alternative software products or services that provide the functionality we need, we may be required to replace hardware installed at our monitoring centers and at our customers’ sites, including security system control panels and peripherals, in order to affect our integration of or migration to alternative software products. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We rely on third party providers for components of our security and home/business automation systems and any failure or interruption in products or services provided by these third parties could harm our ability to operate our business. 

The components for the security and home/business automation systems that we install are manufactured by third parties, including divisions of Tyco that are no longer part of our business. We are therefore susceptible to interruptions in supply and to the receipt of components that do not meet our high standards. Any financial or other difficulties our providers face may have negative effects on our business. We exercise little control over our suppliers, which increases our vulnerability to problems with the products and services they provide. Any interruption in supply could cause delays in installations and repairs and the loss of current and potential customers. Also, if a previously installed component were found to be defective, we might not be able to recover the costs associated with its repair or replacement across our installed customer base, and the diversion of technical personnel to address the defect could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We are exposed to greater risks of liability for employee acts or omissions or system failure, than may be inherent in other businesses. 

If a customer or third party believes that he or she has suffered harm to person or property due to an actual or alleged act or omission of one of our employees or security system failure, he or she (or their insurers) may pursue legal action against us, and the cost of defending the legal action and of any judgment against us could be substantial. In particular, because our products and services are intended to help protect lives and real and personal property, we may have greater exposure to litigation risks than businesses that provide other consumer and small business products and services. Substantially all of our customer contracts contain a series of risk-mitigation provisions that serve to limit our liability and/or limit a claimant’s ability to pursue legal action; however, in the event of litigation with respect to such matters, it is possible that these risk-mitigation 

15

Table of Contents

provisions may be deemed not applicable or unenforceable and, regardless of the ultimate outcome, we may incur significant costs of defense that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Certain providers of Internet access may block our services or charge their customers more for using our services, or government regulations relating to the Internet could change, which could adversely affect our revenue and growth. 

Our interactive and home automation services are accessed through the Internet and our security monitoring services are increasingly delivered using Internet technologies. Users who access our services through mobile devices, such as smart phones and tablets, must have a high-speed connection, such as Wi-Fi, 3G or 4G, to use our services. Currently, this access is provided by companies that have significant and increasing market power in the broadband and Internet access marketplace, including telephone companies, cable companies and wireless companies. These providers could take measures that affect their customers’ ability to use our products and services, such as degrading the quality of the data packets we transmit over their lines, giving those packets low priority, giving other packets higher priority than ours, blocking our packets entirely or attempting to charge their customers more for using our products and services. Some of these providers could also offer products and services that directly compete with our own offerings, which could potentially give them a competitive advantage. These actions could decrease the demand for our products and services and increase our cost of doing business.

In the United States, there continues to be some uncertainty regarding whether suppliers of broadband Internet access have a legal obligation to allow their customers to access services such as ours without interference. In December 2010, the FCC adopted net neutrality rules that would protect services like ours from such interference by making it more difficult for broadband Internet access service providers to block, degrade or discriminate against our services. These rules apply to wired broadband Internet providers, but not all of the rules apply to wireless broadband service. Several parties have sought judicial review of the FCC’s net neutrality rules, including an action brought against the FCC in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. These appeals are currently pending. We cannot assure that current net neutrality rules will not change in the future. Interference with our services or higher charges to customers by broadband service providers for using our products and services could cause us to lose existing customers, impair our ability to attract new customers and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We have significant deferred tax assets, and any impairments of or valuation allowances against these deferred tax assets in the future could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and Canada and in various state, territorial, provincial and local jurisdictions. The amount of income taxes we pay is subject to our interpretation and application of tax laws in jurisdictions in which we file. Changes in current or future laws or regulations, the imposition of new or changed tax laws or regulations or new related interpretations by taxing authorities in the jurisdictions in which we file could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our future consolidated federal and state income tax liability may be significantly reduced by tax credits and tax net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards available to us under the applicable tax codes. Our ability to fully utilize these deferred tax assets, however, may be limited for various reasons, such as if projected future taxable income becomes insufficient to recognize the full benefit of our NOL carryforwards prior to their expirations. As part of the separation of the ADT residential business from Tyco in July 2012, a separate return limitation year ("SRLY") event occurred as defined under relevant U.S. Income Tax Regulations (the "Regulations"). A SRLY event can limit a corporation's ability to utilize carryforward attributes should income attributable to specific subgroup members relative to total U.S. consolidated income be insufficient to allow for full utilization. In addition, if a corporation experiences an “ownership change,” Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”) Sections 382 and 383 provide annual limitations with respect to the ability of a corporation to utilize its net operating loss (as well as certain built-in loses) and tax credit carryforwards against future U.S. taxable income. In general an ownership change may result from transactions increasing the ownership of certain stockholders in the stock of the corporation by more than 50 percentage points over a three-year testing period. During fiscal year 2013, we determined that the SRLY limitation was no longer applicable as an ownership change is deemed to have occurred upon Separation from Tyco on September 28, 2012 in accordance with Code Section 382. Therefore, pursuant to the Code Section 382 "overlap rule," the tax attributes as of the end of September 2012 are only subject to the limitations provided by Code Sections 382 and 383. We do not, however, expect that this limitation will impact our ability to utilize the tax attributes carried forward from pre-Separation periods.

In addition to the pre-Separation tax attributes, we generated a significant NOL in fiscal year 2013 along with tax credit carryforwards. Our ability to fully utilize these tax assets may also be affected if in the future we experience another “ownership change” within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code. Future changes in our stock ownership, depending on the magnitude, including the purchase or sale of our common stock by five percent shareholders, and issuances or redemptions of common stock by us could result in an ownership change that would trigger the imposition of limitations under Section 382 of the Code for these post-Separation tax attributes. 

16

Table of Contents

In addition, as a significant taxpayer, we are subject to regular audits by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) as well as state, territorial, provincial and local tax authorities. These audits, whether for periods before Separation or post-Separation, could subject us to tax liabilities if tax authorities make adverse determinations with respect to our NOLs or tax credits. Further, any future disallowance of some or all of our tax credits or NOL carryforwards as a result of legislative change could materially affect our tax obligations. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that in the future we will not be subject to increased taxation or experience limitations with respect to recognizing the benefits of our NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes. Any such increase in taxation or limitation of benefits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

We face risks in acquiring and integrating customer accounts.

An element of our business strategy involves the bulk acquisition of customer accounts. Acquisitions of customer accounts involve a number of special risks, including the possibility of unexpectedly high rates of attrition and unanticipated deficiencies in the accounts and systems acquired despite our investigations prior to acquisition. We face competition from other alarm monitoring companies, including companies that may offer higher prices and more favorable terms for customer accounts purchased, lower minimum financial qualifications for purchased accounts or lower prices for monitoring services provided. This competition could reduce the acquisition opportunities available to us, thus slowing our rate of growth and/or increase the price we pay for such account acquisitions, thus reducing our return on investment and negatively impacting our revenue and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to purchase customer accounts on favorable terms in the future. 

The purchase price we pay for customer accounts is affected by the recurring revenue historically generated by such accounts, as well as several other factors, including the level of competition, our prior experience with accounts purchased in bulk from specific sellers, the geographic location of accounts, the number of accounts purchased, the customers’ credit scores and the type of security or home/business automation equipment used by the customers. In purchasing accounts, we have relied on management’s knowledge of the industry, due diligence procedures and representations and warranties of bulk account sellers. We cannot assure you that in all instances the representations and warranties made by bulk account sellers are true and complete or, if the representations and warranties are inaccurate, that we will be able to recover damages from bulk account sellers in an amount sufficient to fully compensate us for any resulting losses. If any of these risks materializes, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

Our customer generation strategies and the competitive market for customer accounts may affect our future profitability.

A principal element of our business strategy is the generation of new customer accounts through our authorized dealer program, which accounted for approximately 40% of our new customer accounts for our 2013 fiscal year. Our future operating results will depend in large part on our ability to manage this generation strategy effectively. Although we currently generate accounts through hundreds of authorized dealers, a significant portion of our accounts originate from a smaller number of authorized dealers. In particular, during our 2013 fiscal year one authorized dealer accounted for approximately 16% of all our new accounts. We experience loss of authorized dealers from our authorized dealer program due to various factors, such as authorized dealers becoming inactive or discontinuing their electronic security business, non-renewal of our dealer contracts and competition from other alarm monitoring companies. If we experience a loss of authorized dealers representing a significant portion of our account generation from our authorized dealer program or if we are unable to replace or recruit authorized dealers in accordance with our business plans, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. 

In addition, successful promotion of our brand depends on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and on our ability to offer member discounts and special offers for our products and services. We have actively pursued affinity marketing programs, which provide members of participating organizations with discounts on our products and services. The organizations with which we have affinity marketing programs closely monitor their relationships with us, as well as their members’ satisfaction with our products and services. These organizations may require us to increase our fees to them, decrease our pricing for their members or otherwise alter the terms of our participation in their marketing programs in ways that are unfavorable to us. These organizations may also terminate their relationships with us if we fail to meet member satisfaction standards. If any of our important affinity or marketing relationships, such as our relationships with USAA or AARP, were terminated, we would lose a significant source of sales leads and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

Our business strategy includes making acquisitions and investments that complement our existing business. These acquisitions and investments could be unsuccessful or consume significant resources, which could adversely affect our operating results.

17

Table of Contents

We will continue to analyze and evaluate the acquisition of strategic businesses or product lines with the potential to strengthen our industry position or enhance our existing set of products and service offerings. We cannot assure you that we will identify or successfully complete transactions with suitable acquisition candidates in the future. Nor can we assure you that completed acquisitions will be successful.

Acquisitions and investments may involve significant cash expenditures, debt incurrence, operating losses and expenses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Acquisitions involve numerous other risks, including:

•

diversion of management time and attention from daily operations; 

•

difficulties integrating acquired businesses, technologies and personnel into our business or achieving anticipated operations efficiencies or cost savings;

•

possibility of litigation or other claims in connection with, or as a result of, an acquisition, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders or other third parties;

•

inability to obtain required regulatory approvals and/or required financing on favorable terms;

•

potential loss of key employees, key contractual relationships or key customers of acquired companies or of us;

•

assumption of the liabilities and exposure to unforeseen liabilities of acquired companies; and

•

dilution of interests of holders of shares of our common stock through the issuance of equity securities or equity-linked securities.

It may be difficult for us to complete transactions quickly and to integrate acquired operations efficiently into our current business operations. Any acquisitions or investments may ultimately harm our business or financial condition, as such acquisitions may not be successful and may ultimately result in impairment charges.

We may pursue business opportunities that diverge from our current business model, which may cause our business to suffer.

We may pursue business opportunities that diverge from our current business model, including expanding our products or service offerings, investing in new and unproven technologies, adding customer acquisition channels and forming new alliances with companies to market our services. We can offer no assurance that any such business opportunities will prove to be successful. Among other negative effects, our pursuit of such business opportunities could cause our cost of investment in new customers to grow at a faster rate than our recurring revenue and revenue from installations. Additionally, any new alliances or customer acquisition channels could have higher cost structures than our current arrangements, which could reduce operating margins and require more working capital. In the event that working capital requirements exceed operating cash flow, we might be required to draw on our revolving credit facility or pursue other external financing, which may not be readily available. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Adverse developments in our relationship with our employees could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

As of September 27, 2013, approximately 2,000 of our employees at various sites, or approximately 12 percent of our total workforce, were represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements. Our relationships with these unions have generally been good. We are currently party to approximately 35 collective bargaining agreements in the United States and Canada. Almost one-third of these agreements are up for renewal in any given year. We cannot predict the outcome of negotiations of the collective bargaining agreements covering our employees. If we are unable to reach new agreements or renew existing agreements, employees subject to collective bargaining agreements may engage in strikes, work slowdowns or other labor actions, which could materially disrupt our ability to provide services. New labor agreements or the renewal of existing agreements may impose significant new costs on us, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations in the future.

We may be subject to liability for obligations of The Brink’s Company under the Coal Act.

On May 14, 2010, we acquired Broadview Security, a business formerly owned by The Brink’s Company. Under the Coal Industry Retiree Health Benefit Act of 1992, as amended (the “Coal Act”), The Brink’s Company and its majority-owned subsidiaries as of July 20, 1992 (including certain legal entities acquired in the Broadview Security acquisition) are jointly and severally liable with certain of The Brink’s Company’s other current and former subsidiaries for health care coverage obligations provided for by the Coal Act. A Voluntary Employees’ Beneficiary Associate (“VEBA”) trust has been established by The Brink’s Company to pay for these liabilities, although the trust may have insufficient funds to satisfy all future obligations. At the time of the Broadview Spin-Off, Broadview Security entered into an agreement pursuant to which The Brink’s Company agreed to indemnify it for any and all liabilities and expenses related to The Brink’s Company’s former coal operations, including any health care coverage obligations. The Brink’s Company has agreed that this indemnification survives our acquisition of Broadview Security. We have evaluated our potential liability under the Coal Act as a contingency in light of 

18

Table of Contents

all known facts, including the funding of the VEBA and indemnification provided by The Brink’s Company. We have concluded that no accrual is necessary due to the existence of the indemnification and our belief that The Brink’s Company and VEBA will be able to satisfy all future obligations under the Coal Act. However, if The Brink’s Company and the VEBA are unable to satisfy all such obligations, we could be held liable, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Risks Relating to Our Liquidity 

Disruptions in the financial markets or changes in our credit ratings could adversely affect us by reducing availability of credit or access to financing on favorable terms or at all and could adversely affect our suppliers by increasing funding costs or reducing availability of credit.

In the normal course of our business, we may access the capital markets for general corporate purposes, which may include repayment of indebtedness, acquisitions, additions to working capital, repurchase of common stock, capital expenditures and investments in our business. We rely on the capital markets, particularly for offerings of debt securities to meet our financial commitments and liquidity needs. Although we expect to have sufficient liquidity to meet our foreseeable needs, our access to and the cost of capital could be negatively impacted by disruptions in the financial markets or changes in our credit ratings. In recent years, the credit markets experienced significant dislocations and liquidity disruptions, and similar disruptions in the credit markets in the future could make financing terms for borrowers unattractive or unavailable. These factors may make it more difficult or expensive for us to access the capital markets if the need arises. In addition, these factors may make it more difficult for our suppliers to meet demand for their products or for potential strategic partners to commence new projects, as they may experience increased costs of debt financing or difficulties in obtaining debt financing. Disruptions in the financial markets have had adverse effects on other areas of the economy and have led to a slowdown in general economic activity that may continue to adversely affect our businesses. These disruptions may have other unknown adverse effects. One or more of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

In fiscal 2013, Standard and Poor’s Rating Services, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and Fitch Ratings downgraded the Company from BBB to BB-, from Baa2 to Ba2 and from BBB+ to BBB-, respectively.  Our credit ratings are based upon information furnished by us or obtained by a rating agency from its own sources and are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by one or more rating agencies at any time.  Rating agencies may review the ratings assigned to us due to developments that are beyond our control, including as a result of new standards requiring the agencies to reassess rating practices and methodologies.  If further downgrades in our credit ratings were to occur, it could result in higher interest costs under our revolving credit facility.  It could also cause our future borrowing costs to increase and reduce our access to capital.

Covenants in our debt instruments may adversely affect us.

Our revolving credit facility contains customary covenants, including a limit on the ratio of debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (“EBITDA”), a minimum required ratio of EBITDA to interest expense and limits on incurrence of liens and subsidiary debt. In addition, the indenture governing our senior unsecured notes contains customary covenants including limits on liens and sale/leaseback transactions.

Our ability to meet our financial covenants can be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot provide assurance that we will meet those tests. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our revolving credit facility or our indenture. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under our revolving credit facility or our indenture, the lenders or trustees could elect to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable and, in the case of credit facility lenders, terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If the lenders or trustees accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we cannot provide assurance that we will have sufficient assets to repay our revolving credit facility and our other indebtedness. Furthermore, acceleration of any obligation under any of our material debt instruments will permit the holders of our other material debt to accelerate their obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. See Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

We may continue to increase our debt or raise additional capital in the future, which could affect our financial health and may decrease our profitability.

We may continue to increase our debt or raise additional capital in the future, subject to restrictions in our revolving credit facility and indenture and any debt agreements covering debt incurred subsequent to the date of this report. If our cash flow from operations is less than we anticipate, or if our cash requirements are more than we expect, we may require more financing. However, debt or equity financing may not be available to us on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we incur additional debt or raise equity through the issuance of additional capital stock, the terms of the debt or our capital stock issued may give the holders rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock, particularly in the event of liquidation. The terms of the debt may also impose additional and more stringent restrictions on our operations than we currently have. If we raise funds through the issuance of additional equity, your percentage ownership in us would decline. If 

19

Table of Contents

we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, it could affect our financial health. Also, regardless of the terms of our debt or equity financing, the amount of our stock that we can issue may be limited because the issuance of our stock may cause the distribution of ADT common shares by Tyco to its shareholders (the "Distribution") to be a taxable event for Tyco under Section 355(e) of the Code, and under the tax sharing agreement entered into in conjunction with the Separation, we could be required to indemnify Tyco for that tax. See “Risk Factors-Risks Relating our Separation from Tyco-We might not be able to engage in desirable strategic transactions and equity issuances because of restrictions relating to U.S. federal income tax requirements for tax-free distributions.”

Material adverse legal judgments, fines, penalties or settlements could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our outstanding indebtedness.

We estimate that our available cash, our cash flow from operations and amounts available to us under our revolving credit facility will be adequate to fund our operations and service our debt over both the short term and the long term. However, material adverse legal judgments, fines, penalties or settlements arising from litigation and similar contingencies could require additional funding. If such developments require us to obtain additional funding, we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to obtain the additional funding that we need on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Such an outcome could have important consequences to holders of shares of our common stock. For example, it could:

•

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, research and development efforts and other corporate purposes, including dividend payments;

•

increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions;

•

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we operate;

•

restrict our ability to introduce new technologies or exploit business opportunities;

•

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our payment obligations with respect to our outstanding indebtedness; and

•

increase the difficulty and/or cost to us of refinancing our indebtedness.

Risks Relating to Our Common Stock

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and of Delaware law may prevent or delay an acquisition of our company, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock.

Our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and Delaware law contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids more expensive to the acquiror and to encourage prospective acquirors to negotiate with our board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include rules regarding how stockholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at stockholder meetings and the right of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. 

Delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock and us. We believe these provisions protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirors to negotiate with our board of directors and by providing our board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make us immune from takeovers. However, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in the best interests of our company and our stockholders. Accordingly, in the event that our board of directors determines that a potential business combination transaction is not in the best interests of our company and our stockholders but certain stockholders believe that such a transaction would be beneficial to our company and our stockholders, such stockholders may elect to sell their shares in our company and the trading price of our common stock could decrease.

Risks Relating to our Separation from Tyco 

We share responsibility for certain income tax liabilities of ADT, Tyco and Pentair Ltd., formerly Tyco Flow Control International Ltd. (“Pentair”) for tax periods prior to and including September 28, 2012, and such liabilities may include a portion of Tyco's obligations under its tax sharing agreement with Covidien Ltd. (“Covidien”) and TE Connectivity Ltd. (“TE Connectivity”) for tax liabilities for tax periods prior to and including June 29, 2007.

In connection with the 2007 distributions of Covidien and TE Connectivity by Tyco (the “2007 Separation”), Tyco entered into a tax sharing agreement (the “2007 Tax Sharing Agreement”) that governs the rights and obligations of each party with respect to certain pre-2007 Separation tax liabilities and certain tax liabilities arising in connection with the 2007 Separation. More specifically, Tyco, Covidien and TE Connectivity share 27%, 42% and 31%, respectively, of income tax liabilities that arise from adjustments made by tax authorities to Tyco's, Covidien's and TE Connectivity's U.S. and certain non-U.S. income tax returns and certain taxes attributable to internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the 2007 Separation. In addition, in the event the 2007 Separation or certain related transactions is determined to be taxable as a result of actions 

20

Table of Contents

taken after the 2007 Separation by Tyco, Covidien or TE Connectivity, the party responsible for such failure would be responsible for all taxes imposed on Tyco, Covidien or TE Connectivity as a result thereof. If none of the companies is responsible for such failure, then Tyco, Covidien and TE Connectivity would be responsible for such taxes, in the same manner and in the same proportions as other shared tax liabilities under the 2007 Tax Sharing Agreement. Costs and expenses associated with the management of these shared tax liabilities are generally shared equally among the parties.

In connection with the Separation from Tyco, we entered into a tax sharing agreement (the “2012 Tax Sharing Agreement”) with Tyco and Pentair that governs the rights and obligations of ADT, Tyco and Pentair for certain pre-Separation tax liabilities, including Tyco's obligations under the 2007 Tax Sharing Agreement. The 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement provides that ADT, Tyco and Pentair will share (i) certain pre-Separation income tax liabilities that arise from adjustments made by tax authorities to ADT's, Tyco's, and Pentair's U.S. and certain non-U.S. income tax returns, and (ii) payments required to be made by Tyco in respect to the 2007 Tax Sharing Agreement (collectively, “Shared Tax Liabilities”). Tyco will be responsible for the first 
$500 million
 of Shared Tax Liabilities. ADT and Pentair will share 
58%
 and 
42%
, respectively, of the next 
$225 million
 of Shared Tax Liabilities. ADT, Tyco and Pentair will share 
27.5%
, 
52.5%
 and 
20.0%
, respectively, of Shared Tax Liabilities above 
$725 million
.

With respect to years prior to and including the 2007 Separation, tax authorities have raised issues and proposed tax adjustments that are generally subject to the sharing provisions of the 2007 Tax Sharing Agreement and which may require Tyco to make a payment to a taxing authority, Covidien or TE Connectivity. Although Tyco has advised us that it has resolved a substantial number of these adjustments, a few significant items raised by the IRS remain open with respect to the audit of the 1997 through 2004 tax years. On July 1, 2013, Tyco announced that the IRS issued Notices of Deficiency to Tyco primarily related to the treatment of certain intercompany debt transactions (the “Tyco IRS Notices”). These notices assert that additional taxes of 
$883 million
 plus penalties of 
$154 million
 are owed based on audits of the 1997 through 2000 tax years of Tyco and its subsidiaries, as they existed at that time. Further, Tyco reported receiving Final Partnership Administrative Adjustments (the “Partnership Notices”) for certain U.S. partnerships owned by its former U.S. subsidiaries, for which Tyco estimates an additional tax deficiency of approximately 
$30 million
 will be asserted. The additional tax assessments related to the Tyco IRS Notices and the Partnership Notices exclude interest and do not reflect the impact on subsequent periods if the IRS challenge to Tyco's tax filings is proved correct. Tyco has filed petitions with the U.S. Tax Court to contest the IRS assessments. Consistent with its petitions filed with the U.S. Tax Court, Tyco has advised us that it strongly disagrees with the IRS position and believes (i) it has meritorious defenses for the respective tax filings, (ii) the IRS positions with regard to these matters are inconsistent with applicable tax laws and Treasury regulations, and (iii) the previously reported taxes for the years in question are appropriate. If the IRS should successfully assert its position, our share of the collective liability, if any, would be determined pursuant to the 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement. In accordance with the 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement, the amount ultimately assessed under the Tyco IRS Notices and the Partnership Notices would have to be in excess of 
$1.85 billion
 before we would be required to pay any of the amounts assessed.  We believe that our income tax reserves and the liabilities recorded in the consolidated balance sheet for the 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement continue to be appropriate. No payments with respect to these matters would be required until the dispute is resolved in the U.S. Tax Court, which Tyco has advised us, could take several years. However, the ultimate resolution of these matters is uncertain, and if the IRS were to prevail, it could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition,

results of operations and cash flows, potentially including a reduction in our available

net operating loss carryforwards. 

We are responsible for all of our own taxes that are not shared pursuant to the 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement's sharing formulae, and Tyco and Pentair are responsible for their tax liabilities that are not subject to the 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement's sharing formulae. We also have sole responsibility for any income tax liability arising as a result of our acquisition of Broadview Security in May 2010, including any liability of Broadview Security under the tax sharing agreement between Broadview Security and The Brink's Company dated October 31, 2008 (collectively, the “Broadview Tax Liabilities”). Costs and expenses associated with the management of Shared Tax Liabilities and Broadview Tax Liabilities are generally shared 
20%
 by Pentair, 
27.5%
 by ADT, and 
52.5%
 by Tyco.

All the tax liabilities that are associated with our businesses, including liabilities that arose prior to the Separation, have become our tax liabilities. Although we have agreed to share certain of these tax liabilities with Tyco and Pentair pursuant to the 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement, we remain primarily liable for all of these liabilities. If Tyco and Pentair default on their obligations to us under the 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement, we would be liable for the entire amount of these liabilities. In addition, if another party to the 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement that is responsible for all or a portion of an income tax liability were to default in its payment of such liability to a taxing authority, we could be legally liable under applicable tax law for such liabilities and required to make additional tax payments. Accordingly, under certain circumstances, we may be obligated to pay amounts in excess of our agreed-upon share of our, Tyco's and Pentair's tax liabilities.

We recognize potential liabilities and record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the United States and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional income taxes will be due. These tax liabilities are reflected net of related tax loss carryforwards. We adjust these liabilities in light of changing facts and 

21

Table of Contents

circumstances; however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of tax liabilities. Under the 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement, Tyco has the right to administer, control and settle all U.S. income tax audits for periods prior to and including September 28, 2012. The timing, nature and amount of any settlement agreed to by Tyco may not be in our best interests. All other tax audits will be administered, controlled and settled by the party that would be responsible for paying the tax.

To the extent we are responsible for any liability under the 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement and if our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the amount for which we are ultimately liable, we would incur additional income tax expense, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or our effective tax rate in future reporting periods.

If the distribution of ADT or Pentair common shares by Tyco to its shareholders or certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of such distributions are determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we, our stockholders that are subject to U.S. federal income tax and/or Tyco could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities.

Tyco has received a private letter ruling from the IRS regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Distribution and the distribution of Pentair common shares by Tyco to its shareholders (the “Pentair Distribution” and, together with the Distribution, the “Distributions”) to the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Distribution will qualify as tax-free under Section 355 of the Code and the Pentair Distribution will qualify as tax-free under Sections 355 and 361 of the Code, except for cash received in lieu of a fractional share of our common stock and the Pentair common shares. The private letter ruling also provides that certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the Distributions will qualify for favorable treatment under the Code. In addition to obtaining the private letter ruling, Tyco obtained an opinion from the law firm of McDermott Will & Emery LLP confirming the tax-free status of the Distributions for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The private letter ruling and the opinion rely on certain facts and assumptions and certain representations and undertakings from us, Pentair and Tyco regarding the past and future conduct of our respective businesses and other matters. Notwithstanding the private letter ruling and the opinion, the IRS could determine on audit that the Distribution, the Pentair Distribution or the internal transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings is not correct or has been violated, or that the Distribution, the Pentair Distribution or the internal transactions should be taxable for other reasons, including as a result of significant changes in stock or asset ownership after the Distributions. An opinion of counsel represents counsel's best legal judgment, is not binding on the IRS or the courts, and the IRS or the courts may not agree with the opinion. In addition, the opinion was based on current law, and cannot be relied upon if current law changes with retroactive effect. If the Distribution ultimately is determined to be taxable, the Distribution could be treated as a taxable dividend or capital gain to our stockholders as of the date of the Distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and those stockholders could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. In addition, Tyco would recognize gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of shares of our common stock and the Pentair common shares distributed to Tyco shareholders on the distribution date over Tyco's tax basis in such shares, but such gain, if recognized, generally would not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. However, we or Tyco could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities if it ultimately is determined that certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the Distributions are taxable. 

In addition, under the terms of the 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement, in the event the Distribution, the Pentair Distribution or the internal transactions were determined to be taxable as a result of actions taken after the Distributions by us, Pentair or Tyco, the party responsible for such failure would be responsible for all taxes imposed on us, Pentair or Tyco as a result thereof. Taxes resulting from the determination that the Distribution, the Pentair Distribution, or any internal transaction that was intended to be tax-free is taxable are referred to herein as “Distribution Taxes.” If such failure is not the result of actions taken after the Distributions by us, Pentair or Tyco, then we, Pentair and Tyco generally would be responsible for 
27.5%
, 
20%
 and 
52.5%
, respectively, of any taxes imposed on us, Pentair or Tyco as a result of such determination. Such tax amounts could be significant. In the event that any party to the 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement defaults in its obligation to pay Distribution Taxes to another party that arise as a result of no party's fault, each non-defaulting party would be responsible for an equal amount of the defaulting party's obligation to make a payment to another party in respect of such other party's taxes. To the extent we are responsible for any liability under the 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement, there could be a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or our effective tax rate in future reporting periods.

If the Distribution is determined to be taxable for Swiss withholding tax purposes, we or Tyco could incur significant Swiss withholding tax liabilities. 

Generally, Swiss withholding tax of 35% is due on dividends and similar distributions to our and Tyco’s shareholders, regardless of the place of residency of the shareholder. As of January 1, 2011, distributions to shareholders out of qualifying contributed surplus (
Kapitaleinlage
) accumulated on or after January 1, 1997 are exempt from Swiss withholding tax, if certain conditions are met (
Kapitaleinlageprinzip
). Tyco obtained a ruling from the Swiss Federal Tax Administration confirming that 

22

Table of Contents

the Distribution qualifies as payment out of such qualifying contributed surplus and, therefore, no amount was withheld by Tyco when making the Distribution. 

This tax ruling relies on certain facts and assumptions and certain representations and undertakings from Tyco regarding the past conduct of its businesses and other matters. Notwithstanding this tax ruling, the Swiss Federal Tax Administration could determine on audit that the Distribution should be treated as a taxable transaction for withholding tax purposes if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings is not correct or has been violated. If the Distribution ultimately is determined to be taxable for withholding tax purposes, we and Tyco could incur material Swiss withholding tax liabilities that could significantly detract from or eliminate the benefits of the Separation. In addition, we could become liable to indemnify Tyco for part of any Swiss withholding tax liabilities to the extent provided under the 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement.

We may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve from our separation from Tyco.

As an independent, publicly-traded company, we believe that our business benefits from, among other things, allowing us to better focus our financial and operational resources on our specific business, allowing our management to design and implement corporate strategies and policies that are based primarily on the business characteristics and strategic decisions of our business, allowing us to more effectively respond to industry dynamics and allowing the creation of effective incentives for our management and employees that are more closely tied to our business performance. However, we may not be able to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve as an independent company in the time we expect, if at all. For example, it is possible that investors and securities analysts will not place a greater value on our business as an independent company than on our business as a part of Tyco.

We may be unable to make, on a timely or cost-effective basis, the continued changes necessary to operate as an independent publicly-traded company, and we may experience increased costs after the Separation.

We may be unable to replace in a timely manner or on comparable terms the services or other benefits that Tyco previously provided to us that are not specified in any transition services agreement. Upon expiration of any transition services agreement, many of the services that are covered in the agreement will have to be provided internally or by unaffiliated third parties and we may be unable to replace those services in a timely manner or on comparable terms. In addition, if Tyco does not continue to perform the transition services and the other services that are called for under any transition services agreement, we may not be able to operate our business as effectively and our profitability may decline. 

In addition, for a period of time of up to two years after the Separation, we will continue to share monitoring facilities with Tyco as we work to separate our security monitoring system from that of Tyco. In connection with the Separation, we have entered into monitoring agreements with Tyco pursuant to which we will provide third-party monitoring services to certain of their customers and they will provide third-party monitoring services to certain of our customers for a period of time. We may not be able to effect the separation of our operations and security monitoring system from Tyco as smoothly as anticipated, which may result in disruption to our ongoing business, distraction of management and an increase in our cost of operation.

Our combined financial information for periods prior to September 28, 2012, is not necessarily representative of the results we would have achieved as an independent, publicly-traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results.

The combined financial information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for periods prior to September 28, 2012 does not necessarily reflect the results of operations, financial condition and cash flows that we would have achieved as an independent, publicly-traded company or those that we will achieve in the future. This is primarily because:

•

Prior to the Separation, our business was operated by Tyco as part of its broader corporate organization, rather than as an independent, publicly-traded company. In addition, prior to the Separation, Tyco, or one of its affiliates, performed significant corporate functions for us, including tax and treasury administration and certain governance functions, including internal audit and external reporting. Our combined financial statements for periods prior to September 28, 2012 reflect allocations of corporate expenses from Tyco for these and similar functions. 

•

For periods prior to September 28, 2012, our working capital requirements and capital for our general corporate purposes, including acquisitions and capital expenditures, were satisfied as part of Tyco’s company-wide cash management practices. As an independent, publicly-traded company, we no longer obtain funds from Tyco to finance our working capital or other cash requirements. Rather, we must obtain financing from banks, through public offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities or other arrangements.

•

Other significant changes may occur in our cost structure, management, financing and business operations as a result of our operating as a company separate from Tyco. 

For additional information about our past financial performance and the basis of presentation of our financial statements, see Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements.

23

Table of Contents

As an independent, publicly-traded company, we may not enjoy the same benefits that we did as a segment of Tyco. 

There is a risk that, as a result of our separation from Tyco, we may become more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than we would have been if we were still a part of the current Tyco organizational structure. As part of Tyco, we enjoyed certain benefits from Tyco’s operating diversity, purchasing power, available capital for investments and opportunities to pursue integrated strategies with Tyco’s other businesses. As an independent, publicly-traded company, we do not have similar diversity or integration opportunities and may not have similar purchasing power or access to capital markets.

The ownership by our executive officers and some of our directors of common shares, options or other equity awards of Tyco or Pentair may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest.

Because of their former positions with Tyco, substantially all of our executive officers, including our chief executive officer and some of our non-employee directors, own common shares of Tyco and Pentair, options to purchase common shares of Tyco and Pentair or other equity awards in Tyco and Pentair. The individual holdings of common shares, options to purchase common shares or other equity awards of Tyco and Pentair may be significant for some of these persons compared to their total assets. These equity interests may create, or appear to create, conflicts of interest when these directors and officers are faced with decisions that could benefit or affect the equity holders of Tyco or Pentair in ways that do not benefit or affect us in the same manner.

We might not be able to engage in desirable strategic transactions and equity issuances because of restrictions relating to U.S. federal income tax requirements for tax-free distributions. 

Our ability to engage in significant equity transactions could be limited or restricted in order to preserve, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the tax-free nature of the Distribution. Even if the Distribution otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code, it may result in corporate-level taxable gain to Tyco and certain of its affiliates under Section 355(e) of the Code if 50% or more, by vote or value, of our shares or Tyco’s shares are acquired or issued as part of a plan or series of related transactions that includes the Distribution. Any acquisitions or issuances of our shares or Tyco’s shares within two years after the Distribution will generally be presumed to be part of such a plan, although we or Tyco may be able to rebut that presumption. To preserve the tax-free treatment to Tyco of the Distribution, under the 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement, we are prohibited from taking or failing to take any action that prevents the Distribution and related transactions from being tax-free. Further, for the two-year period following the Distribution, without obtaining the consent of Tyco and Pentair, a private letter ruling from the IRS or an unqualified opinion of a nationally recognized law firm, we may be prohibited from:

•

approving or allowing any transaction that results in a change in ownership of more than 35% of our common shares when combined with any other changes in ownership of our shares,

•

redeeming equity securities,

•

selling or otherwise disposing of more than 35% of ADT’s assets, or

•

engaging in certain internal transactions.

These restrictions may limit our ability to pursue strategic transactions or engage in new business or other transactions that may maximize the value of our business. Moreover, the 2012 Tax Sharing Agreement provides that we will be responsible for any taxes imposed on Tyco or any of its affiliates or on Pentair or any of its affiliates as a result of the failure of the Distribution or the internal transactions to qualify for favorable treatment under the Code if such failure is attributable to certain actions taken after the Distribution by or in respect of us, any of our affiliates or our shareholders.