. 

Investors should review
carefully the following risk factors and the other information contained in this report. The risks that the Ameren Companies face are not limited to those in this section. There may be additional risks and uncertainties (either currently unknown or
not currently believed to be material) that could adversely affect the results of operations, financial position, and liquidity of the Ameren Companies. See Forward-looking Statements above and Outlook in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Part II, Item 7, of this report.

 We are subject to extensive regulation of our businesses, which could adversely affect our
results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

We are subject to, or affected by, extensive federal and state
regulation. This extensive regulatory framework, some but not all of which is more specifically identified in the following risk factors, regulates, among other matters, the electric and natural gas industries; rate and cost structure of utilities;
operation of nuclear power facilities; construction and operation of generation, transmission and distribution facilities; acquisition, disposal, depreciation and amortization of assets and facilities; transmission reliability; and present or
prospective wholesale and retail competition. We must address in our business planning and management of operations the effects of existing and proposed laws and regulations and potential changes in the regulatory framework, including initiatives by
federal and state legislatures, RTOs, utility regulators, and taxing authorities. Significant changes in the nature of the regulation of our businesses could require changes to our business planning and management of our businesses and could
adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Failure to obtain adequate rates or regulatory approvals in a timely manner, failure to obtain necessary licenses or permits from regulatory authorities, new or changed
laws, regulations, standards, interpretations, or other legal requirements, or increased compliance costs could adversely impact our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

The electric and natural gas rates that UE and AIC are allowed to charge are determined through regulatory proceedings, which are subject to
appeal, and are subject to legislative actions, which are largely outside of their control. Any events that prevent UE or AIC from recovering their respective costs or from earning appropriate returns on their investments could have a material
adverse effect on results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

The rates that UE and AIC are allowed to charge for
their utility services significantly influence the results of operations, financial position, and liquidity of these companies and Ameren. The electric and natural gas utility industry is highly regulated. The utility rates charged to UE and AIC
customers are determined, in large part, by governmental entities, including the MoPSC, the ICC, and FERC. Decisions by these entities are influenced by many factors, including the cost of providing service, the

16 

Table of Contents

prudency of expenditures, the quality of service, regulatory staff knowledge and experience, economic conditions, public policy, and social and political views. Decisions made by these
governmental entities regarding rates are largely outside of UE’s and AIC’s control. Regulatory lag involved in filing and getting new rates approved could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position,
and liquidity. Rate orders are also subject to appeal and stay requests, which create additional uncertainty as to the rates UE and AIC will ultimately be allowed to charge for their services. 

UE and AIC electric and natural gas utility rates are typically established in regulatory proceedings that take up to 11 months to complete. Rates
established in those proceedings for UE are primarily based on historical costs and revenues. Rates established in those proceedings for AIC may be based on historical or estimated future costs and revenues. Thus, the rates a utility is allowed to
charge may or may not match its costs at any given time. Rates include an allowed return on investments by the regulators. Although rate regulation is premised on providing a reasonable opportunity to earn a reasonable rate of return on invested
capital, there can be no assurance that the applicable regulatory commission will judge all the costs of UE and AIC to have been prudently incurred or that the regulatory process in which rates are determined will always result in rates that will
produce full recovery of such costs or an adequate return on those investments. 

During periods of rising costs and investments or
declining retail usage, UE and AIC may not be able to earn the allowed return established by their regulators. This could result in deferral or elimination of planned capital investments. As a result, UE and AIC expect to file rate cases frequently.
A period of increasing rates for our customers, especially during weak economic times, could result in additional regulatory and legislative actions, as well as competitive and political pressures, which could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations that require
significant capital expenditures or could result in closure of facilities, could increase our operating costs, and could adversely influence or limit our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity, or expose us to fines and
liabilities. 

We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations enforced by federal, state and local authorities. From
the beginning phases of siting and development to the ongoing operation of existing or new electric generating, transmission and distribution facilities, natural gas storage facilities, and natural gas transmission and distribution facilities, our
activities involve compliance with diverse environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations address emissions, impacts to air, land and water, noise, protected natural and cultural resources (such as wetlands, endangered species and
other protected wildlife, and archeological and historical resources), and

chemical and waste handling. Complex and lengthy processes are required to obtain approvals, permits, or licenses for new, existing or modified facilities. Additionally, the use and handling of
various chemicals or hazardous materials (including wastes) requires release prevention plans and emergency response procedures. 

In addition to existing laws and regulations governing our facilities, the EPA is developing numerous new environmental regulations that will have a significant impact on the electric utility industry. These
regulations could be particularly burdensome for certain companies, including Ameren, UE and Genco that operate coal-fired power plants. Significant new rules already proposed or promulgated within the past year include the regulation of greenhouse
gas emissions; revised ambient air quality standards for SO
2

 and NO
x

 emissions that increase the stringency of the existing ozone ambient air quality standard;
the CATR, which would require further reduction of SO
2

 and NO
x

 emissions from power plants; and a regulation governing coal ash impoundments. Within the
next year, the EPA is also expected to propose new regulations under the Clean Water Act, which could require significant capital expenditures such as new water intake structures or cooling towers at our power plants; NSPS and emission guidelines
for greenhouse gas emissions applicable to new and existing electric generating units; and a MACT standard for the control of hazardous air pollutants such as mercury and acid gases from power plants. Such new regulations may be challenged with
lawsuits, so the timing of their ultimate implementation is uncertain. Although many of the details of these future regulations are unknown, the combined effect of the new and proposed environmental regulations may result in significant capital
expenditures and/or increased operating costs over the next five to eight years for Ameren, UE and Genco. Actions required to ensure that our facilities and operations are in compliance with environmental laws and regulations could be prohibitively
expensive. As a result, these regulations could require us to close or to significantly alter the operation of our generating facilities, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Failure to
comply with environmental laws and regulations may also result in the imposition of fines, penalties, and injunctive measures. 

We are
also subject to liability under environmental laws for remediating environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by us or by our predecessors, as well as property contaminated by hazardous substances that we generated. Such sites
include MGP sites and third-party sites, such as landfills. Additionally, private individuals may seek to enforce environmental laws and regulations against us and could allege injury from exposure to hazardous materials. 

Ameren also may be subject to risks in connection with changing or conflicting interpretations of existing laws and regulations. The EPA is
engaged in an enforcement initiative targeted at coal-fired power plants in the United States to determine whether coal-fired power plants failed to comply

17 

Table of Contents

with the requirements of the NSR and NSPS provisions under the Clean Air Act when the plants implemented modifications. Failure to comply with the NSR and NSPS provisions under the Clean Air Act
can result in increased capital expenditures for the installation of control technology, increased operations and maintenance expenses, and fines or penalties. Ameren and Genco have received requests for information from the EPA pursuant to
Section 114(a) of the Clean Air Act. In January 2010, UE received a Notice of Violation from the EPA alleging violations of the Clean Air Act’s NSR and Title V programs. In the Notice of Violation, the EPA contends that various projects at
UE’s Labadie, Meramec, Rush Island, and Sioux coal-fired power plant facilities, dating back to the mid-1990s, triggered NSR requirements. In October 2010, the EPA supplemented and amended the Notice of Violation to include additional projects
at UE’s coal-fired power plant facilities. The amended Notice of Violation followed a series of information requests under Section 114(a). In January 2011, the EPA filed a complaint against UE in the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Missouri. The EPA’s complaint alleges that in performing projects at its Rush Island coal-fired generating facility, UE violated provisions of the Clean Air Act and Missouri law. At present, the complaint does not include
UE’s other coal-fired facilities. Litigation of this matter could take many years to resolve. An outcome in this matter adverse to UE could require substantial capital expenditures and the payment of substantial penalties, neither of which can
be determined at this time. Such expenditures could affect unit retirement and replacement decisions and our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates. 

Ameren, UE and Genco have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance and site remediation. New
environmental regulations, voluntary compliance guidelines, enforcement initiatives, or legislation could result in a significant increase in capital expenditures and operating costs, decreased revenues, increased financing requirements, penalties,
or closure of facilities for Ameren, UE and Genco. Although costs incurred by UE would be eligible for recovery in rates over time, subject to MoPSC approval in a rate proceeding, there is no similar cost recovery mechanism for Genco or for
Ameren’s Merchant Generation business segment. We are unable to predict the ultimate impact of these matters on our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

Future limits on greenhouse gas emissions would likely require Ameren, UE and Genco to incur significant increases in capital expenditures and
operating costs, which, if excessive, could result in the closures of coal-fired generating plants, impairment of assets, or otherwise materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

Initiatives to limit greenhouse gas emissions and to address climate change have been subject to consideration in the U.S. Congress. In the past
two years, legislation has been passed in the U.S. House of Representatives and

proposed in the Senate to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from designated sources, including coal-fired electric generation units. Many of these proposals have included economy-wide cap-and-trade
programs. The reduction of greenhouse gas emissions has been identified as a high priority by President Obama’s administration. 

Potential impacts from climate change legislation could vary, depending upon proposed
CO
2

 emission limits, the timing of implementation of those limits, the method of
distributing any allowances, the degree to which offsets are allowed and available, and provisions for cost-containment measures, such as a “safety valve” provision that provides a maximum price for emission allowances. Our emissions of
greenhouse gases vary among our generating facilities, but coal-fired power plants are significant sources of CO
2

. Ameren’s analysis shows that if most versions of the recently proposed climate change bills were enacted into law, household costs and rates for electricity could rise significantly. The burden could fall
particularly hard on electricity consumers and upon the economy in the Midwest because of the region’s reliance on electricity generated by coal-fired power plants. Natural gas emits per kilowatthour about half as much CO
2

 as coal emits when burned to produce electricity. Therefore, climate change regulation could
cause the conversion of coal-fired power plants to natural gas, or the construction of new natural gas plants to replace coal-fired power plants. As a result, economy-wide shifts to natural gas as a fuel source for electricity generation also could
affect the cost of heating for our utility customers and many industrial processes that use natural gas. Higher costs for energy could contribute to reduced demand for electricity and natural gas. 

In December 2009, the EPA issued its “endangerment finding” determining that greenhouse gas emissions, including
CO
2

, endanger human health and welfare and that emissions of greenhouse gases
from motor vehicles contribute to that endangerment. In March 2010, the EPA issued a determination that greenhouse gas emissions from stationary sources, such as power plants, would be subject to regulation under the Clean Air Act in 2011. As a
result of these actions, we will be required to consider the emissions of greenhouse gas in any air permit application submitted by us or pending after January 1, 2011. 

Recognizing the difficulties presented by regulating at once virtually all emitters of greenhouse gases, the EPA finalized in
May 2010 regulations known as the “Tailoring Rule,” that would establish new higher thresholds for regulating greenhouse gas emissions from stationary sources, such as power plants. The Tailoring Rule became effective in January 2011. The
rule requires any source that already has an operating permit to have greenhouse-gas-specific provisions added to their permits upon renewal. Currently, all Ameren power plants have operating permits that, when renewed, may be modified to address
greenhouse gas emissions. The Tailoring Rule also provides that if projects performed at major sources result in an increase in emissions of greenhouse gases of at least 75,000 tons per year, measured as CO
2

 equivalents, such

18 

Table of Contents

projects could trigger permitting requirements under the NSR/Prevention of Significant Deterioration program and the application of best available control technology, if any, to control
greenhouse gas emissions. New major sources also would be required to obtain such a permit and to install the best available control technology if their greenhouse gas emissions exceed the applicable emissions threshold. Separately, in December
2010, the EPA announced it would establish NSPS for greenhouse gas emissions at new and existing fossil-fuel fired power plants. In the announcement, the EPA said it will propose standards for power plants in July 2011 and issue final standards in
May 2012. It is uncertain whether reductions to greenhouse gas emissions would be required at our power plants as a result of any of the EPA’s new and future rules. Legal challenges to the EPA’s greenhouse gas rules have been filed and
more challenges are expected. Any federal climate change legislation that is enacted may preempt the EPA’s regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, including the Tailoring Rule, particularly as it relates to power plant greenhouse gas emissions.
The extent to which the Tailoring Rule could have a material impact on our generating facilities depends upon how state agencies apply the EPA’s guidelines as to what constitutes the best available control technology for greenhouse gas
emissions from power plants, whether physical changes or changes in operations subject to the rule occur at our power plants, and whether federal legislation that preempts the rule is passed. 

Future federal and state legislation or regulations that mandate limits on the emission of greenhouse gases would likely result in significant
increases in capital expenditures and operating costs, which, in turn, could lead to increased liquidity needs and higher financing costs. Moreover, to the extent UE requests recovery of these costs through rates, its regulators might deny some or
all of, or defer timely recovery of, these costs. Excessive costs to comply with future legislation or regulations might force Ameren, UE and Genco as well as other similarly situated electric power generators to close some coal-fired facilities and
could lead to possible impairment of assets and reduced revenues. As a result, mandatory limits could have a material adverse impact on Ameren’s, UE’s, and Genco’s results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

The construction of, and capital improvements to, Ameren’s, UE’s and AIC’s electric and gas utility infrastructure as well as to
Ameren’s and Genco’s merchant generation facilities involve substantial risks. These risks include escalating costs, unsatisfactory performance by the projects when completed, the inability to complete projects as scheduled, cost
disallowances by regulators and the inability to earn a reasonable return on invested capital, any of which could result in higher costs and the closure of facilities. 

Over the next five years, the Ameren Companies will incur significant capital expenditures to comply with existing and known environmental regulations and to make investments in their electric and gas natural
utility infrastructure and their merchant generation facilities. The

Ameren Companies estimate that they will incur up to $8.2 billion (UE – up to $4.1 billion; AIC – up to $2.4 billion; Genco – up to $1.0 billion; other – up to $700
million) of capital expenditures during the period 2011 through 2015. These expenses include construction expenditures, capitalized interest or allowance for funds used during construction, and compliance with environmental standards. Construction
costs as well as the cost of capital have escalated in recent years. They are expected to stay at current levels or to escalate further. 

Investments in Ameren’s regulated operations are expected to be recoverable from ratepayers, but are subject to prudency reviews and
regulatory lag. The recoverability of amounts expended in merchant generation operations will depend upon market prices for capacity and energy. 

The ability of the Ameren Companies to complete facilities under construction successfully, and to complete future projects within established estimates, is contingent upon many variables and subject to substantial
risks. These variables include, but are not limited to, project management expertise and escalating costs for materials, labor, and environmental compliance. Delays in obtaining permits, shortages in materials and qualified labor, suppliers and
contractors who do not perform as required under their contracts, changes in the scope and timing of projects, the inability to raise capital on favorable terms, or other events beyond our control that could occur may materially affect the schedule,
cost and performance of these projects. With respect to capital spent for pollution control equipment, there is a risk that electric generating plants will not be permitted to continue to operate if pollution control equipment is not installed by
prescribed deadlines or does not perform as expected. Should any such construction efforts be unsuccessful, the Ameren Companies could be subject to additional costs and to the loss of their investment in the project or facility. The Ameren
Companies may also be required to purchase electricity for their customers until the projects are completed. All of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Ameren Companies’ results of operations, financial position, and
liquidity. 

Our counterparties may not meet their obligations to us. 

We are exposed to the risk that counterparties to various arrangements who owe us money, credit, energy, coal, or other commodities or services
will not be able to perform their obligations or, with respect to our credit facilities, will fail to honor their commitments. Should the counterparties to commodity arrangements fail to perform, we might be forced to replace or to sell the
underlying commitment at then-current market prices. Should the lenders under our credit facilities fail to perform, the level of borrowing capacity under those arrangements would decrease unless we were able to find replacement lenders to assume
the nonperforming lender’s commitment. In such an event, we might incur losses, or our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity could otherwise be adversely affected.

19 

Table of Contents

 Certain of the Ameren Companies have obligations to other Ameren Companies or other Ameren
subsidiaries as a result of transactions involving energy, coal, other commodities and services, and as a result of hedging transactions. If one Ameren entity failed to perform under any of these arrangements, other Ameren entities might incur
losses. Their results of operations, financial position, and liquidity could be adversely affected, resulting in the nondefaulting Ameren entity being unable to meet its obligations, including to unrelated third parties. 

Increasing costs associated with our defined benefit retirement and postretirement plans, health care plans, and other employee benefits could
materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

We offer defined benefit retirement and
postretirement plans that cover substantially all of our employees. Assumptions related to future costs, returns on investments, interest rates, and other actuarial matters have a significant impact on our earnings and funding requirements. Ameren
expects to fund its pension plans at a level equal to the greater of the pension expense or the legally required minimum contribution. Considering Ameren’s assumptions at December 31, 2010, its investment performance in 2010, and its
pension funding policy, Ameren expects to make annual contributions of $75 million to $110 million in each of the next five years, with aggregate estimated contributions of $470 million. We expect UE’s, AIC’s, and Genco’s portion
of the future funding requirements to be 63%, 28%, and 9%, respectively. These amounts are estimates. They may change with actual investment performance, changes in interest rates, changes in our assumptions, any pertinent changes in government
regulations, and any voluntary contributions. 

In addition to the costs of our retirement plans, the costs of providing health care
benefits to our employees and retirees have increased in recent years. We believe that our employee benefit costs, including costs of health care plans for our employees and former employees, will continue to rise. The increasing costs and funding
requirements associated with our defined benefit retirement plans, health care plans, and other employee benefits could increase our financing needs and otherwise materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and
liquidity. 

Our electric generating, transmission and distribution facilities are subject to operational risks that could materially
adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

The Ameren Companies’ financial performance
depends on the successful operation of electric generating, transmission, and distribution facilities. Operation of electric generating, transmission, and distribution facilities involves many risks, including: 

Ÿ

 facility shutdowns due to operator error or a failure of equipment or processes;

Ÿ

 longer-than-anticipated maintenance outages; 

Ÿ

 older generating equipment may require significant expenditures to keep it operating at peak efficiency; 

Ÿ

 disruptions in the delivery of fuel or lack of adequate inventories; 

Ÿ

 lack of water for cooling plant operations; 

Ÿ

 labor disputes; 

Ÿ

 inability to comply with regulatory or permit requirements, including those relating to environmental contamination; 

Ÿ

 disruptions in the delivery of electricity, including impacts on us or our customers; 

Ÿ

 handling and storage of fossil-fuel combustion byproducts, such as coal ash; 

Ÿ

 unusual or adverse weather conditions, including severe storms, droughts, and floods; 

Ÿ

 a workplace accident that might result in injury or loss of life, extensive property damage, or environmental damage; 

Ÿ

 information security risk, such as a breach of systems where sensitive utility customer data and account information are stored; 

Ÿ

 catastrophic events such as fires, explosions, pandemic health events, or other similar occurrences; 

Ÿ

 limitations on amounts of insurance available to cover losses that might arise in connection with operating our electric generating, transmission, and
distribution facilities; and 

Ÿ

 other unanticipated operations and maintenance expenses and liabilities. 

We are subject to federal regulatory compliance and proceedings, which increase our risk of regulatory penalties and other sanctions.

The Energy Policy Act of 2005 increased FERC’s civil penalty authority for violation of FERC statutes, rules and orders. FERC
can now impose penalties of $1 million per violation per day. Under the Energy Policy Act of 2005, the Ameren Companies, as owners and operators of bulk power transmission systems and/or electric generation facilities, are subject to mandatory
reliability standards. Compliance with these mandatory reliability standards may subject the Ameren Companies to higher operating costs and may result in increased capital expenditures. If the Ameren Companies were found not to be in compliance with
these mandatory reliability standards or other FERC statutes, rules and orders, the Ameren Companies may incur substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions, which could adversely affect their results of operations, financial position, and
liquidity. 

Our natural gas distribution and storage activities involve numerous risks that may result in accidents and other
operating risks and costs that could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

Inherent in our natural gas distribution and storage activities are a variety of hazards and operating risks, such as leaks, accidental
explosions, and mechanical problems, which could cause substantial financial losses. In addition,

20 

Table of Contents

these risks could result in serious injury to employees and nonemployees, loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution and impairment of our operations, which in
turn could lead to substantial losses to us. In accordance with customary industry practice, we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses. The location of distribution lines and storage facilities near populated areas,
including residential areas, commercial business centers, industrial sites, and other public gathering places, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. The occurrence of any of these events not fully covered by insurance could
materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

Even though agreements have been reached
with the state of Missouri and the FERC, the breach of the upper reservoir of UE’s Taum Sauk pumped-storage hydroelectric facility could continue to have a material adverse effect on Ameren’s and UE’s results of operations, liquidity,
and financial condition. 

In December 2005, there was a breach of the upper reservoir at UE’s Taum Sauk pumped-storage
hydroelectric facility. This resulted in significant flooding in the local area, which damaged a state park. UE settled with FERC and the state of Missouri all issues associated with the December 2005 Taum Sauk incident. 

UE had property and liability insurance coverage for the Taum Sauk incident, subject to certain limits and deductibles. Insurance did not cover
some lost electric margins and penalties paid to FERC. UE believes that the total cost for cleanup, damage, and liabilities, excluding costs to rebuild the upper reservoir, is approximately $207 million, which is the amount UE paid as of
December 31, 2010. 

In June 2010, UE sued an insurance company that was providing UE with liability coverage on the date of the
Taum Sauk incident. In the litigation, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri, UE claimed the insurance company breached its duty to indemnify UE for the losses experienced from the incident. In January 2011, a federal
judge ruled that the parties must first pursue alternative dispute resolution under the terms of their coverage agreement. In February 2011, UE filed an appeal of the January ruling to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth District, which seeks
resolution outside of a dispute resolution process. 

Until Ameren’s remaining liability insurance claims and the related
litigation are resolved, among other things, we are unable to determine the total impact the breach could have on Ameren’s and UE’s results of operations, financial position, and liquidity beyond those amounts already recognized.

The recoverability of any Taum Sauk facility rebuild costs from customers is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
UE’s November 2007 state of

Missouri settlement agreement. In that settlement, UE agreed that it would not attempt to recover from ratepayers costs incurred in the reconstruction, expressly excluding, however, enhancements,
costs incurred due to circumstances or conditions that were not at that time reasonably foreseeable and costs that would have been incurred absent the Taum Sauk incident. Certain costs associated with the Taum Sauk facility not recovered from
property insurers may be recoverable from UE’s electric customers through rates established in rate cases filed subsequent to the in-service date of the rebuilt facility. As of December 31, 2010, UE had capitalized in property and plant
Taum Sauk-related costs of $89 million that UE believes qualify for recovery in electric rates under the terms of the November 2007 state of Missouri settlement agreement, and those costs were included in UE’s pending electric rate increase
request filed in September 2010. The inclusion of such costs in UE’s electric rates is subject to review and approval by the MoPSC. Any amounts not recovered in electric rates, or otherwise, could result in charges to earnings, which could be
material. 

Genco’s and AERG’s electric generating facilities must compete for the sale of energy and capacity, which
exposes them to price risks. 

All of Genco’s and AERG’s generating facilities compete for the sale of energy and capacity
in the competitive energy markets. 

To the extent that electricity generated by these facilities is not under a fixed-price contract to
be sold, the revenues and results of operations of these merchant subsidiaries generally depend on the prices that can be obtained for energy and capacity in Illinois and adjacent markets by Marketing Company. 

Market prices for energy and capacity may fluctuate substantially, sometimes over relatively short periods of time, and at other times experience
sustained increases or decreases. Demand for electricity and fuel can fluctuate dramatically, creating periods of substantial under- or over-supply. During periods of oversupply, prices might be depressed. Also, at times legislators or regulators
with jurisdiction over wholesale and retail energy commodity and transportation rates may impose price limitations, bidding rules, and other mechanisms to address volatility and other issues in these markets. 

For power products sold in advance, contract prices are influenced both by market conditions and by the contract terms such as damage provisions,
credit support requirements, and the number of available counterparties interested in contracting for the desired forward period. Depending on differences between market factors at the time of contracting versus current conditions, Marketing
Company’s contract portfolio may have average contract prices greater than or less than current market prices, including at the expiration of the contracts, which could significantly affect Ameren’s and Genco’s results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity. 

21 

Table of Contents

 Among the factors that could influence such prices (all of which are beyond our control to a
significant degree) are: 

Ÿ

 current and future delivered market prices for natural gas, fuel oil, and coal, and related transportation costs; 

Ÿ

 current and forward prices for the sale of electricity; 

Ÿ

 current and future prices for emission allowances that may be required to operate the fossil fuel-fired electric generating facilities in compliance with
environmental laws and permits; 

Ÿ

 the extent of additional supplies of electric energy from current competitors or new market entrants; 

Ÿ

 the regulatory and market structures developed for evolving Midwest energy markets; 

Ÿ

 changes enacted by the Illinois legislature, the ICC, the IPA, or other government agencies with respect to power procurement procedures;

Ÿ

 the potential for reregulation of generation in some states; 

Ÿ

 future pricing for, and availability of, services on transmission systems, and the effect of RTOs and export energy transmission constraints, which could limit
our ability to sell energy in our markets; 

Ÿ

 the growth rate in electricity usage as a result of population changes, regional economic conditions, and the implementation of energy-efficiency programs;

Ÿ

 climate conditions in the Midwest market and major natural disasters; and 

Ÿ

 environmental laws and regulations. 

UE’s ownership and operation of a nuclear generating facility creates business, financial, and waste disposal risks. 

UE’s ownership of the Callaway nuclear plant subjects it to the risks of nuclear generation, which include the following: 

Ÿ

 potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal of
radioactive materials; 

Ÿ

 the lack of a permanent waste storage site; 

Ÿ

 limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with the Callaway nuclear plant or other
U.S. nuclear operations; 

Ÿ

 uncertainties with respect to contingencies and assessment amounts if insurance coverage is inadequate; 

Ÿ

 public and governmental concerns over the adequacy of security at nuclear power plants; 

Ÿ

 uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives (UE’s facility
operating license for the Callaway nuclear plant expires in 2024); 

Ÿ

 limited availability of fuel supply; and 

Ÿ

 costly and extended outages for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance and refueling. 

The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety requirements for nuclear

generation facilities. In the event of noncompliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines or shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until
compliance is achieved. Revised safety requirements promulgated from time to time by the NRC could necessitate substantial capital expenditures at nuclear plants such as UE’s. In addition, if a serious nuclear incident were to occur, it could
have a material but indeterminable adverse effect on UE’s results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the operation or
relicensing of any domestic nuclear unit. An incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world also could cause the NRC to impose additional conditions or requirements on the industry, which could increase costs and result in additional capital
expenditures. 

Our energy risk management strategies may not be effective in managing fuel and electricity procurement and pricing
risks, which could result in unanticipated liabilities or increased volatility in our earnings and cash flows. 

We are exposed to
changes in market prices for natural gas, fuel, electricity, emission allowances, and transmission congestion. Prices for natural gas, fuel, electricity, and emission allowances may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of time, and
at other times exhibit sustained increases or decreases, and expose us to commodity price risk. We use short-term and long-term purchase and sales contracts in addition to derivatives such as forward contracts, futures contracts, options, and swaps
to manage these risks. We attempt to manage our risk associated with these activities through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. We cannot ensure that these strategies will be successful in managing our pricing
risk or that they will not result in net liabilities because of future volatility in these markets. 

Although we routinely enter into
contracts to hedge our exposure to the risks of demand and changes in commodity prices, we do not hedge the entire exposure of our operations from commodity price volatility. Furthermore, our ability to hedge our exposure to commodity price
volatility depends on liquid commodity markets. To the extent that commodity markets are illiquid, we may not be able to execute our risk management strategies, which could result in greater unhedged positions than we would prefer at a given time.
To the extent that unhedged positions exist, fluctuating commodity prices can adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

Our facilities are considered critical energy infrastructure and may therefore be targets of acts of terrorism. 

Like other electric and natural gas utilities and other merchant electric generators, our power generation plants, fuel storage facilities, and transmission and distribution facilities may be targets of terrorist
activities that could 

22 

Table of Contents

result in disruption of our ability to produce or distribute some portion of our energy products. Any such disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues or significant additional
costs for repair, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

Our
businesses are dependent on our ability to access the capital markets successfully. We may not have access to sufficient capital in the amounts and at the times needed. 

We use short-term and long-term debt as a significant source of liquidity and funding for capital requirements not satisfied by our operating cash flow, including requirements related to future environmental
compliance. As a result of rising costs and increased capital and operations and maintenance expenditures, coupled with regulatory lag, we expect to continue to rely on short-term and long-term debt financing. The inability to raise debt or equity
capital on favorable terms, or at all, particularly during times of uncertainty in the capital markets, could negatively affect our ability to maintain and to expand our businesses. Our current credit ratings cause us to believe that we will
continue to have access to the capital markets. However, events beyond our control, such as a recession or extreme volatility in global debt or equity capital and credit markets, may create uncertainty that could increase our cost of capital or
impair or eliminate our ability to access the debt, equity or credit markets, including our ability to draw on bank credit facilities. Any adverse change in the Ameren Companies’ credit ratings may reduce access to capital and trigger
additional collateral postings and prepayments. Such changes may also increase the cost of borrowing and fuel, power and gas supply, among other things, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and
liquidity. Certain of the Ameren Companies rely, in part, on Ameren for access to capital. Circumstances that limit Ameren’s access to capital, including those relating to its other subsidiaries, could impair its ability to provide those Ameren
Companies with needed capital. 

 Ameren’s holding company structure could limit its ability to pay common stock dividends
and to service its debt obligations. 

Ameren is a holding company; therefore, its primary assets are the common stock of its
subsidiaries. As a result, Ameren’s ability to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the earnings of its subsidiaries and the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise transfer funds to Ameren. Similarly, Ameren’s
ability to service its debt obligations is also dependent upon the earnings of operating subsidiaries and the distribution of those earnings and other payments, including payments of principal and interest under intercompany indebtedness. The
payment of dividends to Ameren by its subsidiaries in turn depends on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. Ameren’s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation,
contingent or otherwise, to pay any dividends or make any other distributions (except for payments required pursuant to the terms of intercompany borrowing arrangements) to Ameren. Certain of the Ameren Companies’ financing agreements and
articles of incorporation, in addition to certain statutory and regulatory requirements, may impose restrictions on the ability of such Ameren Companies to transfer funds to Ameren in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances. 

Failure to retain and attract key officers and other skilled professional and technical employees could have an adverse effect on our
operations. 

Our businesses depend upon our ability to employ and retain key officers and other skilled professional and technical
employees. A significant portion of our work force is nearing retirement, including many employees with specialized skills such as maintaining and servicing our electric and natural gas infrastructure and operating our generating units. Our
inability to retain and recruit qualified employees could adversely affect our results of operations.