Investors should review carefully the following risk
factors and the other information contained in this report. The risks that the Ameren Companies face are not limited to those in this section. There may be additional risks and uncertainties (either currently unknown or not currently believed to be
material) that could adversely affect the financial position, results of operations and liquidity of the Ameren Companies. See Forward-looking Statements and Outlook in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations under Part II, Item 7, of this report. 

14 

Table of Contents

The electric and gas rates that UE, CIPS, CILCO and IP are allowed to charge are determined through regulatory proceedings and are subject to legislative actions,
which are largely outside of their control. Any such events that prevent UE, CIPS, CILCO or IP from recovering their respective costs or from earning appropriate returns on their investments could have a material adverse effect on future results of
operations, financial position, or liquidity. 

The rates that UE, CIPS, CILCO and IP are allowed to charge for their services are an important
item influencing the results of operations, financial position, and liquidity of these companies and Ameren. The electric and gas utility industry is highly regulated. The regulation of the rates that utility customers are charged is determined, in
large part, by governmental entities, including the MoPSC, the ICC, and FERC. Decisions by these entities are influenced by many factors, including the cost of providing service, the quality of service, regulatory staff knowledge and experience,
economic conditions, public policy, and social and political views and are largely outside of our control. Decisions made by these entities could have a material adverse effect on results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 

UE, CIPS, CILCO and IP electric and gas utility rates are typically established in regulatory proceedings that take up to 11 months to complete. Rates
established in those proceedings are primarily based on historical costs, and they include an allowed return on investments by the regulator. 

Our
company, and the industry as a whole, is going through a period of rising costs and investments. The fact that rates at UE, CIPS, CILCO and IP are primarily based on historical costs means that these companies may not be able to earn the allowed
return established by their regulators (often referred to as regulatory lag). As a result, UE, CIPS, CILCO and IP expect to file more frequent rate cases. A period of increasing rates to our customers, especially during weak economic times, could
result in additional regulatory and legislative actions, as well as competitive and political pressures, that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 

We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations that require significant capital expenditures, can increase our operating costs, and may adversely
influence or limit our results of operations, financial position or liquidity or expose us to environmental fines and liabilities. 

We are
subject to various environmental laws and regulations enforced by federal, state and local authorities. From the beginning phases of siting and development to the ongoing operation of existing or new electric generating, transmission and
distribution facilities, natural gas storage plants, and natural gas transmission and distribution facilities, our activities involve compliance with diverse laws and regulations. These laws and regulations address noise, 

emissions, impacts to air and water, protected and cultural resources (such as wetlands, endangered species, and archeological and historical resources), and chemical
and waste handling. Complex and lengthy processes are required to obtain approvals, permits or licenses for new, existing or modified facilities. Additionally, the use and handling of various chemicals or hazardous materials (including wastes)
requires release prevention plans and emergency response procedures. 

Compliance with environmental laws and regulations can require significant
capital expenditures and operating costs. Actions required to ensure that our facilities are in compliance with environmental laws and regulations could be prohibitively expensive. As a result, we could be required to close or alter the operation of
our facilities, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

Failure to comply with
environmental laws and regulations may also result in the imposition of fines, penalties, and injunctive measures affecting operating assets. We are also subject to liability under environmental laws for remediating environmental contamination of
property now or formerly owned by us or by our predecessors, as well as property contaminated by hazardous substances that we generated. Such sites include MGP sites and third-party sites, such as landfills. Additionally, private individuals may
seek to enforce environmental laws and regulations against us and could allege injury from exposure to hazardous materials. 

About 85% of Ameren’s (UE – 77%, Genco – 99%, CILCO (through AERG) – 99%, EEI –
100%) generating capacity is coal-fired. The remaining electric generation comes from nuclear, gas-fired, hydroelectric, and oil-fired power plants. Federal and state laws require significant reductions in SO
2

, NO
x

 and mercury emissions from coal-fired plants. 

Ameren’s estimated capital costs through 2018, based on current technology, to comply with the federal Clean Air Interstate Rule and related state
implementation plans and the MPS as well as federal ambient air quality standards including ozone and fine particulates, and the federal Clean Air Visibility Rule range from $4.5 billion to $5.5 billion (UE – $2.2 billion to $2.6 billion; Genco
– $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, CILCO (through AERG) – $480 million to $590 million, EEI – $665 million to $830 million). In addition, the Ameren Companies could incur additional capital costs with respect to a MACT
standard for mercury emissions. The EPA is expected to move forward with a MACT standard for mercury emissions as the U.S. Supreme Court denied in February 2009 a petition to review a U.S. Court of Appeals decision that vacated the federal Clean Air
Mercury Rule. Further, with respect to the EPA’s enforcement initiative to determine whether modifications at a number of coal-fired power plants owned by electric utilities in the United States are subject to the New Source Review requirements
or New Source Performance Standards under the Clean Air Act, Ameren, UE, Genco, AERG and EEI could incur increased capital expenditures for 

15 

Table of Contents

the installation of control technology, increased operations and maintenance expenses, as well as fines or penalties. 

New environmental regulations, voluntary compliance guidelines, enforcement initiatives, or legislation could result in a significant increase in capital
expenditures and operating costs, decreased revenues, increased financing requirements, penalties, or closure of power plants for UE, Genco, AERG and EEI. Although costs incurred by UE would be eligible for recovery in rates over time, subject to
MoPSC approval in a rate proceeding, there is no similar mechanism for recovery of costs for Genco, AERG or EEI. We are unable to predict the ultimate impact of these matters on our results of operations, financial position or liquidity. 

Future limits on greenhouse gas emissions would likely require UE, Genco, CILCO (through AERG) and EEI to incur significant increases in capital
expenditures and operating costs, which, if excessive, could result in the closures of coal-fired generating plants or otherwise materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or liquidity. 

Future initiatives regarding greenhouse gas emissions and global warming are subject to active consideration in the U.S. Congress. In October 2008, the U.S. House
of Representatives, Energy and Commerce Committee, Subcommittee on Energy and Air Quality issued a “discussion draft” of climate legislation, which proposed establishing an economy-wide cap-and-trade program. The overarching goal of such
legislation is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to 6% below 2005 levels by 2020 and to 80% below 2005 levels by 2050. In addition, new leadership in the Energy and Commerce Committee is considering aggressive climate legislation. Finally,
President Obama supports an economy-wide cap-and-trade greenhouse gas reduction program that would reduce emissions to 1990 levels by 2020 and 80% below 1990 levels by 2050. President Obama has also indicated support for auctioning 100% of the
emission allowances to be distributed under the legislation. Although we cannot predict the date of enactment or the requirements of any global warming legislation or regulations, we believe it is likely that some form of federal greenhouse gas
legislation or regulations will become law during President Obama’s administration. 

As
a result of our diverse fuel portfolio, our contribution to greenhouse gases varies among our generating facilities, but coal-fired power plants are significant sources of CO
2

, a principal greenhouse gas. Ameren’s current analysis shows that under some policy scenarios being considered in the U.S. Congress, household costs and rates for electricity could rise significantly. The burden could fall
particularly hard on electricity consumers and the Midwest economy because of our region’s reliance on electricity generated by coal-fired power plants. Natural gas emits about half the amount of CO
2

 that coal emits when burned to produce electricity. As a result, economy-wide shifts favoring natural gas as a fuel source for electric generation could affect the cost of heating for our
utility customers and many industrial 

processes. Ameren believes that under some policy scenarios being considered by Congress, wholesale natural gas costs could rise significantly as well. Higher costs
for energy could contribute to reduced demand for both electricity and natural gas. 

Future initiatives regarding greenhouse gas emissions and
global warming may also be subject to the activities pursuant to the Midwest Greenhouse Gas Reduction Accord, an agreement signed by the governors of Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Wisconsin and Minnesota to develop a strategy to achieve energy
security and reduce greenhouse gas emissions through a cap-and-trade mechanism. It is expected that the advisory group to the Midwest governors will provide recommendations on the design of a greenhouse gas reduction program by the third quarter of
2009. However, it is uncertain whether legislation to implement the recommendations will be implemented or passed by any of the states, including Illinois. 

With regard to greenhouse gas regulation under existing law, in April 2007, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a
decision that the EPA has the authority to regulate CO
2

 and other greenhouse gases from automobiles as “air pollutants” under the Clean Air Act. This decision
was a result of a Bush Administration ruling denying a waiver request by the state of California to implement such regulations. The Supreme Court sent the case back to the EPA, which must conduct a rulemaking process to determine whether greenhouse
gas emissions contribute to climate change “which may reasonably be anticipated to endanger public health or welfare.” In July 2008, the EPA issued an advance notice of public rulemaking (ANPR) in response to the U.S. Supreme Court’s
directive. The ANPR solicited public comments on the benefits and ramifications of regulating greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act, and that rulemaking has not been completed. On February 12, 2009, the EPA announced its intent to reconsider
the decision under the Bush Administration denying the waiver to the state of California for regulating CO
2

 emissions from automobiles. On February 17, 2009, the
EPA also granted a petition for reconsideration filed by the Sierra Club to reexamine a December 2008 Bush Administration ruling that CO
2

 should not be regulated under
the Clean Air Act when issuing construction permits for power plants. These EPA actions will factor into the rulemaking process on the ANPR and could ultimately lead to regulation of CO
2

 from power plants. 

Future federal and state legislation or regulations that mandate limits on the emission of greenhouse
gases would result in significant increases in capital expenditures and operating costs, which, in turn, could lead to increased liquidity needs and higher financing costs. Excessive costs to comply with future legislation or regulations might force
UE, Genco, CILCO (through AERG) and EEI and other similarly situated electric power generators to close some coal-fired facilities and could lead to possible impairment of assets. As a result, mandatory limits could have a material adverse impact on
Ameren’s, UE’s, Genco’s, CILCO’s (through AERG) and EEI’s results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 

16 

Table of Contents

 The construction of, and capital improvements to, UE’s, CIPS’, CILCO’s and IP’s electric and gas utility infrastructure as well as to Genco’s, CILCO’s (through AERG) and EEI’s non-rate-regulated
generation facilities involve substantial risks. These risks include escalating costs, performance of the projects when completed and the ability to complete projects as scheduled, which could result in the closure of facilities and higher costs.

Over the next five years, the Ameren Companies will incur significant capital
expenditures for compliance with environmental regulations and to make significant investments in their electric and gas utility infrastructure and their non-rate-regulated generation facilities. The Ameren Companies estimate that they will incur up
to $10.4 billion (UE – up to $5.3 billion; CIPS – up to $565 million; Genco – up to $1.8 billion; CILCO (Illinois Regulated) – up to $415 million; CILCO (AERG) – up to $640 million; IP – up to $1.2 billion;
EEI – up to $385 million; Other – up to $160 million) of capital expenditures during the period 2009 through 2013. These expenses include construction expenditures, capitalized interest or allowance for funds used during construction,
and compliance with EPA and state regulations regarding SO
2

 and NO
x

 emissions and
mercury emissions from coal-fired power plants. Costs for these types of projects have escalated in recent years and are expected to either stay at current levels or further escalate. 

Investments in Ameren’s regulated operations are expected to be recoverable from ratepayers, but are subject to prudency reviews. The recoverability of
amounts expended in non-rate-regulated generation operations will depend on whether market prices for power adjust to reflect increased costs for generators. 

The ability of the Ameren Companies to complete facilities under construction successfully, and to complete future projects within established estimates, is contingent upon many variables and subject to substantial risks. These
variables include, but are not limited to, project management expertise and escalating costs for materials, labor, and environmental compliance. Delays in obtaining permits, shortages in materials and qualified labor, suppliers and contractors not
performing as required under their contracts, changes in the scope and timing of projects, the inability to raise capital on favorable terms, or other events beyond our control may occur that may materially affect the schedule, cost and performance
of these projects. With respect to capital spent for pollution control equipment, there is a risk that electric generating plants will not be permitted to continue to operate if pollution control equipment is not installed by prescribed deadlines or
does not perform as expected. Should any such construction efforts be unsuccessful, the Ameren Companies could be subject to additional costs and the loss of their investment in the project or facility. The Ameren Companies may also be required to
purchase additional electricity or natural gas for their customers until the projects are completed. All of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Ameren Companies’ results of operations, financial position, or liquidity.

 Our counterparties may not meet their obligations to us. 

We are exposed to the risk that counterparties to various arrangements who owe us money, energy, coal, or other commodities or services will not be able to perform their obligations or, with respect to our credit facilities, will fail to
honor their commitments. Should the counterparties to commodity arrangements fail to perform, we might be forced to replace or to sell the underlying commitment at then-current market prices. Should the lenders under our current credit facilities
fail to perform, the level of borrowing capacity under those arrangements would decrease unless we were able to find replacement lenders to assume the nonperforming lender’s commitment. In such an event, we might incur losses, or our results of
operations, financial position, or liquidity could otherwise be adversely affected. 

Certain of the Ameren Companies have obligations to other
Ameren Companies or other Ameren subsidiaries because of transactions involving energy, coal, other commodities, services, and because of hedging transactions. If one Ameren entity failed to perform under any of these arrangements, other Ameren
entities might incur losses. Their results of operations, financial position, or liquidity could be adversely affected, resulting in the nondefaulting Ameren entity being unable to meet its obligations to unrelated third-parties. Our hedging
activities are generally undertaken with a view to the Ameren-wide exposures. Some Ameren Companies may therefore be more or less hedged than if they were to engage in such hedging alone. 

Increasing costs associated with our defined benefit retirement plans, health care plans, and other employee- related benefits may adversely affect our results
of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 

We offer defined benefit and postretirement plans that cover substantially all of our
employees. Assumptions related to future costs, returns on investments, interest rates, and other actuarial matters have a significant impact on our earnings and funding requirements. Ameren expects to fund its pension plans at a level equal at
least to the pension expense. Based on Ameren’s assumptions at December 31, 2008, and reflecting this pension funding policy, Ameren expects to make annual contributions of $90 million to $200 million in each of the next five years.
We expect UE’s, CIPS’, Genco’s, CILCO’s, and IP’s portion of the future funding requirements to be 61%, 6%, 10%, 9%, and 14%, respectively. These amounts are estimates. They may change with actual investment performance,
changes in interest rates, any pertinent changes in government regulations, and any voluntary contributions. 

In addition to the costs of our
retirement plans, the costs of providing health care benefits to our employees and retirees have increased in recent years. We believe that our employee benefit costs, including costs of health care plans for our employees and former employees, will
continue to rise. The increasing costs and funding requirements associated with our defined benefit retirement plans, health care plans, and other employee benefits may adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity.

17 

Table of Contents

 Our electric generating, transmission and distribution facilities are subject to operational risks that could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity, and financial position. 

The Ameren Companies’ financial performance depends on the successful operation of electric generating, transmission, and distribution facilities. Operation
of electric generating, transmission, and distribution facilities involves many risks, including: 

Ÿ

 increased prices for fuel and fuel transportation; 

Ÿ

 facility shutdowns due to operator error or a failure of equipment or processes; 

Ÿ

 longer-than-anticipated maintenance outages; 

Ÿ

 disruptions in the delivery of fuel and lack of adequate inventories; 

Ÿ

 increased purchased power costs; 

Ÿ

 lack of water for cooling plant operations; 

Ÿ

 labor disputes; 

Ÿ

 inability to comply with regulatory or permit requirements, including environmental contamination; 

Ÿ

 disruptions in the delivery of electricity, including impacts on us or our customers; 

Ÿ

 increased capital expenditure requirements, including those due to environmental regulation; 

Ÿ

 handling and storage of fossil-fuel combustion waste products, such as coal ash; 

Ÿ

 unusual or adverse weather conditions, including severe storms, drought and floods; 

Ÿ

 a workplace accident that might result in injury or loss of life, extensive property damage or environmental damage; 

Ÿ

 information security risk, such as a breach of our systems on which sensitive utility customer data and account information are stored; 

Ÿ

 catastrophic events such as fires, explosions, or other similar occurrences; and 

Ÿ

 other unanticipated operations and maintenance expenses and liabilities. 

Even though agreements have been reached with the state of Missouri and the FERC, the breach of the upper reservoir of UE’s Taum Sauk pumped-storage hydroelectric facility could continue to have an adverse effect on
Ameren’s and UE’s results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition. 

In December 2005, there was a breach of the upper
reservoir at UE’s Taum Sauk pumped-storage hydroelectric facility. This resulted in significant flooding in the local area, which damaged a state park. 

UE has settled with the FERC and the state of Missouri all issues associated with the December 2005 Taum Sauk incident. Other parties have also claimed damages as a result of the incident. UE has begun rebuilding the upper reservoir at its
Taum Sauk plant. The estimated cost to rebuild the upper reservoir is in the range of $480 million. UE expects the Taum Sauk plant to be out of service through early 2010. 

 If UE must purchase power because
of the unavailability of the Taum Sauk facility during the rebuild of the upper reservoir, UE has committed to not seek recovery of these additional costs from ratepayers. The Taum Sauk incident is expected to reduce Ameren’s and UE’s 2009
pretax earnings by $15 million to $20 million, excluding any unreimbursed costs related to the incident or the rebuild, which are currently not expected. UE expects to realize higher-cost sources of power, reduced interchange sales, and increased
expenses, net of insurance reimbursement for replacement power costs. 

At this time, UE believes that substantially all damages and liabilities
caused by the breach, including costs related to the settlement agreement with the state of Missouri, the cost of rebuilding the plant, and the cost of replacement power, up to $8 million annually, will be covered by insurance. Insurance will not
cover lost electric margins and penalties. Under UE’s insurance policies, all claims by or against UE are subject to review by its insurance carriers. As a result of this breach, UE is engaged in litigation initiated by certain private parties
and the Department of the Army, Corp of Engineers. Until all litigation has been resolved and the insurance review is completed, among other things, we are unable to determine the total impact the breach may have on Ameren’s and UE’s
results of operations, financial position, or liquidity beyond those amounts already recognized. 

Genco’s, AERG’s, and EEI’s
electric generating facilities must compete for the sale of energy and capacity, which exposes them to price risks. 

All of Genco’s,
AERG’s, and EEI’s generating facilities compete for the sale of energy and capacity in the competitive energy markets. 

To the extent that
electricity generated by these facilities is not under a fixed-price contract to be sold, the revenues and results of operations of these non-rate-regulated subsidiaries generally depend on the prices that can be obtained for energy and capacity in
Illinois and adjacent markets. Among the factors that could influence such prices (all of which are beyond our control to a significant degree) are: 

Ÿ

 current and future delivered market prices for natural gas, fuel oil, and coal and related transportation costs; 

Ÿ

 current and forward prices for the sale of electricity; 

Ÿ

 the extent of additional supplies of electric energy from current competitors or new market entrants; 

Ÿ

 the regulatory and market structures developed for evolving Midwest energy markets; 

Ÿ

 changes enacted by the Illinois legislature, the ICC, the IPA or other government agencies with respect to power procurement procedures; 

Ÿ

 the potential for reregulation of generation in some states; 

Ÿ

 future pricing for, and availability of, services on transmission systems, and the effect of RTOs and export energy transmission constraints, which could limit our ability to
sell energy in our markets; 

18 

Table of Contents

Ÿ

 the growth rate in electricity usage as a result of population changes, regional economic conditions, and the implementation of conservation programs;

Ÿ

 climate conditions in the Midwest market; and 

Ÿ

 environmental laws and regulations. 

UE’s
ownership and operation of a nuclear generating facility creates business, financial, and waste disposal risks. 

UE owns the Callaway nuclear
plant, which represents about 12% of UE’s generation capacity and produced 19% of UE’s 2008 generation. Therefore, UE is subject to the risks of nuclear generation, which include the following: 

Ÿ

 potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive
materials; 

Ÿ

 the lack of a permanent waste storage site; 

Ÿ

 limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with UE or other U.S. nuclear operations;

Ÿ

 uncertainties with respect to contingencies and assessment amounts if insurance coverage is inadequate; 

Ÿ

 public and governmental concerns over the adequacy of security at nuclear power plants; 

Ÿ

 uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives (UE’s facility operating
license for the Callaway nuclear plant expires in 2024); 

Ÿ

 limited availability of fuel supply; and 

Ÿ

 costly and extended outages for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance and refueling. 

The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety requirements for nuclear generation facilities. In the event of noncompliance, the
NRC has the authority to impose fines, shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. Revised safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could necessitate substantial capital
expenditures at nuclear plants such as UE’s. In addition, if a serious nuclear incident were to occur, it could have a material but indeterminable adverse effect on UE’s results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. A major
incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the operation or relicensing of any domestic nuclear unit. 

Our energy risk management strategies may not be effective in managing fuel and electricity procurement and pricing risks, which could result in unanticipated liabilities or increased volatility in our earnings and cash flows.

We are exposed to changes in market prices for natural gas, fuel, electricity, emission allowances, and transmission congestion. Prices for
natural gas, fuel, electricity, and emission allowances may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of time and expose us to commodity 

price risk. We use short-term and long-term purchase and sales contracts in addition to derivatives such as forward contracts, futures contracts, options, and swaps to
manage these risks. We attempt to manage our risk associated with these activities through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. We cannot ensure that these strategies will be successful in managing our pricing risk
or that they will not result in net liabilities because of future volatility in these markets. 

Although we routinely enter into contracts to hedge
our exposure to the risks of demand and changes in commodity prices, we do not hedge the entire exposure of our operations from commodity price volatility. Furthermore, our ability to hedge our exposure to commodity price volatility depends on
liquid commodity markets. To the extent that commodity markets are illiquid, we may not be able to execute our risk management strategies, which could result in greater unhedged positions than we would prefer at a given time. To the extent that
unhedged positions exist, fluctuating commodity prices can adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 

Our
facilities are considered critical energy infrastructure and may therefore be targets of acts of terrorism. 

Like other electric and gas
utilities and other non-rate-regulated electric generators, our power generation plants, fuel storage facilities, and transmission and distribution facilities may be targets of terrorist activities that could result in disruption of our ability to
produce or distribute some portion of our energy products. Any such disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues or significant additional costs for repair, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial position, or liquidity. 

Our businesses are dependent on our ability to access the capital markets successfully. We may not have access
to sufficient capital in the amounts and at the times needed. 

The global capital and credit markets experienced extreme volatility and
disruption in 2008, and we expect those conditions to continue throughout 2009. Several factors have driven this situation, including deteriorating global economic conditions and the weakened condition of major financial institutions. The extreme
disruption in the financial markets has limited companies’, including the Ameren Companies’, ability to access the debt and equity capital markets as well as credit markets to support their operations and refinance debt, which has led to
higher financing costs compared to recent years. At December 31, 2008, the Ameren Companies had in place revolving bank credit facilities aggregating $2.15 billion, the size of which would be reduced if any of the participating banks fail to
honor their commitments. In total, 18 banks participated in these credit facilities. 

We use short-term and long-term debt as a significant source
of liquidity and funding for capital requirements not 

19 

Table of Contents

satisfied by our operating cash flow, including requirements related to future environmental compliance. As a result of rising costs and increased capital and
operations and maintenance expenditures, coupled with near-term regulatory lag, we expect to need more short-term and long-term debt financing. The inability to raise debt or equity capital on favorable terms, or at all, particularly during times of
uncertainty in the capital markets, could negatively affect our ability to maintain and to expand our businesses. Our current credit ratings cause us to believe that we will continue to have access to the capital markets. However, events beyond our
control, such as the extreme volatility and disruption in global debt or equity capital and credit markets in 2008 and 2009, may create uncertainty that could increase our cost of capital or impair, or eliminate, our ability to access the debt,
equity or credit markets, including the ability to draw on our bank credit facilities. Certain of the Ameren Companies rely, in part, on Ameren for access to capital. Circumstances that limit Ameren’s access to capital, including those relating
to its other subsidiaries, could impair its ability to provide those Ameren Companies with needed capital. 

The Ameren Companies have certain debt
that matures, and credit facilities that expire, in 2009 and 2010. Although we are actively developing plans and strategies to refinance or otherwise repay this debt and to renew or replace these credit facilities, we are unable to predict capital
market conditions, our access to the capital markets or the degree of success we will have in renewing or replacing any of the credit facilities and whether the size and terms of any new credit facilities will be comparable to the existing credit
facilities. 

Ameren’s and some of the Ameren Companies’ holding company structures could limit their ability to pay common stock
dividends, to service their respective debt obligations and to pay dividends on their outstanding preferred stock, as applicable. 

Ameren
is a holding company, and therefore, its primary assets are the common stock of its subsidiaries. As

a result, Ameren’s ability to pay dividends on its common
 stock depends on the earnings of its subsidiaries and the ability of its subsidiaries to
pay dividends or otherwise transfer funds to Ameren. Similarly, Ameren’s and some of the Ameren Companies’ ability to service their respective debt obligations and to pay dividends on their respective preferred stock are also dependent
upon the earnings of operating subsidiaries and the distribution of those earnings and other payments, including payments of principal and interest under intercompany indebtedness. The payment of dividends to Ameren by its subsidiaries in turn
depends on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. Ameren’s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any dividends or make any
other distributions (except for payments required pursuant to the terms of intercompany borrowing arrangements) to Ameren. Certain of the Ameren Companies’ financing agreements and articles of incorporation, in addition to certain statutory and
regulatory requirements, may impose certain restrictions on the ability of such Ameren Companies to transfer funds to Ameren in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances. 

Failure to retain and attract key officers and other skilled professional and technical employees could have an adverse effect on our operations.

Our businesses depend upon our ability to employ and retain key officers and other skilled professional and technical employees. A significant
portion of our workforce is nearing retirement, including many employees with specialized skills such as maintaining and servicing our electric and natural gas infrastructure and operating our generating units. Our inability to retain and recruit
qualified employees could adversely affect our results of operations.