The electric and gas rates that certain Ameren Companies are allowed to charge in
Missouri and Illinois are largely set through 2006. These “rate freezes,” along with other actions of lawmakers and regulators that can significantly adversely affect our prospective earnings, liquidity, or business activities, are largely
outside our control. 

The rates that certain Ameren Companies are allowed to charge for their services are the single most important item
influencing the results of operations, financial position, and liquidity of the Ameren Companies. Our industry is highly regulated. The regulation of the rates that we charge our customers is determined, in large part, by governmental entities
outside of our control, including the MoPSC, the ICC, and FERC. Decisions made by these entities could have a material adverse impact on our business including our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 

As a part of the settlement of UE’s Missouri electric rate case in 2002, UE is subject to a rate moratorium that prohibits changes in its electric rates in
Missouri before July 1, 2006, with limited statutory and other exceptions. Furthermore, as part of the settlement of UE’s Missouri gas rate case, which was approved by the MoPSC in January 2004, UE agreed to make no changes in its gas
delivery rates prior to July 1, 2006, with certain exceptions. In accordance with the August 2002 MoPSC order, UE submitted a confidential cost of electric service study to the MoPSC Staff and others in December 2005, which was based on a test
year of the twelve months ending June 30, 2005. This submission did not constitute an electric rate adjustment request, and UE has not decided when it will file to adjust electric rates in Missouri. Several factors will affect the decision,
including determining the appropriate test year to use in a potential rate filing to set future rates, economic and energy market conditions, expected generating plant additions, and fuel, purchased power, and environmental cost recovery mechanisms,
among other things. The MoPSC staff and other stakeholders will review UE’s cost-of-service study and, after their analyses, may also make recommendations as to electric rate adjustments. Generally, a proceeding to change rates in Missouri
could take up to 11 months. 

The ICC order approving Ameren’s acquisition of IP prohibited IP from filing for any increase in gas delivery
rates effective before January 1, 2007, beyond IP’s then-pending request for a gas delivery rate increase. In addition, a 
provision of the Illinois Customer Choice Law related to the restructuring of the
Illinois electric industry put a rate freeze into effect through January 1, 2007, for CIPS, CILCO and IP. This Illinois legislation also requires that 50% of the earnings from each respective jurisdiction in excess of certain levels be refunded
to CIPS’, CILCO’s and IP’s Illinois customers through 2006. In January 2006, the ICC approved a framework for CIPS, CILCO and IP to procure power for use by their customers in 2007 through an auction and related tariffs. This approval
is subject to rehearing and appeal. In addition, certain Illinois legislators, the Illinois attorney general, the Illinois governor, and other parties have sought and continue to seek to block the power procurement auction and/or the recovery,
through rates to customers, of related costs for power supply resulting from the auction. Any decision or action that impairs CIPS’, CILCO’s and IP’s ability to fully recover purchased power costs from their electric customers in a
timely manner could result in material adverse consequences for these companies and for Ameren, including a significant drop in credit ratings (possibly to below investment-grade status), a loss of access to the capital markets, higher borrowing
costs, higher power supply costs, an inability to make timely energy infrastructure investments, impaired customer service, job losses, and financial insolvency. See the Credit Ratings section in Liquidity and Capital Resources in Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Part II, Item 7 of this report for a discussion of the credit rating changes recently issued in response to actions in Illinois. 

The Illinois legislature held hearings in 2005 and 2006 regarding the framework for retail rate determination and power procurement. In February 2006, legislation
was introduced that would extend the electric rate freeze in Illinois through 2010. We cannot predict what actions, if any, the Illinois legislature may ultimately take. Any decision or action that impairs CIPS’, CILCO’s and IP’s
ability to fully recover purchased power costs from their electric customers in a timely manner could result in material adverse consequences for these companies and for Ameren. CIPS, CILCO and IP have indicated to stakeholders in Illinois that they
would be willing to consider a rate increase phase-in plan for residential customers if such plan allowed for full and timely recovery of all costs and did not result in further reductions in credit ratings from December 31, 2005 levels. We
believe a rate increase phase-in plan, with full and timely recovery of any deferred costs, would require legislation in Illinois. 

Ameren, CIPS,
CILCO and IP will continue to explore a number of legal and regulatory actions, strategies and alternatives to address these Illinois electric issues. There can be no assurance that Ameren and the Ameren Illinois utilities will prevail over the
stated opposition by certain Illinois legislators, the Illinois attorney general, the Illinois governor and other stakeholders, or that the legal and 

17 

Table of Contents

regulatory actions, strategies and alternatives that Ameren and the Ameren Illinois utilities are considering will be successful. 

In December 2005, the Ameren Illinois utilities filed with the ICC proposed new tariffs that would increase revenues from electric delivery services, effective
January 2, 2007, based on a proposed residential rate phase-in plan, by $156 million (CIPS – $14 million, CILCO – $33 million, IP – $109 million) per year commencing in 2007 and an additional $46 million (CILCO – $10
million, IP – $36 million) per year commencing in 2008. These proposed tariffs are subject to approval of, and reduction by, the ICC, which is expected to rule by November 2006. We cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings. 

As a part of the settlement of UE’s Missouri electric rate case in 2002, UE undertook to use commercially reasonable efforts to make critical energy
infrastructure investments of $2.25 billion to $2.75 billion from January 1, 2002, through June 30, 2006. Ameren also committed IP to make between $275 million and $325 million in energy infrastructure investments over its first two years
of ownership, in conjunction with the ICC’s approval of Ameren’s acquisition of IP. UE’s agreement to a rate moratorium in Missouri and CIPS’, CILCO’s and IP’s rate freezes mean that capital expenditures will not become
recoverable in rates and will not earn a return before at least July 1, 2006, for UE and January 2, 2007, for CIPS, CILCO and IP. In the current climate of rate reductions and rate moratoriums, any new energy infrastructure and new
programs could result in increased financing requirements for UE, CIPS, CILCO and IP. This could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

As of December 31, 2005, the Ameren Companies did not have, in either Missouri or Illinois, a rate adjustment clause for their electric operations that would
allow them to recover the costs for purchased power or increased fuel costs from customers. Therefore, in so far as we have not hedged our fuel and power costs, we are exposed to changes in fuel and power prices to the extent that fuel for our
electric generating facilities and power must be purchased on the open market. See the Outlook section in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Part II, Item 7, and Note 3 – Rate
and Regulatory Matters to our financial statements under Part II, Item 8, of this report for a discussion of Missouri legislation enabling a fuel and purchased power adjustment clause and an ICC order allowing for the recovery of power costs,
effective January 2, 2007. 

Steps taken and being considered at the federal and state levels continue to change the structure of the electric
industry and utility regulation. At the federal level, FERC has 
been mandating changes in the regulatory framework for transmission-owning public utilities such as UE, CIPS, CILCO and IP. 

Principally because of rate reductions and rate moratoriums that affect certain Ameren Companies, increased costs and investments have caused decreased returns in
Ameren’s distribution utility businesses. See Note 3 – Rate and Regulatory Matters to our financial statements under Part II, Item 8, of this report. In response to competitive, economic, political, legislative and regulatory
pressures, we may be subject to further rate moratoriums, rate refunds, limits on rate increases or rate reductions, including phase-in plans. Any or all of these could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations, financial
position, or liquidity. 

Increased federal and state environmental regulation will require UE, Genco, CILCO (primarily through AERG) and EEI to
incur large capital expenditures and to increase operating costs. 

About 61% of Ameren’s generating capacity is coal-fired. The rest is
nuclear, gas-fired, hydroelectric, and oil-fired. In May 2005, the EPA issued final regulations with respect to SO
2

, NO
x

, and mercury emissions from coal-fired power plants. The new rules require significant additional reductions in these emissions from UE, Genco,
AERG and EEI power plants in phases, beginning in 2009. Preliminary estimates of capital compliance costs for Ameren, UE, Genco and AERG range from $2.1 billion to $2.9 billion by 2016. 

State regulators are required to submit state implementation plans for SO
2

, NO
x

 and mercury emissions controls in 2006. In January 2006, the governor of Illinois recommended that the
Illinois EPA adopt rules for limitations on mercury emissions which would be significantly stricter than the federal rules. The drafting of state rules is still in its early stages, but should stricter rules be adopted, they would change the overall
environmental compliance strategy for UE’s, Genco’s, AERG’s and EEI’s coal-fired power plants and increase related costs from previous estimates. 

Future initiatives regarding greenhouse gas emissions and global warming continue to be the subject of much debate. As a result of our diverse fuel portfolio, our contribution to greenhouse gases varies among our generating
facilities. Coal-fired power plants, however, are significant sources of carbon dioxide, a principal greenhouse gas. The related Kyoto Protocol was signed by the United States but has since been rejected by the president, who instead has asked for
an 18% decrease in carbon intensity 

18 

Table of Contents

on a voluntary basis. In response to the administration’s request, six electric power sector trade associations, including the Edison Electric Institute, of which
Ameren is a member, and the TVA, signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the DOE in December 2004 calling for a 3% to 5% voluntary decrease in carbon intensity by the utility sector between 2002 and 2012. Currently, Ameren is considering
various initiatives to comply with the MOU, including increased generation at our nuclear and hydroelectric power plants, increased efficiency measures at our coal-fired units, and investing in renewable energy and carbon sequestration projects.

The EPA has been conducting an enforcement initiative to determine whether modifications at a number of coal-fired power plants owned by electric
utilities in the United States are subject to New Source Review requirements or New Source Performance Standards under the Clean Air Act. The EPA’s inquiries focus on whether the best available emission control technology was or should have
been used at such power plants when major maintenance or capital improvements were made. 

In April 2005, Genco received a request from the EPA for
information pursuant to Section 114(a) of the Clean Air Act, seeking detailed operating and maintenance history data with respect to its Meredosia, Hutsonville, Coffeen and Newton facilities, EEI’s Joppa facility, and AERG’s E.D.
Edwards and Duck Creek facilities. All of these facilities are coal-fired plants. The information request requires Genco to respond to specific EPA questions about certain projects and maintenance activities in order to determine its compliance with
certain Illinois air pollution and emissions rules and with the New Source Performance Standards required by the Clean Air Act. This information request is being complied with, but we cannot predict the outcome of this matter. 

We are unable to predict the ultimate effect of any new environmental regulations, voluntary compliance guidelines, enforcement initiatives, or legislation on our
results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. Any of these factors could result in a significant increase in capital expenditures, penalties and operating costs for UE, Genco, CILCO (primarily through AERG) and EEI. Therefore, such
factors could also result in increased financing requirements for these Ameren companies. Although costs incurred by UE would be eligible for recovery in rates over time, subject to MoPSC approval in a rate proceeding, there is no similar mechanism
for recovery of costs by Genco, AERG or EEI in Illinois. 

UE’s, CIPS’, CILCO’s and IP’s participation in the MISO could
continue to increase costs, reduce revenues, and reduce UE’s, CIPS’, CILCO’s and IP’s control over their transmission assets. Genco could also 

incur increased costs or reduced revenues by
its participation in the MISO Day Two Energy Market. 

On May 1, 2004, functional control of the UE and CIPS transmission systems was
transferred to the MISO. On September 30, 2004, IP transferred functional control of its transmission system to the MISO. CILCO had transferred functional control of its transmission system to the MISO before its acquisition by Ameren. UE,
CIPS, CILCO and IP may be required to incur expenses or expand their transmission systems according to decisions made by MISO rather than according to their internal planning process. See Note 3 – Rate and Regulatory Matters, to our financial
statements under Part II, Item 8, of this report. 

The MISO Day Two Energy Market, which began operation on April 1, 2005, is designed to
improve transparency of power pricing and efficiency in generation dispatch. This is a new and complex market, which has incurred significant price volatility and suboptimal dispatching of power plants. In addition, the sale of power in this
market-based environment has resulted in unanticipated transmission congestion and other settlement charges. 

Until we achieve a greater degree of
operational experience participating in the MISO, including the MISO Day Two Energy Market, there is considerable uncertainty as to the impact of our MISO participation. In addition, there is uncertainty regarding whether we will continue to
participate in MISO, as well as the impact of ongoing RTO developments at FERC. We are unable to predict the impact these issues could have on our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 

Increasing costs associated with our defined benefit retirement plans, health care plans, and other employee-related benefits may adversely affect our results
of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 

We offer defined benefit and postretirement plans that cover substantially all of our
employees. Assumptions related to future costs, returns on investments, interest rates, and other actuarial assumptions have a significant impact on our earnings and funding requirements. At December 31, 2005, assuming continuation of the
recently expired federal interest rate relief beyond 2006, we do not expect future contributions to be required to maintain minimum funding levels for Ameren’s pension plans until 2011, at which time we would expect a required contribution
of $100 million to $150 million. If federal interest rate relief is not continued in its most recent form, $200 million to $300 million may be needed in 2009 to 2010 based on other recent federal legislative proposals. In the meantime, we may
continue our practice of making voluntary contributions to maintain more prudent funded levels than minimally required. These 

19 

Table of Contents

amounts are estimates; they may change with actual stock market performance, changes in interest rates, or any changes in government regulations. 

In addition to the costs of our retirement plans, the costs of providing health care benefits to our employees and retirees have increased substantially in recent
years. We believe that our employee benefit costs, including costs of health care plans for our employees and former employees, will continue to rise. The increasing costs and funding requirements associated with our defined benefit retirement
plans, health care plans, and other employee benefits may adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 

UE’s, Genco’s, CILCO’s, AERG’s, Medina Valley’s and EEI’s electric generating facilities are subject to operational risks that could result in unscheduled plant outages, unanticipated operation and
maintenance expenses, liability and increased purchased power costs. 

UE, Genco, CILCO, AERG, Medina Valley, and EEI own and operate coal,
nuclear, gas-fired, hydroelectric, and oil-fired generating facilities. Operation of electric generating facilities involves certain risks that can adversely affect energy output and efficiency levels. Among these risks are: 

•

increased prices for fuel and fuel transportation; 

•

facility shutdowns due to a failure of equipment or processes or operator error; 

•

longer-than-anticipated maintenance outages; 

•

disruptions in the delivery of fuel and lack of adequate inventories; 

•

labor disputes; 

•

inability to comply with regulatory or permit requirements; 

•

disruptions in the delivery of electricity; 

•

increased capital expenditure requirements, including those due to environmental regulation; 

•

unusual or adverse weather conditions; and 

•

catastrophic events such as fires, explosions, floods or other similar occurrences affecting electric generating facilities. 

The breach of the upper reservoir of UE’s Taum Sauk pumped-storage hydroelectric facility could have an adverse effect on Ameren’s and UE’s
results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition. 

In December 2005, there was a breach of the upper reservoir at UE’s Taum Sauk
pumped-storage hydroelectric facility. This resulted in significant flooding in the local area, which damaged a state park. This incident is being investigated by FERC and state authorities. As a result, the 
facility will remain out of service until after these reviews are concluded, further analyses are completed and input is received from key stakeholders as to how and whether to rebuild the facility. In 2005, the Taum Sauk facility provided
587,000 megawatthours of electricity. 

As a result of this breach, UE may be subject to litigation by private parties or by state or federal
authorities. To the extent that UE needs to purchase power due to the unavailability of the Taum Sauk facility, there is the risk that UE will not be permitted to recover these additional costs from ratepayers. The Taum Sauk incident is expected to
reduce Ameren’s and UE’s 2006 pretax earnings by $20 million to $35 million as a result of the need to use higher cost sources of power, reduced interchange sales and increased expenses. In addition, there is also the risk that UE
will not be permitted to rebuild the Taum Sauk facility upper reservoir and be required to immediately expense its remaining investment in the plant of $56 million. At this time, UE believes that substantially all of the damage and liabilities
caused by the breach will be covered by insurance. Under UE’s insurance policies, all claims by UE are subject to review by its insurance carriers. Until the reviews conducted by experts hired by UE and state and federal authorities have
concluded, the insurance review is completed, and future regulatory treatment for the plant is determined, among other things, we are unable to determine the entire impact the breach may have on Ameren’s and UE’s results of operations,
financial position, or liquidity. 

A substantial portion of Genco’s and CILCO’s generating capacity is committed under affiliate
contracts that expire at the end of 2006. Upon expiration of these contracts, Genco’s and CILCO’s electric generating facilities must compete for the sale of energy and capacity, which exposes them to price risk. With the expiration of its
power supply contract with affiliates on December 31, 2005, EEI’s electric generating facilities are competing for the sale of energy and capacity, which exposes EEI to price risk. 

As of December 31, 2005, Genco and CILCO (through AERG) owned 4,200 megawatts and 1,100 megawatts, respectively, of non-rate-regulated electric generating
facilities. Of these non-rate-regulated electric generating facilities, about 3,300 megawatts are under full-requirements contracts with our affiliates for 2006. During 2006, most of Genco’s and AERG’s other wholesale and retail electric
power supply agreements will also expire. As a result, Genco and AERG will be required to compete for the sale of energy and capacity after the expiration of these agreements. 

As of December 31, 2005, EEI owned 1,055 megawatts of non-rate-regulated electric generating facilities, of which Ameren’s share was 844 megawatts. On
December 31, 

20 

Table of Contents

2005, EEI’s power supply contract with its affiliates, including UE, CIPS and IP, expired. All of EEI’s generating capacity is now competing for the sale of
energy and capacity. 

In January 2006, the ICC approved a process that will allow CIPS, CILCO and IP to procure power through an auction monitored by
the ICC after the current Illinois rate freeze and power supply contracts end in 2006. Genco and AERG, through Marketing Company, would probably participate in this auction, but with an ICC-mandated maximum of 35% on the amount of power that could
be supplied to Ameren’s Illinois utilities. See Note 3 – Rate and Regulatory Matters to our financial statements under Part II, Item 8, of this report for a discussion of the proceedings related to this power procurement auction
process and the pending opposition to this process. 

To the extent that electric capacity generated by these facilities is not under contract to be
sold, the revenues and results of operations of these non-rate-regulated subsidiaries will generally depend on the prices that they can obtain for energy and capacity in Illinois and adjacent markets. Among the factors that could influence such
prices (all of which are beyond our control to a significant degree) are: 

•

the current and future market prices for natural gas, fuel oil, and coal; 

•

current and forward prices for the sale of electricity; 

•

the extent of additional supplies of electric energy from current competitors or new market entrants; 

•

the pace of deregulation in our market area and the expansion of deregulated markets; 

•

the regulatory and pricing structures developed for evolving Midwest energy markets and the pace at which regional markets for energy and capacity develop outside of bilateral contracts;

•

future pricing for, and availability of, services on transmission systems, and the effect of RTOs and export energy transmission constraints, which could limit our ability to sell energy in
markets adjacent to Illinois; 

•

the growth rate in electricity usage as a result of population changes, regional economic conditions, and the implementation of conservation programs; and 

•

climate conditions in the Midwest market. 

UE, CIPS and Genco are parties
to an agreement to jointly dispatch power. Modification or termination of this agreement could result in the transfer of electric margins from Genco to UE and the reduction of electric margins at Ameren. 

Genco and UE have an agreement to dispatch their generating facilities jointly. Recently completed, ongoing or future federal and state regulatory proceedings and
policies 
may evolve in ways that could affect Genco’s and UE’s ability to participate in this affiliate arrangement on current terms. For example, as a result of the MoPSC order approving the transfer of
UE’s Illinois service territory to CIPS, the provision in the joint dispatch agreement which determines the allocation between UE and Genco of margins or profits from short-term sales of excess generation to third parties must be modified.
Specifically, the MoPSC order required an amendment so that margins on third-party short-term power sales would be allocated between UE and Genco based on generation output, not on load requirements, as the agreement had provided. In compliance with
the MoPSC order, UE, CIPS and Genco on January 9, 2006, filed this amendment to the joint dispatch agreement with FERC. This amendment was to become effective January 10, 2006, subject to acceptance and approval by FERC. If this allocation
change had been effective in 2005, it probably would have resulted in a transfer of electric margins from Genco to UE of $35 million to $45 million. 

The Missouri OPC intervened in the FERC proceeding and requested that the joint dispatch agreement be further amended to price all transfers at market prices rather than incremental cost, which could transfer additional electric margins
from Genco to UE. In February 2006, UE, CIPS and Genco made a filing with FERC opposing the Missouri OPC’s position. Should FERC, or the MoPSC in some future ratemaking proceeding, require that transfers under the joint dispatch agreement be
priced at market, an evaluation of the continued benefits of the joint dispatch agreement would have to be made by UE, CIPS and Genco. Depending on the outcome of the evaluations, one or more of these companies may decide to terminate the agreement.
UE, CIPS and Genco have the right to terminate this agreement with one year’s notice, unless terminated earlier by mutual consent. 

In 2005,
Genco received net transfers of 9.3 million megawatthours of power from UE. Genco sold 3.5 million megawatthours of power to UE, generating revenue of $74 million, and purchased 12.8 million megawatthours from UE at a cost of
$215 million. While it cannot be predicted what level of power purchases and sales will occur between the two companies in the future, UE and Genco believe that under normal operating conditions, the level of net transfers under the joint dispatch
agreement from UE to Genco will decline in 2006 from 2005 levels, which was a historical high, due to less excess generation being available at UE. This is expected to result from greater native load demand in 2006 at UE, resulting from the addition
of Noranda as a customer in June 2005 and continued organic growth, and the expiration of a cost-based EEI power supply contract with UE, among other things. A cost-based EEI power supply contract with CIPS (which had been assigned to Genco through
Marketing Company) also expired on December 31, 2005. CIPS load previously served by EEI and additional 

21 

Table of Contents

CIPS load created by the transfer of UE’s Illinois service territory to CIPS in May 2005 is being served by other available Genco resources, including the joint
dispatch agreement, beginning January 1, 2006. 

By the end of 2006, Genco’s electric power supply agreements with its primary customer, CIPS
(through Marketing Company), and most of its wholesale and retail customers will expire. Strategies for participation in the expected CIPS, CILCO and IP September 2006 power procurement auction, and for sales to other customers for 2006 and beyond
are currently being developed and implemented. In the event the joint dispatch agreement is terminated or amended to price all transfers at market prices, the amount of generation available to Genco from its own power plants will determine the
amount of power it will offer into the power procurement auction and to wholesale, retail and interchange customers. As a result, we would expect future sales volumes from Genco to be lower than prior years, and related fuel and purchased power
costs to increase. However, Genco believes that future sales may be contracted at higher prices since the power supply agreement between CIPS and Genco and substantially all of the other wholesale and retail contracts that expire in 2006 are below
market prices for similar contracts in early 2006. Due to all of these factors, the ultimate impact of the potential changes to Genco’s results of operations, financial position, and liquidity are unable to be determined at this time; however,
the impact could be material. 

If the joint dispatch agreement did not exist or was amended to price all transfers at market prices, UE may be able
to retain the net transfers of power that are currently going to Genco under the joint dispatch agreement and could sell this power in the interchange market at market prices, instead of incremental cost. At certain times, UE may also be required to
use power from its own higher-cost power plants or purchase power to meet its load requirements. The margin impact to UE of the potential termination of the joint dispatch agreement or amendment to price all transfers at market prices has not been
quantified, but UE believes it would significantly increase its electric margins. Any increase in UE’s electric margins as a result of actual or imputed changes to the joint dispatch agreement would likely result in a decrease in UE’s
revenue requirements in its next rate adjustment proceeding. The ultimate ratemaking treatment for the joint dispatch agreement will be determined in a future rate proceeding. 

While UE’s and Genco’s results of operations, financial position, and liquidity could be materially impacted by these proposed amendments, the amendment
or termination of the joint dispatch agreement would not have a material impact on CIPS. Further, Ameren’s earnings would be unaffected until electric rates for UE are adjusted by the MoPSC to 
reflect the
impact of the proposed amendments or other changes to the joint dispatch agreement. Ameren, UE, CIPS and Genco cannot predict whether FERC will approve their proposed amendment or the Missouri OPC’s proposed amendment to the joint dispatch
agreement, or whether any additional actions may be taken by FERC or the MoPSC in this matter. The ultimate impact of the Missouri OPC’s proposed amendment, or the amendment proposed by UE, CIPS and Genco in the existing FERC proceeding, will
be determined by whether the joint dispatch agreement continues to exist, future native load demand, the availability of electric generation at UE and Genco and market prices, among other things. See Note 3 – Rate and Regulatory Matters and
Note 14 – Related Party Transactions to our financial statements under Part II, Item 8 of this report for a further discussion of the joint dispatch agreement. 

UE’s ownership and operation of a nuclear generating facility creates business, financial, and waste disposal risks. 

UE owns the Callaway nuclear plant, which represents about 12% of UE’s generation capacity. Therefore, UE is subject to the risks of nuclear generation, which
include the following: 

•

potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials;

•

limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with UE’s nuclear operations or those of others in the United
States; 

•

uncertainties with respect to contingencies and assessment amounts if insurance coverage is inadequate; 

•

increased public and governmental concerns over the adequacy of security at nuclear power plants; 

•

uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives (UE’s facility operating license for the
Callaway nuclear plant expires in 2024); 

•

limitations on the number of fuel suppliers; and 

•

costly and extended outages for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance. 

The
NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety requirements for nuclear generation facilities. In the event of noncompliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines, shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its
assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. Revised safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could necessitate substantial capital expenditures at nuclear plants such as 

22 

Table of Contents

UE’s. In addition, if a serious nuclear incident were to occur, it could have a material but indeterminable adverse effect on UE’s results of operations,
financial position, or liquidity. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the operation or relicensing of any domestic nuclear unit. 

UE’s Callaway nuclear plant’s next scheduled refueling and maintenance outage is in 2007. During an outage, which occurs approximately every 18 months,
maintenance and purchased power costs increase, and the amount of excess power available for sale decreases, compared to non-outage years. 

Operating
performance at UE’s Callaway nuclear plant has resulted in unscheduled or extended outages, including the extension of Callaway’s scheduled refueling and maintenance outage in 2004. In addition, Ameren and UE incurred significant
unanticipated replacement power and maintenance costs. The operating performance at UE’s Callaway nuclear plant has declined both in comparison with its past operating performance and with the operating performance of other nuclear plants in
the United States. Ameren and UE are actively working to address the factors that led to the decline in Callaway’s operating performance. Management and supervision of operating personnel, equipment reliability, maintenance worker practices,
engineering performance, and overall organizational effectiveness have been reviewed, with some actions taken and other actions currently under consideration. However, Ameren and UE cannot predict whether such efforts will result in an overall
improvement of operations at Callaway. Any actions taken are expected to result in incremental operating costs at Callaway. Further, additional unscheduled or extended outages at Callaway could have a material adverse effect on the results of
operations, financial position, or liquidity of Ameren and UE. 

Our energy risk management strategies may not be effective in managing fuel and
electricity pricing risks, which could result in unanticipated liabilities or increased volatility in our earnings. 

We are exposed to changes in
market prices for natural gas, fuel, electricity, emission credits and transmission congestion. Prices for natural gas, fuel, electricity, and emission credits may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of time and expose us to
commodity price risk. We use long-term purchase and sales contracts in addition to derivatives such as forward contracts, futures contracts, options, and swaps to manage these risks. We attempt to manage our risk associated with these activities
through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. We cannot ensure that these strategies will be successful in managing our pricing risk, or that they will not result in net liabilities because of future volatility in
these markets. 

Although we routinely enter into contracts to hedge our
exposure to the risks of demand, market effects of weather, and changes in commodity prices, we do not hedge the entire exposure of our operations from commodity price volatility. Furthermore, our ability to hedge our exposure to commodity price
volatility depends on liquid commodity markets. To the extent that commodity markets are illiquid, we may not be able to execute our risk management strategies, which could result in greater unhedged positions than we would prefer at a given time.
To the extent that unhedged positions exist, fluctuating commodity prices can adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 

Our counterparties may not meet their obligations to us. 

We are exposed to the risk that counterparties who owe us money, energy,
coal or other commodities or services will not be able to perform their obligations. Should the counterparties to these arrangements (which include agreements with a subsidiary of Dynegy and others to supply electricity to IP during 2006) fail to
perform, we might be forced to replace the underlying commitment at then-current market prices. In such event, we might incur losses in addition to the amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. 

Our facilities are considered critical energy infrastructure and may therefore be targets of acts of terrorism. 

Like other electric and gas utilities, our power generation plants, fuel storage facilities, and transmission and distribution facilities may be targets of
terrorist activities that could result in disruption of our ability to produce or distribute some portion of our energy products. Any such disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues or significant additional costs to repair, which
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. 

Our businesses are dependent on our ability
to access the capital markets successfully. We may not have access to sufficient capital in the amounts and at the times needed. 

We use
short-term and long-term capital markets as a significant source of liquidity and funding for capital requirements, including those related to future environmental compliance, not satisfied by our operating cash flows. The inability to raise capital
on favorable terms, particularly during times of uncertainty in the capital markets, could negatively affect our ability to maintain and expand our businesses. Our current credit ratings cause us to believe that we will continue to have access to
the capital markets. However, events 

23 

Table of Contents

beyond our control may create uncertainty that could increase our cost of capital or impair our ability to access the capital markets. See the Credit Ratings section
in Liquidity and Capital Resources in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Part II, Item 7, of this report for a discussion of recent credit rating changes in response to actions in
Illinois with respect to the matter of power procurement commencing in 2007.