. 

Investors should review carefully the following risk factors and the other information contained in this report. The risks that the Ameren Companies face are not limited to those in this section. There may be additional risks and
uncertainties (either currently unknown or not currently believed to be material) that could adversely affect the financial position, results of operations, and liquidity of the Ameren Companies. See Forward-looking Statements above and Outlook in
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Part II, Item 7, of this report. 

The electric and gas rates that UE, CIPS, CILCO and IP are allowed to charge are determined through regulatory proceedings and are subject to legislative actions, which are largely outside of their control. Any such events that prevent
UE, CIPS, CILCO or IP from recovering their respective costs or from earning appropriate returns on their investments could have a material adverse effect on future results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

The rates that UE, CIPS, CILCO and IP are allowed to charge for their utility services significantly influence the results of operations, financial
position, and liquidity of these companies and Ameren. The electric and natural gas utility industry is highly regulated. The utility rates charged to UE, CIPS, CILCO and IP customers are determined, in large part,

by governmental entities, including the MoPSC, the ICC, and FERC. Decisions by these entities are influenced by many factors, including the cost of providing service, the prudency of
expenditures, the quality of service, regulatory staff knowledge and experience, economic conditions, public policy, and social and political views, and are largely outside of our control. Decisions made by these governmental entities regarding
rates, as well as the regulatory lag involved in filing and getting new rates approved, could have a material adverse effect on results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

UE, CIPS, CILCO and IP electric and gas utility rates are typically established in regulatory proceedings that take up to 11 months to complete. Rates
established in those proceedings are primarily based on historical costs and revenues, and they include an allowed return on investments by the regulator. 

Our company, and the industry as a whole, is going through a period of rising costs and investments. The fact that rates at UE, CIPS, CILCO and IP are primarily based on historical costs and revenues means that
these companies may not be able to earn the allowed return established by their regulators and could result in deferral or elimination of planned capital investments. As a result, UE, CIPS, CILCO and IP expect to file rate cases frequently. A period
of increasing rates for our customers, especially during weak economic times, could result in additional regulatory and legislative actions, as well as competitive and political pressures, that could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations that require significant
capital expenditures or could result in closure of facilities, could increase our operating costs, and could adversely influence or limit our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity or expose us to environmental fines and
liabilities. 

We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations enforced by federal, state and local authorities. From the
beginning phases of siting and development to the ongoing operation of existing or new electric generating, transmission and distribution facilities, natural gas storage facilities, and natural gas transmission and distribution facilities, our
activities involve compliance with diverse laws and regulations. These laws and regulations address noise, emissions, impacts to air, land and water, protected and cultural resources (such as wetlands, endangered species, and archeological and
historical resources), and chemical and waste handling. Complex and lengthy processes are required to obtain approvals, permits, or licenses for new, existing or modified facilities. Additionally, the use and handling of various chemicals or
hazardous materials (including wastes) requires release prevention plans and emergency response procedures. 

Compliance with
environmental laws and regulations can require significant capital expenditures and operating costs. Periodically, environmental statutes and regulations are amended and new statutes and regulations are adopted that

15 

Table of Contents

impose new or modified obligations on our facilities and operations. Actions required to ensure that our facilities and operations are in compliance with environmental laws and regulations could
be prohibitively expensive. As a result, we could be required to close or alter the operation of our facilities, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

Failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations may also result in the imposition of fines, penalties, and injunctive measures affecting
operating assets. We are also subject to liability under environmental laws for remediating environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by us or by our predecessors, as well as property contaminated by hazardous substances that we
generated. Such sites include MGP sites and third-party sites, such as landfills. Additionally, private individuals may seek to enforce environmental laws and regulations against us and could allege injury from exposure to hazardous materials.

Ameren also may be subject to risks in connection with changing or conflicting interpretations of existing laws and regulations. The EPA
is engaged in an enforcement initiative targeted at coal-fired power plants in the United States to determine whether those power plants failed to comply with the requirements of the NSR and New Source Performance Standards (NSPS) provisions under
the Clean Air Act when the plants implemented modifications. Failure to comply with the NSR and NSPS provisions under the Clean Air Act can result in increased capital expenditures for the installation of control technology, increased operations and
maintenance expenses, and fines or penalties. In January 2010, UE received a Notice of Violation from the EPA alleging violations of the Clean Air Act’s NSR and Title V programs. An outcome in this matter, adverse to UE, could require
substantial capital expenditures and the payment of substantial penalties, neither of which can be determined at this time. Such expenditures could affect unit retirement and replacement decisions and our results of operations, financial position,
and liquidity if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates. 

Ameren, UE, Genco, AERG and EEI have incurred and expect to incur
significant costs related to environmental compliance and site remediation. New environmental regulations, voluntary compliance guidelines, enforcement initiatives, or legislation could result in a significant increase in capital expenditures and
operating costs, decreased revenues, increased financing requirements, penalties, or closure of facilities for UE, Genco, AERG and EEI. Although costs incurred by UE would be eligible for recovery in rates over time, subject to MoPSC approval in a
rate proceeding, there is no similar mechanism for recovery of costs for Genco, AERG or EEI. We are unable to predict the ultimate impact of these matters on our results of operations, financial position and liquidity. 

Future limits on greenhouse gas emissions would likely require UE, Genco, CILCO (through AERG) and EEI to incur significant increases in capital
expenditures and operating costs, which, if excessive, could result in the closures of coal-fired generating plants, impairment of

assets, or otherwise materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

Initiatives to limit greenhouse gas emissions and to address climate change are subject to active consideration in the U.S.
Congress. In June 2009, the U.S. House of Representatives passed energy legislation entitled “The American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009” that, if enacted, would establish an economy-wide cap-and-trade program. The overarching goal
of this proposed cap-and-trade program is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from capped sources, including coal-fired electric generation units, to 3% below 2005 levels by 2012, 17% below 2005 levels by 2020, 42% below 2005 levels by 2030, and 83%
below 2005 levels by the year 2050. In September 2009, climate change legislation entitled “The Clean Energy Jobs and American Power Act” was introduced in the U.S. Senate that was similar to that passed by the U.S. House of
Representatives in June 2009, although it proposes a slightly greater reduction in greenhouse gas emissions in the year 2020 and grants fewer emission allowances to the electricity sector. Under both proposed pieces of legislation, large sources of
CO
2

 emissions will be required to obtain and retire an allowance for each ton of
CO
2

 emitted. The allowances may be allocated to the sources without cost, sold to
the sources through auctions or other mechanisms, or traded among parties. “The Clean Energy Jobs and American Power Act” was voted out of committee in November 2009. In December 2009, Senators Kerry, Graham and Lieberman introduced a
framework for Senate legislation in 2010. The framework lacks specifics, but it is consistent with the House-passed legislation except that it emphasizes the need for greater support for nuclear power and energy independence through support for
clean energy and drilling for oil and natural gas. Senate leadership has stated that consideration of climate legislation will be postponed until spring 2010. In addition, the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions has been identified as a high
priority by President Obama’s administration. Although we cannot predict the date of enactment or the requirements of any future climate change legislation or regulations, we believe it is possible that some form of federal legislation or
regulations to control emissions of greenhouse gases will become law during the current administration. 

Potential
impacts from climate change legislation could vary, depending upon proposed CO
2

emission limits, the timing of implementation of those limits, the method of distributing allowances, the degree to which offsets are allowed and available, and provisions for cost containment measures, such as a “safety valve” provision
that provides a maximum price for emission allowances. As a result of our diverse fuel portfolio, our emissions of greenhouse gases vary among our generating facilities, but coal-fired power plants are significant sources of CO
2

, a principal greenhouse gas. Ameren’s analysis shows that if either “The American
Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009” or “The Clean Energy Jobs and American Power Act” were enacted into law in its current form, household costs and rates for electricity could rise significantly. The burden could fall particularly
hard on electricity consumers and upon the economy in the Midwest

16 

Table of Contents

because of the region’s reliance on electricity generated by coal-fired power plants. Natural gas emits about half the amount of CO
2

 that coal emits when burned to produce electricity. As a result, economy-wide shifts favoring natural gas as a fuel source for
electricity generation also could affect the cost of heating for our utility customers and many industrial processes. Ameren believes that wholesale natural gas costs could rise significantly as well. Higher costs for energy could contribute to
reduced demand for electricity and natural gas. 

Additional requirements to control greenhouse gas emissions and address global climate
change may also arise pursuant to the Midwest Greenhouse Gas Reduction Accord, an agreement signed by the governors of Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota to develop a strategy to achieve energy security and to reduce
greenhouse gas emissions through a cap-and-trade mechanism. The advisory group to the Midwest governors provided draft final recommendations on the design of a greenhouse gas reduction program in June 2009. The recommendations have not been endorsed
or approved by the state governors. It is uncertain whether legislation to implement the recommendations will be implemented or passed by any of the states, including Illinois. 

With regard to the control of greenhouse gas emissions under federal regulation, in 2007, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a decision
finding that the EPA has the authority to regulate CO
2

 and other greenhouse gases
from automobiles as “air pollutants” under the Clean Air Act. This decision required the EPA to determine whether greenhouse gas emissions may reasonably be anticipated to endanger public health or welfare, or, in the alternative, to
provide a reasonable explanation as to why greenhouse gas emissions should not be regulated. In December 2009, in response to the decision of the U.S. Supreme Court, the EPA issued its “endangerment finding” determining that greenhouse gas
emissions, including CO
2

, endanger human health and welfare and that emissions of
greenhouse gases from motor vehicles contribute to that endangerment. It is expected that the EPA will issue a rule by the end of March 2010 to control greenhouse gas emissions from light-duty vehicles such as automobiles. Once this rule is
effective, greenhouse gases will, for the first time, be a regulated air pollutant under the Clean Air Act. The EPA has taken the position that the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions from new motor vehicles under the Clean Air Act will trigger
the applicability of other Clean Air Act programs, such as the Title V Operating Permit Program and the NSR program, which apply to greenhouse gas emissions from stationary sources. This would include fossil fuel-fired electricity generating plants.

Recognizing the difficulties presented by regulating at once virtually all emitters of greenhouse gases, the EPA
announced in September 2009 a proposed rule, known as the “tailoring rule,” that would establish new higher thresholds for regulating greenhouse gas emissions from stationary sources, such as power plants. The rule would require any source
that emits at least 25,000 tons per year of greenhouse gases measured as CO
2

equivalents (CO
2

e) to obtain an operating permit under Title V Operating Permit
Program of

the Clean Air Act. Sources that already have an operating permit would have greenhouse gas-specific provisions added to their permits upon renewal. Currently, all Ameren power plants have
operating permits that, depending on the final rule, may be modified when they are renewed to address greenhouse gas emissions. The proposed tailoring rule also would set a new applicability threshold for subjecting stationary sources to the
requirements of the NSR program for greenhouse gas emissions and a new emissions threshold for determining when modifications at such stationary sources would require the source to obtain a permit and to implement control technology to address
greenhouse gas emissions. 

Future federal and state legislation or regulations that mandate limits on the emission of greenhouse gases
would result in significant increases in capital expenditures and operating costs, which, in turn, could lead to increased liquidity needs and higher financing costs. Moreover, to the extent we request recovery of these costs through rates, our
regulators might deny some or all of, or defer timely recovery of, these costs. Excessive costs to comply with future legislation or regulations might force UE, Genco, CILCO (through AERG) and EEI as well as other similarly situated electric power
generators to close some coal-fired facilities and could lead to possible impairment of assets and reduced revenues. As a result, mandatory limits could have a material adverse impact on Ameren’s, UE’s, Genco’s, CILCO’s (through
AERG) and EEI’s results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

The construction of, and capital improvements to,
UE’s, CIPS’, CILCO’s and IP’s electric and gas utility infrastructure as well as to Genco’s, CILCO’s (through AERG) and EEI’s merchant generation facilities involve substantial risks. These risks include escalating
costs, unsatisfactory performance by the projects when completed, the inability to complete projects as scheduled, cost disallowances by regulators and the inability to earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital at our rate-regulated
utilities, any of which could result in higher costs and the closure of facilities. 

Over the next five years, the Ameren Companies
will incur significant capital expenditures to comply with environmental regulations and to make investments in their electric and gas utility infrastructure and their merchant generation facilities. The Ameren Companies estimate that they will
incur up to $8.1 billion (UE – up to $4.2 billion; CIPS – up to $555 million; Genco – up to $1.0 billion; CILCO (Illinois Regulated) – up to $400 million; CILCO (AERG) – up to $180 million; IP – up to $1.1 billion;
EEI – up to $460 million; Other – up to $220 million) of capital expenditures during the period 2010 through 2014. These expenses include construction expenditures, capitalized interest or allowance for funds used during construction,
and compliance with environmental standards. Construction costs as well as the cost of capital have escalated in recent years and are expected to either stay at current levels or escalate further. 

17 

Table of Contents

 Investments in Ameren’s regulated operations are expected to be recoverable from ratepayers, but
are subject to prudency reviews and regulatory lag. The recoverability of amounts expended in merchant generation operations will depend on whether market prices for power adjust to reflect increased costs for generators. 

The ability of the Ameren Companies to complete facilities under construction successfully, and to complete future projects within established
estimates, is contingent upon many variables and subject to substantial risks. These variables include, but are not limited to, project management expertise and escalating costs for materials, labor, and environmental compliance. Delays in obtaining
permits, shortages in materials and qualified labor, suppliers and contractors who do not perform as required under their contracts, changes in the scope and timing of projects, the inability to raise capital on favorable terms, or other events
beyond our control may occur that may materially affect the schedule, cost and performance of these projects. With respect to capital spent for pollution control equipment, there is a risk that electric generating plants will not be permitted to
continue to operate if pollution control equipment is not installed by prescribed deadlines or does not perform as expected. Should any such construction efforts be unsuccessful, the Ameren Companies could be subject to additional costs and to the
loss of their investment in the project or facility. The Ameren Companies may also be required to purchase electricity for their customers until the projects are completed. All of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Ameren
Companies’ results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

Our counterparties may not meet their obligations to us.

We are exposed to the risk that counterparties to various arrangements who owe us money, energy, coal, or other commodities or
services will not be able to perform their obligations or, with respect to our credit facilities, will fail to honor their commitments. Should the counterparties to commodity arrangements fail to perform, we might be forced to replace or to sell the
underlying commitment at then-current market prices. Should the lenders under our credit facilities fail to perform, the level of borrowing capacity under those arrangements would decrease unless we were able to find replacement lenders to assume
the nonperforming lender’s commitment. In such an event, we might incur losses, or our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity could otherwise be adversely affected. 

Certain of the Ameren Companies have obligations to other Ameren Companies or other Ameren subsidiaries as a result of transactions involving energy,
coal, other commodities and services, and as a result of hedging transactions. If one Ameren entity failed to perform under any of these arrangements, other Ameren entities might incur losses. Their results of operations, financial position, and
liquidity could be adversely affected, resulting in the nondefaulting Ameren entity being unable to meet its obligations, including to unrelated third parties. 

 Increasing costs associated with our defined benefit and postretirement plans, health care plans,
and other employee-related benefits could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

We offer defined benefit and postretirement plans that cover substantially all of our employees. Assumptions related to future costs, returns on investments, interest rates, and other actuarial matters have a significant impact on our
earnings and funding requirements. Ameren expects to fund its pension plans at a level equal to the greater of the pension expense or the legally required minimum contribution. Considering Ameren’s assumptions at December 31, 2009, its
investment performance in 2009, and its pension funding policy, Ameren expects to make annual contributions of $75 million to $225 million in each of the next five years, with aggregate estimated contributions of $740 million. We expect
UE’s, CIPS’, Genco’s, CILCO’s, and IP’s portion of the future funding requirements to be 66%, 6%, 9%, 9%, and 10%, respectively. These amounts are estimates. They may change with actual investment performance, changes in
interest rates, changes in our assumptions, any pertinent changes in government regulations, and any voluntary contributions. 

In
addition to the costs of our retirement plans, the costs of providing health care benefits to our employees and retirees have increased in recent years. We believe that our employee benefit costs, including costs of health care plans for our
employees and former employees, will continue to rise. The increasing costs and funding requirements associated with our defined benefit retirement plans, health care plans, and other employee benefits could increase our financing needs and
otherwise materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

Our electric generating,
transmission and distribution facilities are subject to operational risks that could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

The Ameren Companies’ financial performance depends on the successful operation of electric generating, transmission, and distribution facilities.
Operation of electric generating, transmission, and distribution facilities involves many risks, including: 

Ÿ

 facility shutdowns due to operator error or a failure of equipment or processes; 

Ÿ

 longer-than-anticipated maintenance outages; 

Ÿ

 disruptions in the delivery of fuel or lack of adequate inventories; 

Ÿ

 lack of water for cooling plant operations; 

Ÿ

 labor disputes; 

Ÿ

 inability to comply with regulatory or permit requirements, including those relating to environmental contamination; 

Ÿ

 disruptions in the delivery of electricity, including impacts on us or our customers; 

Ÿ

 handling and storage of fossil-fuel combustion waste products, such as coal ash; 

Ÿ

 unusual or adverse weather conditions, including severe storms, droughts, and floods; 

18 

Table of Contents

Ÿ

 a workplace accident that might result in injury or loss of life, extensive property damage, or environmental damage; 

Ÿ

 information security risk, such as a breach of systems where sensitive utility customer data and account information are stored; 

Ÿ

 catastrophic events such as fires, explosions, pandemic health events, or other similar occurrences; and 

Ÿ

 other unanticipated operations and maintenance expenses and liabilities. 

Our natural gas distribution and storage activities involve numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs that
could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

Inherent in our natural gas
distribution and storage activities are a variety of hazards and operating risks, such as leaks, accidental explosions and mechanical problems, which could cause substantial financial losses. In addition, these risks could result in serious injury
to employees and nonemployees, loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution and impairment of our operations, which in turn could lead to substantial losses to us. In accordance with customary industry practice, we
maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses. The location of distribution lines and storage facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, industrial sites, and other public
gathering places, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. The occurrence of any of these events not fully covered by insurance could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity.

Even though agreements have been reached with the state of Missouri and the FERC, the breach of the upper reservoir of UE’s Taum
Sauk pumped-storage hydroelectric facility could continue to have a material adverse effect on Ameren’s and UE’s results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition. 

In December 2005, there was a breach of the upper reservoir at UE’s Taum Sauk pumped-storage hydroelectric facility. This resulted in significant
flooding in the local area, which damaged a state park. UE settled with FERC and the state of Missouri all issues associated with the December 2005 Taum Sauk incident. 

UE has property and liability insurance coverage for the Taum Sauk incident, subject to certain limits and deductibles. Insurance does not cover lost electric margins and penalties paid to FERC. UE expects that the
total cost for cleanup, damage, and liabilities, excluding costs to rebuild the upper reservoir, will be approximately $205 million. 

UE
received approval from FERC to rebuild the upper reservoir at its Taum Sauk plant and is in the process of testing the rebuilt facility. UE expects the Taum Sauk plant to become operational in the second quarter of 2010. The estimated cost to
rebuild the upper reservoir is in the range of $490 million. 

 Under UE’s insurance policies, all claims by or against UE are subject to review by its
insurance carriers. In July 2009, three insurance carriers filed a petition against Ameren in the Circuit Court of St. Louis County, Missouri, seeking a declaratory judgment that the property insurance policy does not require these three insurers to
indemnify Ameren for their share of the entire cost of construction associated with the facility rebuild design being utilized. The three insurers allege that they, along with the other policy participants, presented a rebuild design that was
consistent with their insurance coverage obligations and that the insurance policies do not require these insurers to pay their share of the costs of construction associated with the design being used. These insurers have estimated a cost of
approximately $214 million for their rebuild design compared to the estimated $490 million cost of the design approved by FERC and implemented by Ameren. Ameren has filed an answer and counterclaim in the Circuit Court of St. Louis County,
Missouri, against these insurers. The counterclaim asserts that the three insurance carriers have breached their obligations under the property insurance policies issued to Ameren and UE. Ameren seeks payment of a sum to-be-determined for all
amounts covered by these policies incurred in the facility rebuild, including power replacement costs, interest, and attorneys’ fees. The insurers that are parties to the litigation represent approximately 40%, on a weighted average basis, of
the property insurance policy coverage between the disputed amounts of $214 million and $490 million. 

Until Ameren’s remaining
insurance claims and the related litigation are resolved, among other things, we are unable to determine the total impact the breach could have on Ameren’s and UE’s results of operations, financial position, and liquidity beyond those
amounts already recognized. Ameren and UE expect to recover, through insurance, 80% to 90% of the total property insurance claim for the Taum Sauk incident. Beyond insurance, the recoverability of any Taum Sauk facility rebuild costs from customers
is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in UE’s November 2007 State of Missouri settlement agreement. In that settlement, UE agreed that it would not attempt to recover from rate payers costs incurred in the reconstruction expressly
excluding, however, enhancements, costs incurred due to circumstances or conditions that were not at that time reasonably foreseeable and costs that would have been incurred absent the Taum Sauk incident. Certain costs associated with the Taum Sauk
facility not recovered from property insurers may be recoverable from UE’s electric customers through rates established in rate cases filed subsequent to the in-service date of the rebuilt facility. As of December 31, 2009, UE had
capitalized in property and plant qualifying Taum Sauk-related costs of $99 million that UE believes qualify for potential recovery in electric rates under the terms of the November 2007 State of Missouri Settlement. The inclusion of such costs in
UE’s electric rates is subject to review and approval by the MoPSC in a future rate case. Any amounts not recovered through insurance, in electric rates, or otherwise could result in charges to earnings, which could be material. 

19 

Table of Contents

 Genco’s, AERG’s, and EEI’s electric generating facilities must compete for the sale
of energy and capacity, which exposes them to price risks. 

All of Genco’s, AERG’s, and EEI’s generating facilities
compete for the sale of energy and capacity in the competitive energy markets. 

To the extent that electricity generated by these
facilities is not under a fixed-price contract to be sold, the revenues and results of operations of these merchant subsidiaries generally depend on the prices that can be obtained for energy and capacity in Illinois and adjacent markets by
Marketing Company. 

Market prices for energy and capacity may fluctuate substantially, sometimes over relatively short periods of time,
and at other times experience sustained increases or decreases. Demand for electricity and fuel can fluctuate dramatically, creating periods of substantial under- or over-supply. During periods of over-supply, prices might be depressed. Also, at
times legislators or regulators with jurisdiction over wholesale and retail energy commodity and transportation rates may impose price limitations, bidding rules and other mechanisms to address volatility and other issues in these markets.

For power products sold in advance, contract prices are influenced both by market conditions as well as the contract terms such as
damage provisions, credit support requirements and the number of available counterparties interested in contracting for the desired forward period. Depending on differences between market factors at the time of contracting versus current conditions,
Marketing Company’s contract portfolio may have average contract prices greater than or less than current market prices, including at the expiration of the contracts, which could significantly affect Ameren’s, Genco’s, AERG’s,
and EEI’s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

Among the factors that could influence such prices (all of
which are beyond our control to a significant degree) are: 

Ÿ

 current and future delivered market prices for natural gas, fuel oil, and coal, and related transportation costs; 

Ÿ

 current and forward prices for the sale of electricity; 

Ÿ

 the extent of additional supplies of electric energy from current competitors or new market entrants; 

Ÿ

 the regulatory and market structures developed for evolving Midwest energy markets; 

Ÿ

 changes enacted by the Illinois legislature, the ICC, the IPA, or other government agencies with respect to power procurement procedures;

Ÿ

 the potential for reregulation of generation in some states; 

Ÿ

 future pricing for, and availability of, services on transmission systems, and the effect of RTOs and export energy transmission constraints, which could limit
our ability to sell energy in our markets; 

Ÿ

 the growth rate in electricity usage as a result of population changes, regional economic conditions, and the implementation of energy-efficiency programs;

Ÿ

 climate conditions in the Midwest market and major natural disasters; and 

Ÿ

 environmental laws and regulations. 

 UE’s ownership and operation of a nuclear generating facility creates business, financial,
and waste disposal risks. 

UE’s ownership of the Callaway nuclear plant subjects it to the risks of nuclear generation, which
include the following: 

Ÿ

 potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal of
radioactive materials; 

Ÿ

 the lack of a permanent waste storage site; 

Ÿ

 limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with the Callaway nuclear plant or other
U.S. nuclear operations; 

Ÿ

 uncertainties with respect to contingencies and assessment amounts if insurance coverage is inadequate; 

Ÿ

 public and governmental concerns over the adequacy of security at nuclear power plants; 

Ÿ

 uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives (UE’s facility
operating license for the Callaway nuclear plant expires in 2024); 

Ÿ

 limited availability of fuel supply; and 

Ÿ

 costly and extended outages for scheduled or unscheduled maintenance and refueling. 

The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety requirements for nuclear generation facilities. In the event of
noncompliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines, shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. Revised safety requirements promulgated from time to time by the NRC
could necessitate substantial capital expenditures at nuclear plants such as UE’s. In addition, if a serious nuclear incident were to occur, it could have a material but indeterminable adverse effect on UE’s results of operations,
financial position, and liquidity. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the operation or relicensing of any domestic nuclear unit. 

Our energy risk management strategies may not be effective in managing fuel and electricity procurement and pricing risks, which could result in
unanticipated liabilities or increased volatility in our earnings and cash flows. 

We are exposed to changes in market prices for
natural gas, fuel, electricity, emission allowances, and transmission congestion. Prices for natural gas, fuel, electricity, and emission allowances may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of time, and at other times experience
sustained increases or decreases, and expose us to commodity price risk. We use short-term and long-term purchase and sales contracts in addition to derivatives such as forward contracts, futures contracts, options, and swaps to manage these risks.
We attempt to manage our risk associated with these activities through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. We cannot ensure that these strategies will be successful in managing our pricing risk or that they will
not result in net liabilities because of future volatility in these markets. 

20 

Table of Contents

Although we routinely enter into contracts to hedge our exposure to the risks of demand and changes in commodity prices, we do not hedge the entire
exposure of our operations from commodity price volatility. Furthermore, our ability to hedge our exposure to commodity price volatility depends on liquid commodity markets. To the extent that commodity markets are illiquid, we may not be able to
execute our risk management strategies, which could result in greater unhedged positions than we would prefer at a given time. To the extent that unhedged positions exist, fluctuating commodity prices can adversely affect our results of operations,
financial position, and liquidity. 

Our facilities are considered critical energy infrastructure and may therefore be targets of
acts of terrorism. 

Like other electric and natural gas utilities and other merchant electric generators, our power generation
plants, fuel storage facilities, and transmission and distribution facilities may be targets of terrorist activities that could result in disruption of our ability to produce or distribute some portion of our energy products. Any such disruption
could result in a significant decrease in revenues or significant additional costs for repair, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. 

Our businesses are dependent on our ability to access the capital markets successfully. We may not have access to sufficient capital in the
amounts and at the times needed. 

We use short-term and long-term debt as a significant source of liquidity and funding for capital
requirements not satisfied by our operating cash flow, including requirements related to future environmental compliance. As a result of rising costs and increased capital and operations and maintenance expenditures, coupled with near-term
regulatory lag, we expect to continue to rely on short-term and long-term debt financing. Ameren intends to replace or extend its credit facility agreements during 2010. The inability to raise debt or equity capital on favorable terms, or at all,
particularly during times of uncertainty in the capital markets, could negatively affect our ability to maintain and to expand our businesses. Our current credit ratings cause us to believe that we will continue to have access to the capital
markets. However, events beyond our control, such as the extreme volatility and disruption in global debt or equity capital and credit markets that occurred in 2008 and continued into 2009, may create uncertainty that could increase our cost of
capital or impair, or eliminate, our ability to access the debt, equity or credit markets, including the ability to draw on our bank credit facilities. Any adverse

change in the Ameren Companies’ credit ratings may reduce access to capital and trigger additional collateral postings and prepayments. Such changes may also increase the cost of borrowing
and fuel, power and gas supply, among other things, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Certain of the Ameren Companies rely, in part, on Ameren for access to capital.
Circumstances that limit Ameren’s access to capital, including those relating to its other subsidiaries, could impair its ability to provide those Ameren Companies with needed capital. 

Ameren’s holding company structure could limit its ability to pay common stock dividends and to service its debt obligations. 

Ameren is a holding company; therefore, its primary assets are the common stock of its subsidiaries. As a result, Ameren’s ability to
pay dividends on its common stock depends on the earnings of its subsidiaries and the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise transfer funds to Ameren. Similarly, Ameren’s ability to service its debt obligations is also
dependent upon the earnings of operating subsidiaries and the distribution of those earnings and other payments, including payments of principal and interest under intercompany indebtedness. The payment of dividends to Ameren by its subsidiaries in
turn depends on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. Ameren’s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any dividends or make
any other distributions (except for payments required pursuant to the terms of intercompany borrowing arrangements) to Ameren. Certain of the Ameren Companies’ financing agreements and articles of incorporation, in addition to certain statutory
and regulatory requirements, may impose restrictions on the ability of such Ameren Companies to transfer funds to Ameren in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances. 

Failure to retain and attract key officers and other skilled professional and technical employees could have an adverse effect on our operations.

Our businesses depend upon our ability to employ and retain key officers and other skilled professional and technical
employees. A significant portion of our work force is nearing retirement, including many employees with specialized skills such as maintaining and servicing our electric and natural gas infrastructure and operating our generating units. Our
inability to retain and recruit qualified employees could adversely affect our results of operations.