General
Risks of Our Regulated Operations

We may not be able to recover the
costs of our substantial planned investment in capital improvements and
additions.  

(Applies to each registrant.)

Our
business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and
additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades and retrofits,
construction and/or acquisition of additional generation units and transmission
facilities, modernizing existing infrastructure as well as other initiatives.
Our public utility subsidiaries currently provide service at rates approved by
one or more regulatory commissions.  If these regulatory commissions
do not approve adjustments to the rates we charge, we would not be able to
recover the costs associated with our planned extensive
investment.  This would cause our financial results to be
diminished.  While we may seek to limit the impact of any denied
recovery by attempting to reduce the scope of our capital investment, there can
be no assurance as to the effectiveness of any such mitigation efforts,
particularly with respect to previously incurred costs and
commitments.

Our
planned capital investment program coincides with a material increase in the
price of the fuels used to generate electricity. Most of our jurisdictions have
fuel clauses that permit us to recover these increased fuel costs through rates
without a general rate case.  While prudent capital investment and
variable fuel costs each generally warrant recovery, in practical terms our
regulators could limit the amount or timing of increased costs that we would
recover through higher rates.   Any such limitation could cause
our financial results to be diminished.

Turk Plant construction and operation
permits could be reversed on appeal.  
 (Applies to
SWEPCo)

In
November 2007, the APSC granted approval for SWEPCo to build the Turk Plant in
Arkansas by issuing a Certificate of Environmental Compatibility and Public
Need.  In June 2009, the Arkansas Court of Appeals issued a unanimous
decision that would reverse the APSC’s grant of its permission for construction
of the Turk Plant to serve Arkansas retail customers.  In October
2009, the Arkansas Supreme Court granted the petitions filed by SWEPCo and the
APSC to review the Arkansas Court of Appeals decision. While the appeal is
pending, SWEPCo is continuing construction on the plant.

In
November 2008, SWEPCo received the required air permit approval for the Turk
Plant from the Arkansas Department of Environmental Quality.  In
December 2008, certain opponents filed an appeal of the air permit with the
Arkansas Pollution Control and Ecology Commission.  The commission
upheld the air permit in a January 2010 ruling.  These same opponents
filed a petition with the Federal EPA to review the air permit.  In
December 2009, the Federal EPA rejected their petition on every issue except
one, where the Federal EPA asked the ADEQ to supplement the air permit record on
one aspect of its Best Available Control Technology analysis.  The
Turk Plant cannot be placed into service without an air permit.  If
SWEPCo is unable to complete the Turk Plant construction and place the Turk
Plant in service, it would reduce net income, cash flow and possibly harm our
financial condition unless the resultant losses can be fully recovered, with a
return on unrecovered balances, through rates in all of its
jurisdictions.

Rate recovery approved in Ohio may be
overturned on appeal, may not provide full recovery of fuel costs and/or may
have to be returned.  
(Applies to AEP, OPCo and
CSPCo)

The PUCO
issued an order in March 2009 that modified and approved the Electric Security
Plans (“ESPs”) of CSPCo and OPCo.   The ESPs established rates in
effect through 2011.  The ESP order generally authorized rate
increases during the ESP period, subject to caps that limit the rate increases
for CSPCo to 7% in 2009, 6% in 2010 and 6% in 2011 and for OPCo to 8% in 2009,
7% in 2010 and 8% in 2011.  The order also provides a fuel adjustment
clause (“FAC”) for the three-year period of the ESP.  The FAC increase
will be phased in to avoid having the resultant rate increases exceed the
ordered annual caps.  The order allows CSPCo and OPCo to defer
unrecovered FAC costs and to accrue carrying charges on such deferrals at
CSPCo’s and OPCo’s weighted average cost of capital.  The deferred FAC
balance at the end of the three-year ESP period will be recovered through a
non-bypassable surcharge over the period 2012 through 2018.  Although
the Supreme Court of Ohio has rejected or dismissed a number of procedural and
other challenges to the order, the order remains on appeal with that
Court.

Under our
ESP orders, CSPCo and OPCo may be required to return recovery awarded if their
earnings meet a certain threshold identified by the Significantly Excessive
Earnings Test (SEET).  The PUCO must determine if rate adjustments
included in the ESP result in significantly excessive earnings.  If
so, the excess amount must be returned to customers.  The PUCO’s
decision on the SEET review of CSPCo’s and OPCo’s 2009 earnings is not expected
to be finalized until a SEET filing is made by CSPCo and OPCo in 2010 and the
PUCO issues an order. The PUCO staff recommended that the SEET be calculated on
an individual company basis and not on a combined CSPCo/OPCo basis.

If the
PUCO and/or the Supreme Court of Ohio reverses all or part of the rate recovery,
if deferred fuel costs are not fully recovered for other reasons, or if the PUCO
determines CSPCo’s or OPCo’s earnings are significantly excessive, it could
reduce future net income and cash flows and harm our financial
condition.

Rate recovery approved in Texas may
be overturned on appeal.  
(Applies to AEP)

In March
2008, the PUCT issued an order that increased TCC’s annual pretax income by
approximately $50 million.  Various parties appealed the PUCT
decision.  In February 2009, the Texas District Court affirmed the
PUCT in most respects.  In March 2009, various intervenors appealed
the Texas District Court decision to the Texas Court of
Appeals.  Management is unable to predict the outcome of these
proceedings.  If the appeals are successful, it could reduce future
net income and cash flows.

Our request for rate recovery in
Texas may not be approved in its entirety.  
 (Applies to AEP and
SWEPCo)

In August
2009, SWEPCo filed a base rate case with the PUCT to increase non-fuel base
rates by approximately $75 million annually based on a requested return on
common equity of 11.5%.  If the PUCT denies all or part of the
requested rate recovery, it could reduce future net income and cash
flows.

Our request for rate recovery in
Virginia may not be approved in its entirety.  
(Applies to AEP and
APCo)

In July
2009, APCo filed a base rate case with the Virginia SCC requesting an increase
in the generation and distribution portions of its base rates of $169 million
(later adjusted to $154 million) annually and a 13.35% return on
equity.  If the Virginia SCC denies all or part of the requested rate
recovery, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and harm our
financial condition.

Our request for rate recovery in
Kentucky may not be approved in its entirety.  
(Applies to AEP)

In
December 2009, KPCo filed a base rate case with the Kentucky Public Service
Commission requesting an increase in its base rates by $124 million annually and
a 11.75% return on equity.  If the Kentucky Public Service Commission
denies all or part of the requested rate recovery, it could reduce future net
income and cash flows and harm our financial condition.

Our request for rate recovery in
Michigan may not be approved in its entirety.  
(Applies to
I&M)

In
January 2010, I&M filed a base rate case with the Michigan Public Service
Commission seeking a $63 million increase in revenue, based on 11.75% return on
equity. If the Michigan Public Service Commission denies all or part of the
requested rate recovery, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and
harm our financial condition.

Our future access to assets used to
serve a major customer is in question.  
(Applies to
I&M)

Since
1975 I&M has leased certain energy delivery assets from the City of Fort
Wayne, Indiana under a long-term lease that expires on February 28,
2010.  I&M has been negotiating with Fort Wayne to purchase the
remaining assets at the end of the lease, but no agreement has been
reached.  Fort Wayne issued a technical notice of default under the
lease to I&M in August 2009. In October 2009, I&M filed for declaratory
and injunctive relief in Indiana state court.  The court had ordered
additional mediation.  I&M will seek recovery in rates for any
amount it may pay related to this dispute.  At this time, management
cannot predict the outcome of this dispute.  While management believes
any triggered costs should be recoverable from customers, any unrecovered costs
could reduce future net income and cash flows.

Oklahoma may require us to refund
fuel costs that we have collected.  
(Applies to 
PSO
)

PSO
under-recovered $42 million of fuel costs resulting from a reallocation of
purchased power costs among AEP West companies for periods prior to
2002.  PSO recovered the $42 million by offsetting it against an
existing fuel over-recovery during the period June 2007 through May
2008.  An association of industrial consumers has contended that PSO
should not have collected the $42 million without specific OCC approval and that
the OCC should require PSO to refund what it collected through its fuel
clause.  The OCC has heard the association’s appeal and a decision is
pending.  If the OCC were to order PSO to refund all or a part of the
$42 million, it could reduce future net income and cash flows.

We may not recover costs incurred to
begin constructing generating plants that are canceled.  
 (Applies to each
registrant)

Our
business plan for the construction of new generating units involves a number of
risks, including construction delays, nonperformance by equipment  and
other third party suppliers, and increases in equipment and labor costs. To
limit the risks of these construction projects, we enter into equipment purchase
orders and construction contracts and incur engineering and design service costs
in advance of receiving necessary regulatory approvals and/or siting or
environmental permits. If any of these projects is canceled for any reason,
including our failure to receive necessary regulatory approvals and/or siting or
environmental permits, we could incur significant cancellation penalties under
the equipment purchase orders and construction contracts. In addition, if we
have recorded any construction work or investments as a regulatory asset we may
need to impair that asset in the event the project is canceled.

Rate regulation may delay or deny
full recovery of capital improvements, additions and other
costs.  

(Applies to each registrant.)

Our
public utility subsidiaries currently provide service at rates approved by one
or more regulatory commissions.  These rates are generally regulated
based on an analysis of the applicable utility’s expenses incurred in a test
year.  Thus, the rates a utility is allowed to charge may or may not
match its expenses at any given time.  There may also be a delay
between the timing of when these costs are incurred and when these costs are
recovered.  Traditionally, we have financed capital investments and
improvements until the new asset was placed in service.  Provided the
asset was found to be a prudent investment, the asset was then added to rate
base and entitled to a return through rate recovery.  Long lead times
in construction, the high costs of plant and equipment and difficult capital
markets have heightened the risks involved in our capital investments and
improvements. While we are actively pursuing strategies to accelerate rate
recognition of investments and cash flow, including pre-approvals, a return on
construction work in progress, rider/trackers, formula rates and the inclusion
of future test-year projections into rates, there can be no assurance that these
will be adopted, that the applicable regulatory commission will judge all of our
costs to have been prudently incurred or that the regulatory process in which
rates are determined will always result in rates that will produce full recovery
of our costs in a timely manner.

Our revenues and results of
operations are subject to risks that are beyond our
control.  

(Applies to each registrant.)

Our
operations are structured to comply with all applicable federal and state laws
and regulations and we take measures to minimize the risk of significant
disruptions.  Material disruptions at one or more of our operational
facilities, however, could negatively impact our revenues, operating and capital
expenditures and results of operations.  Such events may also create
additional risks related to the supply and/or cost of equipment and
materials.  We could experience unexpected but significant
interruption due to several events, including:

 ·  

 major
 facility or equipment failure;

 ·  

 an
 environmental event such as a serious spill or
 release;

 ·  

 fires,
 floods, droughts, earthquakes, hurricanes or other natural
 disasters;

 ·  

 wars,
 terrorist acts or threats and other catastrophic
 events;

 ·  

 significant
 health impairments or disease events,
and;

 ·  

 other
 serious operational problems.

We are exposed to nuclear generation
risk.
 (Applies to AEP
and I&M.)

Through
I&M, we own the Cook Plant.  It consists of two nuclear generating
units for a rated capacity of 2,191 MW, or 8-9% of the electricity we
generate.  We are, therefore, subject to the risks of nuclear
generation, which include the following:

 ·  

 the
 potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting
 from the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and
 disposal of radioactive materials such as spent nuclear
 fuel;

 ·  

 limitations
 on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover
 losses that might arise in connection with our nuclear
 operations;

 ·  

 uncertainties
 with respect to contingencies and assessment amounts if insurance coverage
 is inadequate (federal law requires owners of nuclear units to purchase
 the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance and
 potentially contribute to the losses of others);
 and,

 ·  

 uncertainties
 with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning
 nuclear plants at the end of their licensed
 lives.

There can
be no assurance that I&M’s preparations or risk mitigation measures will be
adequate if and when these risks are triggered.

The NRC
has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related
requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities.  In
the event of non-compliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines or shut
down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the
situation, until compliance is achieved.  Revised safety requirements
promulgated by the NRC could necessitate substantial capital expenditures at
nuclear plants such as ours.  In addition, although we have no reason
to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at our plants, if an incident did
occur, it could harm our results of operations or financial
condition.  A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the
world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any
domestic nuclear unit.  Moreover, a major incident at any nuclear
facility in the U.S. could require us to make material contributory
payments.

The different regional power markets
in which we compete or will compete in the future have changing market and
transmission structures, which could affect our performance in these
regions.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

Our
results are likely to be affected by differences in the market and transmission
structures in various regional power markets.  The rules governing the
various regional power markets, including SPP and PJM, may also change from time
to time which could affect our costs or revenues.  Because the manner
in which RTOs will evolve remains unclear, we are unable to assess fully the
impact that changes in these power markets may have on our
business.

The amount we charged third parties
for using our transmission facilities is subject to refund.
  (Applies to AEP, APCo,
CSPCo, I&M and OPCo.)

In July
2003, the FERC issued an order directing PJM and MISO to make compliance filings
for their respective tariffs to eliminate the transaction-based charges for
through and out (T&O) transmission service on transactions where the energy
is delivered within those RTOs.  To mitigate the impact of lost
T&O revenues, the FERC approved temporary replacement seams elimination cost
allocation (SECA) transition rates beginning in December 2004 and extending
through March 2006.  Because intervenors objected to this decision,
the SECA fees we collected ($220 million) are subject to refund.

In August
2006, an ALJ ruled that the SECA rates charged were unfair, unjust and
discriminatory, and that new compliance filings and refunds should be made. The
FERC has not ruled on the matter.  If the FERC upholds the decision of
the ALJ, it would disallow $90 million of the AEP East companies’ remaining
unsettled $108 million of unsettled gross SECA revenues.  AEP has
settled $112 million of SECA revenues for $10 million. We have recorded a
provision for estimated settlement refunds.  Any payments in excess of
the reserve balance could harm our results of operations and financial
position.

We could be subject to higher costs
and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards. 
(Applies to each
registrant.)

As a
result of EPACT, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system are
subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by the North American
Electric Reliability Corporation and enforced by the FERC. These standards,
which previously were being applied on a voluntary basis, became mandatory in
June 2007. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to
ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and is guided by reliability and
market interface principles. Compliance with new reliability standards may
subject us to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures.
While we expect to recover costs and expenditures from customers through
regulated rates, there can be no assurance that the applicable commissions will
approve full recovery in a timely manner.  If we were found not to be
in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, we could be subject to
sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties, which likely would not be
recoverable from customers through regulated rates.

At times, demand for power could
exceed our supply capacity.  
 (Applies to each
registrant.)

We are
currently obligated to supply power in parts of eleven states.  From
time to time, because of unforeseen circumstances, the demand for power required
to meet these obligations could exceed our available generation
capacity.  If this occurs, we would have to buy power from the
market.  This would increase the pressure on our short-term debt
financing capacity in times of tight liquidity.  We may not always
have the ability to pass these costs on to our customers, and the time lag
between incurring costs and recovery can be long.  Since these
situations most often occur during periods of peak demand, it is possible that
the market price for power at that time would be very high. Even if a supply
shortage were brief, we could suffer substantial losses that could reduce our
results of operations.

Risks
Related to Market, Economic or Financial Volatility

If we are unable to access capital
markets on reasonable terms, it could have an adverse impact on our net income,
cash flows and financial condition.  
(Applies to each
registrant)

We rely
on access to capital markets as a significant source of liquidity for capital
requirements not satisfied by operating cash flows.  Volatility and
reduced liquidity in the financial markets could affect our ability to raise
capital and fund our capital needs, including construction costs and refinancing
maturing indebtedness.  In addition, if capital is available only on
less than reasonable terms or to borrowers whose creditworthiness is better than
ours, capital costs could increase materially.  Restricted access to
capital markets and/or increased borrowing costs could have an adverse impact on
net income, cash flows and financial condition.

Downgrades in our credit ratings
could negatively affect our ability to access capital and/or to operate our
power trading businesses.
  (Applies to each
registrant)

The
credit ratings agencies periodically review our capital structure and the
quality and stability of our earnings.  Any negative ratings actions
could constrain the capital available to us and could limit our access to
funding for our operations.  Our business is capital intensive, and we
are dependent upon our ability to access capital at rates and on terms we
determine to be attractive.  In periods of market turmoil, access to
capital is difficult for all borrowers.  If our ability to access
capital becomes significantly constrained, our interest costs will likely
increase and our financial condition could be harmed and future results of
operations could be adversely affected.

Our power
trading business relies on the investment grade ratings of our individual public
utility subsidiaries’ senior unsecured long-term debt.  Most of our
counterparties require the creditworthiness of an investment grade entity to
stand behind transactions.  If those ratings were to decline below
investment grade, our ability to operate our power trading business profitably
would be diminished because we would likely have to deposit cash or cash-related
instruments which would reduce our profits.

Our pension plan requires additional
significant contributions.
 (Applies to each
registrant.)

The
performance of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held
in trust to satisfy future obligations under our defined benefit pension
plan.  The volatility of the capital markets in recent years has led
to a decline in the market value of these assets. Also, a decline in interest
rates on corporate bonds in 2009 has impacted the benchmark discount rate in a
way that results in a higher calculated pension liability. Accordingly, our
future required contributions to fund obligations under our defined benefit plan
could increase significantly.

AEP has no income or cash flow apart
from dividends paid or other obligations due it from its
subsidiaries.  
(Applies to
AEP.)

AEP is a
holding company and has no operations of its own.  Its ability to meet
its financial obligations associated with its indebtedness and to pay dividends
on its common stock is primarily dependent on the earnings and cash flows of its
operating subsidiaries, primarily its regulated utilities, and the ability of
its subsidiaries to pay dividends to, or repay loans from, AEP.  Its
subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities that have no obligation
(apart from loans from AEP) to provide AEP with funds for its payment
obligations, whether by dividends, distributions or other payments. Payments to
AEP by its subsidiaries are also contingent upon their earnings and business
considerations. In addition, any payment of dividends, distributions or advances
by the utility subsidiaries to AEP could be subject to regulatory
restrictions.  AEP indebtedness and common stock dividends are
effectively subordinated to all subsidiary indebtedness and preferred stock
obligations.

Our operating results may fluctuate
on a seasonal or quarterly basis and with general economic
conditions.  
(Applies to each
registrant.)

Electric
power generation is generally a seasonal business.  In many parts of
the country, demand for power peaks during the hot summer months, with market
prices also peaking at that time.  In other areas, power demand peaks
during the winter.  As a result, our overall operating results in the
future may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis.  The pattern
of this fluctuation may change depending on the terms of power sale contracts
that we enter into.  In addition, we have historically sold less
power, and consequently earned less income, when weather conditions are
milder.  Unusually mild weather in the future could diminish our
results of operations and harm our financial condition.  Conversely,
unusually extreme weather conditions could increase AEP’s results of operations
in a manner that would not likely be sustainable.

Further,
deteriorating economic conditions generally result in reduced consumption by our
customers, particularly industrial customers who may curtail operations or cease
production entirely, while an expanding economic environment generally results
in increased revenues.  As a result, our overall operating results in
the future may fluctuate on the basis of prevailing economic
conditions.  For example, off-system sales volumes decreased by 50%
and industrial KWH sales were down 16% in 2009, a period of prolonged diminished
economic activity.

Failure to attract and retain an
appropriately qualified workforce could harm our results of operations.

(Applies to each
registrant.)

Certain
events, such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, mismatch of
skillset or complement to future needs, or unavailability of contract resources
may lead to operating challenges and increased costs. The challenges include
lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with
skill development. In this case, costs, including costs for contractors to
replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may rise. Failure to
hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of
significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, or
the future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the
ability to manage and operate our business.  If we are unable to
successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, our
results of operations could be negatively affected.

Parties we have engaged to provide
construction materials or services may fail to perform their obligations, which
could harm our results of operations.  
(Applies to each
registrant.)

Our
business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and
additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades, construction of
additional generation units and transmission facilities as well as other
initiatives.  We are exposed to the risk of substantial price
increases in the costs of materials used in construction.  We have
engaged numerous contractors and entered into a large number of agreements to
acquire the necessary materials and/or obtain the required construction related
services.  As a result, we are also exposed to the risk that these
contractors and other counterparties could breach their obligations to us.
Should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be
forced to enter into alternative arrangements at then-current market prices that
may exceed our contractual prices and almost certainly cause delays in that and
related projects.  Although our agreements are designed to mitigate
the consequences of a potential default by the counterparty, our actual exposure
may be greater than these mitigation provisions. This would cause our financial
results to be diminished, and we might incur losses or delays in completing
construction.

For
example, in our continuing environmental investment program, we chose to
retrofit wet flue gas desulfurization systems on several of our units utilizing
the jet bubbling reactor technology.  These include two co-owned units
each at the Kyger Creek and Clifty Creek plants, three co-owned units at the
Cardinal plant and one co-owned unit at the Conesville plant; and, in
preliminary stages, a unit each at our Muskingum River and Big Sandy
plants.  Due to unfavorable operating results, we completed an
extensive review of the design and manufacture of jet bubbling reactor internal
components.  Our review concluded that there are fundamental design
deficiencies and that inferior and/or inappropriate materials were selected for
the internal fiberglass components.  We are negotiating with the
original equipment manufacturer to develop a repair or replacement corrective
action plan. We might incur losses or delays if the original equipment
manufacturer does not remediate the deficiencies in a timely
manner.

Changes in commodity prices and the
costs of transport may increase our cost of producing power or decrease the
amount we receive from selling power, harming our financial
performance.  
(Applies to each
registrant.)

We are
exposed to changes in the price and availability of coal and the price and
availability to transport coal because most of our generating capacity is
coal-fired.  We have contracts of varying durations for the supply of
coal for most of our existing generation capacity, but as these contracts end or
otherwise are not honored, we may not be able to purchase coal on terms as
favorable as the current contracts.  Similarly, we are exposed to
changes in the price and availability of emission allowances.  We use
emission allowances based on the amount of coal we use as fuel and the
reductions achieved through emission controls and other
measures.  According to our estimates, we have procured sufficient
emission allowances to cover nearly all of our projected needs for the next two
years as well as a majority of our needs beyond that timeframe.  At
some future point, additional costs may be incurred if forthcoming regulation
changes require supplemental allowances for compliance.  If and when
we obtain additional allowances those purchases may not be on as favorable terms
as those currently obtained.

We also
own natural gas-fired facilities, which increases our exposure to market prices
of natural gas.  Natural gas prices tend to be more volatile than
prices for other fuel sources.  Our ability to make off-system sales
at a profit is highly dependent on the price of natural gas.  As the
price of natural gas falls, other market participants that utilize natural
gas-fired generation will be able to offer electricity at increasingly
competitive prices relative to our off-system sales prices, so the margins we
realize from sales will be lower and, on occasion, we may need to curtail
operation of marginal plants.

Prices
for coal, natural gas and emission allowances have shown material upward and
downward swings in the recent past.  Changes in the cost of coal,
emission allowances or natural gas and changes in the relationship between such
costs and the market prices of power will affect our financial
results.  Since the prices we obtain for power may not change at the
same rate as the change in coal, emission allowances or natural gas costs, we
may be unable to pass on the changes in costs to our customers.

In
addition, actual power prices and fuel costs will differ from those assumed in
financial projections used to value our trading and marketing transactions, and
those differences may be material.  As a result, our financial results
may be diminished in the future as those transactions are marked to
market.

Risks
Relating to State Restructuring

There is uncertainty as to our
recovery of stranded costs resulting from industry restructuring in
Texas.  
(Applies to
AEP.)

Restructuring
legislation in Texas required utilities with stranded costs to use market-based
methods to value certain generating assets for determining stranded
costs.  We elected to use the sale of assets method to determine the
market value of TCC’s generation assets for stranded cost
purposes.  In general terms, the amount of stranded costs under this
market valuation methodology is the amount by which the book value of generating
assets, including regulatory assets and liabilities that were not securitized,
exceeds the market value of the generation assets, as measured by the net
proceeds from the sale of the assets.  In May 2005, TCC filed its
stranded cost quantification application with the PUCT seeking recovery of $2.4
billion of net stranded generation costs and other recoverable true-up
items.  A final order was issued in April 2006.  In the
final order, the PUCT determined TCC’s net stranded generation costs and other
recoverable true-up items to be approximately $1.475 billion.  We have
appealed the PUCT’s final order seeking additional recovery consistent with the
Texas Restructuring Legislation and related rules, other parties have appealed
the PUCT’s final order as unwarranted or too large.  Management cannot
predict the ultimate outcome of any future court appeals or any future remanded
PUCT proceeding.

Collection of our revenues in Texas
is concentrated in a limited number of REPs.  
(Applies to
AEP.)

Our
revenues from the distribution of electricity in the ERCOT area of Texas are
collected from REPs that supply the electricity we distribute to their
customers.  Currently, we do business with approximately seventy
REPs.  In 2009, TCC’s largest customer accounted for 28% of its
operating revenue and its second largest customer accounted for 17% of its
operating revenue; TNC’s largest customer (a non-utility affiliate) accounted
for 30% of its operating revenues and its second largest customer accounted for
18% of its operating revenues.  Adverse economic conditions,
structural problems in the Texas market or financial difficulties of one or more
REPs could impair the ability of these REPs to pay for our services or could
cause them to delay such payments.  We depend on these REPs for timely
remittance of payments.  Any delay or default in payment could
adversely affect the timing and receipt of our cash flows and thereby have an
adverse effect on our liquidity.

Risks
Related to Owning and Operating Generation Assets and Selling Power

Our costs of compliance with existing
environmental laws are significant.  
(Applies to each
registrant)

Our
operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental
statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste
management, natural resources and health and safety.  Approximately
90% of the electricity generated by the AEP system is produced by the combustion
of fossil fuels.  Emissions of nitrogen and sulfur oxides, mercury and
particulates from fossil fueled generating plants are potentially subject to
increased regulations, controls and mitigation expenses.  Compliance
with these legal requirements requires us to commit significant capital toward
environmental monitoring, installation of pollution control equipment, emission
fees and permits at all of our facilities.  These expenditures have
been significant in the past, and we expect that they will increase in the
future.  Costs of compliance with environmental regulations could
adversely affect our net income and financial position, especially if emission
and/or discharge limits are tightened, more extensive permitting requirements
are imposed, additional substances become regulated and the number and types of
assets we operate increase.  While we expect to recover our
expenditures for pollution control technologies, replacement generation and
associated operating costs from customers through regulated rates (in regulated
jurisdictions) or market prices, without such recovery those costs could reduce
our future net income and cash flows, and possibly harm our financial
condition.

Regulation of 
CO
2
 emissions
, either through legislation or by
the Federal EPA, could materially increase costs to us and our customers or
cause some of our electric generating units to be uneconomical to operate or
maintain.
(Applies to
each registrant)

In June
2009, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the American Clean Energy
Security Act (ACES).  ACES is a comprehensive energy and global
warming bill that includes a number of provisions that would directly affect our
business, including energy efficiency and renewable electricity standards,
funding for carbon capture and sequestration demonstration projects, CO2 emission
standards, and an economy-wide cap and trade program for large sources of
CO
2
emissions that would reduce emissions by 17% in 2020 and just over 80% by
2050 from 2005 levels.  The Senate Environment and Public Works
Committee passed a bill out of committee in September. Costs of compliance with
the proposed legislation could adversely affect our net income and financial
position.

Separately,
in December 2009, the Federal EPA issued a final endangerment finding under the
CAA regarding emissions from motor vehicles.  Several groups have
filed challenges to the endangerment finding.  The endangerment
finding will lead to regulation of CO2
 and other gases under
existing laws.  Management believes some policy approaches being
discussed would have significant and widespread negative consequences for the
national economy and major U.S. industrial enterprises, including us and our
customers.

If
CO2
and other emission standards are imposed, the standards could require
significant increases in capital expenditures and operating costs which would
impact the ultimate retirement of older, less-efficient, coal-fired
units.  While we expect that costs of complying with new CO
2 and other
GHG emission standards will be treated like all other reasonable costs of
serving customers and should be recoverable from customers as costs of doing
business, without such recovery those costs could reduce our future net income
and cash flows and harm our financial condition.

Courts adjudicating nuisance and
other similar claims against us may order us to limit or reduce our
CO
2
 emissions.  
(Applies to each
registrant)

In 2004,
eight states and the City of New York filed an action in Federal District Court
for the Southern District of New York against AEP, Cinergy Corp, Xcel Energy,
Southern Company and Tennessee Valley Authority.  The Natural
Resources Defense Council, on behalf of three special interest groups, filed a
similar complaint against the same defendants.  The actions allege
that CO2 emissions
from the defendants’ power plants constitute a public nuisance under federal
common law due to impacts of global warming, and sought injunctive relief in the
form of specific emission reduction commitments from the
defendants.  The Second Circuit Court of Appeals reinstated this
lawsuit on appeal after the lower court had dismissed it.  Similarly,
in October 2009, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed a decision by the
trial court dismissing state common law nuisance claims in a putative class
action by Mississippi residents asserting that CO
2 emissions
exacerbated the effects of Hurricane Katrina.

The trial
courts adjudicating these reinstated nuisance claims may order the defendants,
including us, to limit or reduce CO2
emissions.  This or similar remedies could require us to purchase
power from third parties to fulfill our commitments to supply power to our
customers.  This could have a material impact on our
costs.  While management believes such costs should be recoverable
from customers as costs of doing business, without such recovery those costs
could reduce our future net income and cash flows and harm our financial
condition.

If these
or other future actions are resolved against us, substantial modifications of
our existing coal-fired power plants could be required.  In addition,
we could be required to invest significantly in additional emission control
equipment, accelerate the timing of capital expenditures, pay penalties and/or
halt certain operations.  Moreover, our results of operations and
financial position could be reduced due to the timing of recovery of these
investments and the expense of ongoing litigation.

We may not fully recover the costs of
repairing or replacing damaged equipment in Cook Plant Unit
1.  
(Applies
to AEP and I&M)

Cook
Plant Unit 1 is a 1,084 MW nuclear generating unit located in Bridgman,
Michigan. In September 2008, I&M shut down Unit 1 due to turbine vibrations,
which resulted in a fire on the electric generator.  Unit 1 resumed
operations in December 2009 at reduced power, but repair of the property damage
and replacement of the turbine rotors and other equipment are estimated to cost
approximately $395 million.  Management believes that I&M should
recover a significant portion of these costs through the turbine vendor’s
warranty, insurance and the regulatory process.

In 2009,
I&M entered into a settlement agreement with intervenors to collect a prior
under-recovered fuel balance. Under the settlement agreement, a subdocket was
established to consider issues relating to the Unit 1 shutdown, the use of the
accidental outage insurance proceeds and I&M’s fuel procurement
practices.  Management cannot predict the outcome of the subdocket
proceeding or future fuel clause proceedings, including the treatment of the
accidental outage insurance proceeds and whether any fuel clause revenues or
insurance proceeds recognized will have to be refunded which could reduce future
net income and cash flows.

Our revenues and results of
operations from selling power are subject to market risks that are beyond our
control.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

We sell
power from our generation facilities into the spot market and other competitive
power markets on a contractual basis.  We also enter into contracts to
purchase and sell electricity, natural gas, emission allowances and coal as part
of our power marketing and energy trading operations.  With respect to
such transactions, the rate of return on our capital investments is not
determined through mandated rates, and our revenues and results of operations
are likely to depend, in large part, upon prevailing market prices for power in
our regional markets and other competitive markets.  These market
prices can fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of
time.  Trading margins may erode as markets mature and there may be
diminished opportunities for gain should volatility decline.  In
addition, the FERC, which has jurisdiction over wholesale power rates, as well
as RTOs that oversee some of these markets, may impose price limitations,
bidding rules and other mechanisms to address some of the volatility in these
markets.  Power supply and other similar agreements entered into
during extreme market conditions may subsequently be held to be unenforceable by
a reviewing court or the FERC.  Fuel and emissions prices may also be
volatile, and the price we can obtain for power sales may not change at the same
rate as changes in fuel and/or emissions costs.  These factors could
reduce our margins and therefore diminish our revenues and results of
operations.

Volatility
in market prices for fuel and power may result from:

 ·  

 weather
 conditions;

 ·  

 outages
 of major generation or transmission
facilities;

 ·  

 seasonality;

 ·  

 power
 usage;

 ·  

 illiquid
 markets;

 ·  

 transmission
 or transportation constraints or
inefficiencies;

 ·  

 availability
 of competitively priced alternative energy
 sources;

 ·  

 demand
 for energy commodities;

 ·  

 natural
 gas, crude oil and refined products, and coal production
 levels;

 ·  

 natural
 disasters, wars, embargoes and other catastrophic events;
 and

 ·  

 federal,
 state and foreign energy and environmental regulation and
 legislation.

Our power trading (including coal,
gas and emission allowances trading and power marketing) and risk management
policies cannot eliminate the risk associated with these
activities.  
(Applies to each
registrant.)

Our power
trading (including coal, gas and emission allowances trading and power
marketing) activities expose us to risks of commodity price movements. We attempt to manage our
exposure by establishing and enforcing risk limits and risk management
procedures.
 These
risk limits and risk management procedures may not work as planned and cannot
eliminate the risks associated with these activities.
 As a result, we cannot
predict the impact that our energy trading and risk management decisions may
have on our business, operating results or financial position.

We
routinely have open trading positions in the market, within guidelines we set,
resulting from the management of our trading portfolio. To the extent open
trading positions exist, fluctuating commodity prices can improve or diminish
our financial results and financial position.

Our power
trading and risk management activities, including our power sales agreements
with counterparties, rely on projections that depend heavily on judgments and
assumptions by management of factors such as the future market prices and demand
for power and other energy-related commodities. These factors become
more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further
into the future these estimates are made.
 Even when our policies
and procedures are followed and decisions are made based on these estimates,
results of operations may be diminished if the judgments and assumptions
underlying those calculations prove to be inaccurate.

Our financial performance may be
adversely affected if we are unable to operate our pooled electric generating
facilities successfully.  
(Applies to each
registrant.)

Our
performance is highly dependent on the successful operation of our electric
generating facilities. Operating electric
generating facilities involves many risks, including:

 ·  

 operator
 error and breakdown or failure of equipment or
 processes;

 ·  

 operating
 limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory
 requirements;

 ·  

 labor
 disputes;

 ·  

 fuel
 supply interruptions caused by transportation constraints, adverse
 weather, non-performance by our suppliers and other factors;
 and

 ·  

 catastrophic
 events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, hurricanes, terrorism,
 floods or other similar
occurrences.

A
decrease or elimination of revenues from power produced by our electric
generating facilities or an increase in the cost of operating the facilities
would adversely affect our results of operations.

Parties with whom we have contracts
may fail to perform their obligations, which could harm our results of
operations.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

We are
exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe us money or power could breach
their obligations. Should the
counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be forced to enter
into alternative hedging arrangements or honor underlying commitments at
then-current market prices that may exceed our contractual prices, which would
cause our financial results to be diminished and we might incur losses.
 Although our estimates
take into account the expected probability of default by a counterparty, our
actual exposure to a default by a counterparty may be greater than the estimates
predict.

We rely on electric transmission
facilities that we do not own or control.

If these facilities do not provide us
with adequate transmission capacity, we may not be able to deliver our wholesale
electric power to the purchasers of our power.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

We depend
on transmission facilities owned and operated by other unaffiliated power
companies to deliver the power we sell at wholesale. This dependence exposes
us to a variety of risks.
 If transmission is
disrupted, or transmission capacity is inadequate, we may not be able to sell
and deliver our wholesale power.
 If a region’s power
transmission infrastructure is inadequate, our recovery of wholesale costs and
profits may be limited.
 If restrictive
transmission price regulation is imposed, the transmission companies may not
have sufficient incentive to invest in expansion of transmission
infrastructure.

The FERC
has issued electric transmission initiatives that require electric transmission
services to be offered unbundled from commodity sales. Although these
initiatives are designed to encourage wholesale market transactions for
electricity and gas, access to transmission systems may in fact not be available
if transmission capacity is insufficient because of physical constraints or
because it is contractually unavailable.
 We also cannot predict
whether transmission facilities will be expanded in specific markets to
accommodate competitive access to those markets.

We do not fully hedge against price
changes in commodities.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

We
routinely enter into contracts to purchase and sell electricity, natural gas,
coal and emission allowances as part of our power marketing and energy and
emission allowances trading operations. In connection with
these trading activities, we routinely enter into financial contracts, including
futures and options, over-the counter options, financially-settled swaps and
other derivative contracts.
 These activities expose
us to risks from price movements.
 If the values of the
financial contracts change in a manner we do not anticipate, it could harm our
financial position or reduce the financial contribution of our trading
operations.

We manage
our exposure by establishing risk limits and entering into contracts to offset
some of our positions (i.e., to hedge our exposure to demand, market effects of
weather and other changes in commodity prices). However, we do not
always hedge the entire exposure of our operations from commodity price
volatility.
 To the
extent we do not hedge against commodity price volatility, our results of
operations and financial position may be improved or diminished based upon our
success in the market.

Proposed financial derivatives
reforms could increase the liquidity needs and costs of our commercial trading
operations
.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

In 2009,
legislation was introduced in Congress to reform financial markets that could
significantly alter how over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives are
regulated.  In December 2009, the U.S. House of Representatives
adopted legislation that would increase regulatory oversight of OTC energy
derivatives, including (1) requiring standardized OTC derivatives to be traded
on registered exchanges regulated by the CFTC, (2) imposing new and potentially
higher capital and margin requirements, and (3) authorizing the establishment of
overall volume and position limits. The legislation contains certain exceptions
that apply to end-users of energy commodities which could reduce, but not
eliminate, the applicability of these measures to us and other
end-users.  These requirements would cause our OTC transactions to be
more costly and have an adverse effect on our liquidity due to additional
capital requirements.  In addition, as these reforms aim to
standardize OTC products it could limit the effectiveness of our hedging
programs because we would have less ability to tailor OTC derivatives to match
the precise risk we are seeking to protect.