General
Risks of Our Regulated Operations

We may not be able to recover the
costs of our substantial planned investment in capital improvements and
additions. 
(Applies to each
registrant.)

Our
business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and
additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades and retrofits,
construction and/or acquisition of additional generation units and transmission
facilities, modernizing existing infrastructure as well as other initiatives.
Our public utility subsidiaries currently provide service at rates approved by
one or more regulatory commissions.  If these regulatory commissions
do not approve adjustments to the rates we charge, we would not be able to
recover the costs associated with our planned extensive
investment.  This would cause our financial results to be
diminished.  While we may seek to limit the impact of any denied
recovery by attempting to reduce the scope of our capital investment, there can
be no assurance as to the effectiveness of any such mitigation efforts,
particularly with respect to previously incurred costs and
commitments.

Our
planned capital investment program coincides with a material increase in the
price of the fuels used to generate electricity.  Most of our
jurisdictions have fuel clauses that permit us to recover these increased fuel
costs through rates without a general rate case.  While prudent
capital investment and variable fuel costs each generally warrant recovery, in
practical terms our regulators could limit the amount or timing of increased
costs that we would recover through higher rates.  Any such limitation
could cause our financial results to be diminished.

While Indiana permits the recovery of

prudently incurred
costs, 
our request for
rate recovery may not be approved
 in its entirety.

(Applies to AEP and
I&M.)

     In
January 2008, I&M filed a request to increase base rates in its Indiana
jurisdiction by approximately $80 million. The request included a return on
equity of 11.5% and the ability to introduce additional riders.  The
requested increase is attributable to additional costs relating to operating in
the PJM, reliability enhancement, demand side management, additional off-system
sales margin sharing and environmental compliance costs.  While
regulation in Indiana provides for a return on costs prudently incurred, there
can be no assurance that the IURC will approve all of the costs included in our
filing or that this process will result in rates providing full recovery in a
timely manner.  If the IURC denies the requested rate recovery, it
could adversely impact future results of operations, cash flows and financial
conditions.

Our request for rate recovery in Ohio
may not be approved

in its entirety
.  
(Applies to AEP, OPCo and
CSPCo)

In July
2008, within the parameters of the ESP, CSPCo and OPCo filed with the PUCO to
establish rates for 2009 through 2011.  CSPCo and OPCo each requested
an annual rate increase for 2009 through 2011 that would not exceed
approximately 15% per year.  A significant portion of the requested
increases results from the implementation of a fuel cost recovery mechanism that
primarily includes fuel costs, purchased power costs including renewable energy,
consumables such as urea, other variable production costs and gains and losses
on sales of emission allowances.  Management expects a PUCO decision
on the ESP filings in the first quarter of 2009. CSPCo and OPCo have requested
retroactive application of the new rates back to January 1, 2009 upon
approval.  If the PUCO denies all or part of the requested rate
recovery, it could have an adverse effect on future net income, cash flows and
financial condition.

We may not recover costs incurred to

begin 
construct
ing 
generating plants that are
canceled.

(Applies to each
registrant)

Our
business plan for the construction of new generating units involves a number of
risks, including construction delays, nonperformance by equipment suppliers, and
increases in equipment and labor costs. To limit the risks of these construction
projects, we enter into equipment purchase orders and construction contracts and
incur engineering and design service costs in advance of receiving necessary
regulatory approvals and/or siting or environmental permits. If any of these
projects is canceled for any reason, including our failure to receive necessary
regulatory approvals and/or siting or environmental permits, we could incur
significant cancellation penalties under the equipment purchase orders and
construction contracts. In addition, if we have recorded any construction work
or investments as a regulatory asset we may need to impair that asset in the
event the project is canceled.

Rate regulation may delay or deny
full recovery of 
capital
improvements
,

additions
 and other 
costs. 
(Applies to each
registrant.)

Our
public utility subsidiaries currently provide service at rates approved by one
or more regulatory commissions.  These rates are generally regulated
based on an analysis of the applicable utility’s expenses incurred in a test
year.  Thus, the rates a utility is allowed to charge may or may not
match its expenses at any given time.  There may also be a delay
between the timing of when these costs are incurred and when these costs are
recovered.  Traditionally, we have financed capital investments and
improvements until the new asset was placed in service.  Provided the
asset was found to be a prudent investment, the asset was then added to rate
base and entitled to a return through rate recovery.  Long lead times
in construction, the high costs of plant and equipment and difficult capital
markets has heightened the risks involved in our capital investments and
improvements. While we are actively pursuing strategies to accelerate rate
recognition of investments and cash flow, including pre-approvals, a return on
construction work in progress, rider/trackers, securitization, formula rates and
the inclusion of future test-year projections into rates, there can be no
assurance that these will be adopted, that the applicable regulatory commission
will judge all of our costs to have been prudently incurred or that the
regulatory process in which rates are determined will always result in rates
that will produce full recovery of our costs in a timely manner.

Certain of our revenues and results
of operations are subject to risks that are beyond our
control.  
(Applies to each
registrant.)

Our
operations are structured to comply with all applicable federal and state laws
and regulations and we take measures to minimize the risk of significant
disruptions.  Material disruptions at one or more of our operational
facilities, however, could negatively impact our revenues, operating and capital
expenditures and results of operations.  Such events may also create
additional risks related to the supply and/or cost of equipment and
materials.  We could experience unexpected but significant
interruption due to several events, including:

 ·  

 major
 facility or equipment failure;

 ·  

 an
 environmental event such as a serious spill or
 release;

 ·  

 fires,
 floods, droughts, earthquakes, hurricanes or other natural
 disasters;

 ·  

 wars,
 terrorist acts or threats and other catastrophic
 events;

 ·  

 significant
 health impairments or disease events,
and;

 ·  

 other
 serious operational problems.

We are exposed to nuclear generation
risk.
 (Applies to AEP
and I&M.)

Through
I&M, we own the Cook Plant.  It consists of two nuclear generating
units for a rated capacity of 2,191 MW, or 8-9% of the electricity we
generate.  We are, therefore, subject to the risks of nuclear
generation, which include the following:

 ·  

 the
 potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting
 from the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and
 disposal of radioactive materials such as spent nuclear
 fuel;

 ·  

 limitations
 on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover
 losses that might arise in connection with our nuclear
 operations;

 ·  

 uncertainties
 with respect to contingencies and assessment amounts if insurance coverage
 is inadequate (federal law requires owners of nuclear units to purchase
 the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance and
 potentially contribute to the losses of others);
 and,

 ·  

 uncertainties
 with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning
 nuclear plants at the end of their licensed
 lives.

There can
be no assurance that I&M’s preparations or risk mitigation measures will be
adequate if and when these risks are triggered.

The NRC
has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related
requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities.  In
the event of non-compliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines or shut
down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the
situation, until compliance is achieved.  Revised safety requirements
promulgated by the NRC could necessitate substantial capital expenditures at
nuclear plants such as ours.  In addition, although we have no reason
to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at our plants, if an incident did
occur, it could harm our results of operations or financial
condition.  A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the
world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any
domestic nuclear unit.  Moreover, a major incident at any nuclear
facility in the U.S. could require us to make material contributory
payments.

The different regional power markets
in which we compete or will compete in the future have changing transmission
regulatory structures, which could affect our performance in these
regions.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

Our
results are likely to be affected by differences in the market and transmission
regulatory structures in various regional power markets.  The rules
governing the various regional power markets, including SPP and PJM, may also
change from time to time which could affect our costs or
revenues.  Because the manner in which RTOs will evolve remains
unclear, we are unable to assess fully the impact that changes in these power
markets may have on our business.

The amount we charged third parties
for using our transmission facilities has been reduced and is subject to
refund.

(
Applies to AEP, APCo, CSPCo, I&M
and OPCo.)

In July
2003, the FERC issued an order directing PJM and MISO to make compliance filings
for their respective tariffs to eliminate the transaction-based charges for
through and out (T&O) transmission service on transactions where the energy
is delivered within those RTOs.  The elimination of the T&O rates
reduced the transmission service revenues collected by the RTOs and thereby
reduced the revenues received by transmission owners under the RTOs’ revenue
distribution protocols. To mitigate the impact of lost T&O revenues, the
FERC approved temporary replacement seams elimination cost allocation (SECA)
transition rates beginning in December 2004 and extending through March
2006.  Because intervenors objected to this decision, the SECA fees we
collected ($220 million) are subject to refund.  

A hearing
was held in May 2006 to determine whether any of the SECA revenues should be
refunded. In August 2006, the ALJ ruled that the rate design for the recovery of
SECA charges was flawed and that a large portion was not recoverable. The ALJ
found that the SECA rates charged were unfair, unjust and discriminatory, and
that new compliance filings and refunds should be made. The ALJ also found that
unpaid SECA rates must be paid in the recommended reduced amount.  The
FERC has not ruled on the matter.  If the FERC upholds the decision of
the ALJ, it would disallow $90 million of the AEP East companies’ remaining
unsettled $108 million of unsettled gross SECA revenues.  AEP has
settled $112 million of SECA revenues for $10 million. We have recorded a
provision for estimated settlement refunds.   After completed and
in-process settlements, the AEP East companies have a remaining reserve balance
of $34 million to settle the remaining $108 million in unsettled gross SECA
revenues. Based on this settlement history, the $34 million reserve balance
should be adequate to absorb the potential refund of the remaining contested
SECA rates, assuming that the claims are settled.  Payments in excess
of the reserve balance could harm our results of operations and financial
position.

An increase in the amount PJM charges
us for transmitting power over its network may not be fully
recoverable.
 (Applies to AEP and
I&M.)

On June
1, 2007, in response to a 2006 FERC order, PJM revised its methodology for
calculating the effect of transmission line losses in generation dispatch when
determining locational marginal prices.   The new method is
designed to recognize the varying delivery costs of transmitting electricity
from individual generator locations to the places where customers consume the
energy.  Due to the implementation of the new methodology, we
experienced an increase in the cost of transmitting energy to customer load
zones in the PJM.  AEP has initiated discussions with PJM regarding
the impact of the new methodology and will pursue a modification through the
appropriate stakeholder processes.  Management believes these
additional costs should be recoverable through retail and/or cost-based
wholesale rates.  Recovery has been authorized by the PUCO, KPSC, VSCC
and WVPSC.  The adjudication of the filing with the IURC is
pending.  In the interim, such costs in these jurisdictions will have
an adverse effect on future results of operations and cash
flows.  Management is unable to predict whether full recovery will
ultimately be approved.

We could be subject to higher costs
and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards. 
(Applies to each
registrant.)

As a
result of EPACT, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system are
subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by the North American
Electric Reliability Corporation and enforced by the FERC. These standards,
which previously were being applied on a voluntary basis, became mandatory in
June 2007. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to
ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and is guided by reliability and
market interface principles. Compliance with new reliability standards may
subject us to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures.
While we expect to recover costs and expenditures from customers through
regulated rates, there can be no assurance that the applicable commissions will
approve full recovery in a timely manner.  If we were found not to be
in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, we could be subject to
sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties, which likely would not be
recoverable from customers through regulated rates.

At times, demand for power could
exceed our supply capacity
.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

We are
currently obligated to supply power in parts of eleven states.  From
time to time, because of unforeseen circumstances, the demand for power required
to meet these obligations could exceed our available generation
capacity.  If this occurs, we would have to buy power from the
market.  This would increase the pressure on our short-term debt
financing capacity in times of tight liquidity.  We may not always
have the ability to pass these costs on to our customers, and the time lag
between incurring costs and recovery can be long.  Since these
situations most often occur during periods of peak demand, it is possible that
the market price for power at that time would be very high. Even if a supply
shortage were brief, we could suffer substantial losses that could reduce our
results of operations.

Risks
Related to Market, Economic or Financial Volatility

If we are unable to access capital
markets on reasonable terms, it could have an adverse impact on our net income,
cash flows and financial condition.  
(Applies to each
registrant)

We rely
on access to capital markets as a significant source of liquidity for capital
requirements not satisfied by operating cash flows.  The recent
volatility and reduced liquidity in the financial markets could affect our
ability to raise capital and fund our capital needs, including construction
costs and refinancing maturing indebtedness.  In addition, if capital
is available only on less than reasonable terms or to borrowers whose
creditworthiness is better than ours, capital costs could increase
materially.  Restricted access to capital markets and/or increased
borrowing costs could have an adverse impact on net income, cash flows and
financial condition.

Downgrades in our credit ratings
could negatively affect our ability to access capital and/or to operate our
power trading businesses.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

The
credit ratings agencies periodically review our capital structure and the
quality and stability of our earnings.  Any negative ratings actions
could constrain the capital available to our industry and could limit our access
to funding for our operations.  Our business is capital intensive, and
we are dependent upon our ability to access capital at rates and on terms we
determine to be attractive.  In the current period of market turmoil,
access to capital is difficult for all borrowers.  If our ability to
access capital becomes significantly constrained, our costs of capital will
likely increase and our financial condition could be harmed and future results
of operations could be adversely affected.

If
Moody’s or S&P were to downgrade the long-term rating of any of the
securities of the registrants, particularly below
investment grade, the borrowing costs of that registrant would increase, which
would diminish its financial results.  In addition, the registrant’s
potential pool of investors and funding sources could decrease.  Over
the first two months of 2009, Moody’s placed the senior unsecured debt rating of
AEP on negative outlook, the senior unsecured debt rating of OPCo, SWEPCo, TCC
and TNC on review for possible downgrade and changed the outlook of APCo from
negative to stable.  In February 2008 Fitch downgraded the senior
unsecured debt rating of PSO to BBB+ with stable outlook.  Fitch
placed the senior unsecured debt rating of APCo and TCC on negative outlook in
May 2008 and February 2009, respectively.

Our power
trading business relies on the investment grade ratings of our individual public
utility subsidiaries’ senior unsecured long-term debt.  Most of our
counterparties require the creditworthiness of an investment grade entity to
stand behind transactions.  If those ratings were to decline below
investment grade, our ability to operate our power trading business profitably
would be diminished because we would likely have to deposit cash or cash-related
instruments which would reduce our profits.

Our retirement plans may require
additional significant contributions.
 (Applies to each
registrant.)

The
performance of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held
in trust to satisfy future obligations under our defined benefit pension plans.
The recent deterioration of the capital markets has led to a decline in the
market value of these assets and a reduction in the benchmark discount rate with
respect to a return on these assets. Accordingly, we expect that our future
funding requirements of the obligations under our defined benefit plans to
significantly increase.

AEP has no income or cash flow apart
from dividends paid or other obligations due it from its
subsidiaries.  
(Applies to
AEP.)

AEP is a
holding company and has no operations of its own.  Its ability to meet
its financial obligations associated with its indebtedness and to pay dividends
on its common stock is primarily dependent on the earnings and cash flows of its
operating subsidiaries, primarily its regulated utilities, and the ability of
its subsidiaries to pay dividends to, or repay loans from, AEP.  Its
subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities that have no obligation
(apart from loans from AEP) to provide AEP with funds for its payment
obligations, whether by dividends, distributions or other payments. Payments to
AEP by its subsidiaries are also contingent upon their earnings and business
considerations. In addition, any payment of dividends, distributions or advances
by the utility subsidiaries to AEP would be subject to regulatory or contractual
restrictions.  AEP indebtedness and common stock dividends are
effectively subordinated to all subsidiary indebtedness and preferred stock
obligations.

Our operating results may fluctuate
on a seasonal 
or

quarterly
basis

and
 with general economic
conditions
.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

Electric
power generation is generally a seasonal business.  In many parts of
the country, demand for power peaks during the hot summer months, with market
prices also peaking at that time.  In other areas, power demand peaks
during the winter.  As a result, our overall operating results in the
future may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis.  The pattern
of this fluctuation may change depending on the terms of power sale contracts
that we enter into.  In addition, we have historically sold less
power, and consequently earned less income, when weather conditions are
milder.  Unusually mild weather in the future could diminish our
results of operations and harm our financial condition.  Conversely,
unusually extreme weather conditions could increase AEP’s results of operations
in a manner that would not likely be sustainable.  Further,
deteriorating economic conditions generally result in reduced consumption by our
customers, particularly industrial customers who may curtail operations or cease
production entirely, while an expanding economic environment generally results
in increased revenues.  As a result, our overall operating results in
the future may fluctuate on the basis of prevailing economic
conditions.  For example, a leading customer of APCO, Century Aluminum
in West Virginia, announced in February 2009 that it was ceasing
operations.

Failure to attract and retain an
appropriately qualified workforce could harm our results of operations.

(Applies to each
registrant.)

Certain
events, such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, mismatch of
skillset or complement to future needs, or unavailability of contract resources
may lead to operating challenges and increased costs. The challenges include
lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with
skill development. In this case, costs, including costs for contractors to
replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may rise. Failure to
hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of
significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, or
the future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the
ability to manage and operate our business.  If we are unable to
successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, our
results of operations could be negatively affected.

Parties we have engaged to provide
construction materials or services may fail to perform their obligations, which
could harm our results of operations.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

Our
business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and
additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades, construction of
additional generation units and transmission facilities as well as other
initiatives.   We are exposed to the risk of substantial price
increases in the costs of materials used in construction.  We have
engaged numerous contractors and entered into a large number of agreements to
acquire the necessary materials and/or obtain the required construction related
services.  As a result, we are also exposed to the risk that these
contractors and other counterparties could breach their obligations to
us.  Should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform,
we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements at then-current market
prices that may exceed our contractual prices and almost certainly cause delays
in that and related projects.   Although our agreements are
designed to mitigate the consequences of a potential default by the
counterparty, our actual exposure may be greater than these mitigation
provisions. This would cause our financial results to be diminished, and we
might incur losses or delays in completing construction.

Changes in commodity prices

and the costs of
transport 
may increase
our cost of producing power or decrease the amount we receive from selling
power, harming our financial performance
.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

We are
exposed to changes in the price and availability of coal and the price and
availability to transport coal because most of our generating capacity is
coal-fired.  We have contracts of varying durations for the supply of
coal for most of our existing generation capacity, but as these contracts end or
otherwise are not honored, we may not be able to purchase coal on terms as
favorable as the current contracts.   Similarly, we are exposed
to changes in the price and availability of emission
allowances.   We use emission allowances based on the amount of
coal we use as fuel and the reductions achieved through emission controls and
other measures.   According to our estimates, we have procured
sufficient emission allowances to cover our projected needs for the next two
years and for much of the projected needs for periods beyond
that.   At some point, however, we may have to obtain additional
allowances and those purchases may not be on as favorable terms as those
currently obtained.

We also
own natural gas-fired facilities, which increases our exposure to market prices
of natural gas. Natural gas prices tend to be more volatile than prices for
other fuel sources. Our ability to make off-system sales at a profit is highly
dependent on the price of natural gas.  As the price of natural gas
falls, other market participants that utilize natural gas-fired generation will
be able to offer electricity at increasingly competitive prices relative to our
off-system sales prices, so the margins we realize from sales will be lower and,
on occasion, we may need to curtail operation of marginal plants.

The price
trends for coal, natural gas and emission allowances have shown material
increases in the recent past.   Changes in the cost of coal,
emission allowances or natural gas and changes in the relationship between such
costs and the market prices of power will affect our financial
results.  Since the prices we obtain for power may not change at the
same rate as the change in coal, emission allowances or natural gas costs, we
may be unable to pass on the changes in costs to our customers.

In
addition, actual power prices and fuel costs will differ from those assumed in
financial projections used to value our trading and marketing transactions, and
those differences may be material.  As a result, our financial results
may be diminished in the future as those transactions are marked to
market.

In Ohio, we have limited ability to
pass on our fuel costs to our customers.
  (Applies to AEP, CSPCo
and OPCo.)

Because
generation is no longer regulated in Ohio, we are exposed to risk from changes
in the market prices of coal, natural gas, and emissions allowances used to
generate power.  The prices of coal, natural gas and emissions
allowances have increased materially in the recent past.  The
protection afforded by retail fuel clause recovery mechanisms has been
eliminated by the implementation of customer choice in Ohio, which represents
approximately 20% of our fuel costs.  As long as generating costs
cannot be passed through to customers as a matter of right in Ohio, we retain
these risks.  If we cannot recover an amount sufficient to cover our
actual fuel costs, our results of operations and cash flows would be adversely
affected.

Risks
Relating to State Restructuring

There is uncertainty as to our
recovery of stranded costs resulting from industry restructuring in
Texas.
  (Applies to
AEP.)

Restructuring
legislation in Texas required utilities with stranded costs to use market-based
methods to value certain generating assets for determining stranded
costs.  We elected to use the sale of assets method to determine the
market value of TCC’s generation assets for stranded cost
purposes.  In general terms, the amount of stranded costs under this
market valuation methodology is the amount by which the book value of generating
assets, including regulatory assets and liabilities that were not securitized,
exceeds the market value of the generation assets, as measured by the net
proceeds from the sale of the assets. In May 2005, TCC filed its stranded cost
quantification application with the PUCT seeking recovery of $2.4 billion of net
stranded generation costs and other recoverable true-up items.  A
final order was issued in April 2006.  In the final order, the PUCT
determined TCC’s net stranded generation costs and other recoverable true-up
items to be approximately $1.475 billion.  We have appealed the PUCT’s
final order seeking additional recovery consistent with the Texas Restructuring
Legislation and related rules, other parties have appealed the PUCT’s final
order as unwarranted or too large. Management cannot predict the ultimate
outcome of any future court appeals or any future remanded PUCT
proceeding.

Collection of our revenues in Texas
is concentrated in a limited number of REPs.

(Applies to
AEP.)

Our
revenues from the distribution of electricity in the ERCOT area of Texas are
collected from REPs that supply the electricity we distribute to their
customers.  Currently, we do business with approximately seventy
REPs.  In 2008, TCC’s largest customer accounted for 28% of its
operating revenues; TNC’s largest customer (a non-utility affiliate) accounted
for 28% of its operating revenues and its second largest customer accounted for
12% of its operating revenues.  Adverse economic conditions,
structural problems in the Texas market or financial difficulties of one or more
REPs could impair the ability of these REPs to pay for our services or could
cause them to delay such payments.  We depend on these REPs for timely
remittance of payments.  Any delay or default in payment could
adversely affect the timing and receipt of our cash flows and thereby have an
adverse effect on our liquidity.

Risks
Related to Owning and Operating Generation Assets and Selling Power

Our costs of compliance with
environmental laws are significant and the cost of compliance with future
environmental laws could harm our cash flow and profitability or cause some of
our electric generating units to be uneconomical to maintain or operate.

(Applies to each
registrant)

Our
operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental
statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste
management, natural resources and health and safety.  Approximately
90% of the electricity generated by the AEP system is produced by the combustion
of fossil fuels.  Emissions of nitrogen and sulfur oxides, mercury and
particulates from fossil fueled generating plants are potentially subject to
increased regulations, controls and mitigation expenses.  Compliance
with these legal requirements requires us to commit significant capital toward
environmental monitoring, installation of pollution control equipment, emission
fees and permits at all of our facilities.  These expenditures have
been significant in the past, and we expect that they will increase in the
future.  Further, environmental advocacy groups, other organizations
and some agencies in the United States are focusing considerable attention on
CO2
emissions from power generation facilities and their potential role in climate
change.  Although several bills have been introduced in Congress that
would compel CO
2 emission
reductions, none have advanced through the legislature.  In April 2007
the U.S. Supreme Court determined that CO
2 is an “air
pollutant” and that the Federal EPA has authority to regulate CO
2 emissions
under the CAA.  In July 2008 the Federal EPA issued an advance notice
of proposed rulemaking (ANPR) that requests comments on a wide variety of issues
in response to the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision.  The ANPR could lead
to regulations limiting the emissions of CO
2 from our
generating plants.  In addition, the Obama administration has
indicated that it intends to focus on reducing CO
2
 emissions.

Costs of
compliance with environmental regulations could adversely affect our net income
and financial position, especially if emission and/or discharge limits are
tightened, more extensive permitting requirements are imposed, additional
substances become regulated and the number and types of assets we operate
increase.  All of our estimates are subject to significant
uncertainties about the outcome of several interrelated assumptions and
variables, including timing of implementation, required levels of reductions,
allocation requirements of the new rules and our selected compliance
alternatives.  As a result, we cannot estimate our compliance costs
with certainty.  The actual costs to comply could differ significantly
from our estimates.  All of the costs are incremental to our current
investment base and operating cost structure.  In addition, any legal
obligation that would require us to substantially reduce our emissions beyond
present levels could require extensive mitigation efforts and, in the case of
CO2
legislation, would raise uncertainty about the future viability of fossil fuels,
particularly coal, as an energy source for new and existing electric generation
facilities.  While we expect to recover our expenditures for pollution
control technologies, replacement generation and associated operating costs from
customers through regulated rates (in regulated jurisdictions) or market prices,
without such recovery those costs could adversely affect future net income and
cash flows, and possibly financial condition.

Governmental authorities may assess
penalties on us if it is determined that we have not complied with environmental
laws and regulations.
 (
Applies to each
registrant
.)

If we
fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by
factors beyond our control, that failure may result in the assessment of civil
or criminal penalties and fines against us.  In July 2004 attorneys
general of eight states and others sued AEP and other utilities alleging that
CO2
emissions from power generating facilities constitute a public nuisance under
federal common law.  The trial court dismissed the suits and
plaintiffs have appealed the dismissal.  While we believe the claims
are without merit, the costs associated with reducing CO
2 emissions
could harm our business and our results of operations and financial
position.

If these
or other future actions are resolved against us, substantial modifications of
our existing coal-fired power plants could be required.  In addition,
we could be required to invest significantly in additional emission control
equipment, accelerate the timing of capital expenditures, pay penalties and/or
halt operations.  Moreover, our results of operations and financial
position could be reduced due to the timing of recovery of these investments and
the expense of ongoing litigation.

Our financial performance may be
impaired if Cook Plant Unit 1 is not returned to service in a reasonable period
of time or in a cost-efficient manner.  
(Applies to AEP and
I&M)

Cook
Plant Unit 1 is a 1,055 MW nuclear generating unit located in Bridgman,
Michigan. In September 2008, I&M shut down Unit 1 due to turbine vibrations,
likely caused by blade failure, which resulted in a fire on the electric
generator.  I&M is working with its insurance company and turbine
vendor to evaluate the extent of the damage resulting from the incident and the
costs to return the unit to service.  Repair and replacement of the
turbine rotors is estimated to cost up to approximately $330
million.  Management believes that I&M should recover a
significant portion of these costs through the turbine vendor’s warranty,
insurance and the regulatory process.  If any of these costs are not
covered by warranty, insurance or recovered through the regulatory process, or
if the unit is not returned to service in a reasonable period of time, it could
have an adverse impact on net income, cash flows and financial
condition.

Our revenues and results of
operations from selling power are subject to market risks that are beyond our
control.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

We sell
power from our generation facilities into the spot market or other competitive
power markets or on a contractual basis.  We also enter into contracts
to purchase and sell electricity, natural gas, emission allowances and coal as
part of our power marketing and energy trading operations.  With
respect to such transactions, the rate of return on our capital investments is
not determined through mandated rates, and our revenues and results of
operations are likely to depend, in large part, upon prevailing market prices
for power in our regional markets and other competitive
markets.  These market prices can fluctuate substantially over
relatively short periods of time.  Trading margins may erode as
markets mature and there may be diminished opportunities for gain should
volatility decline.  In addition, the FERC, which has jurisdiction
over wholesale power rates, as well as RTOs that oversee some of these markets,
may impose price limitations, bidding rules and other mechanisms to address some
of the volatility in these markets.  Power supply and other similar
agreements entered into during extreme market conditions may subsequently be
held to be unenforceable by a reviewing court or the FERC.  Fuel and
emissions prices may also be volatile, and the price we can obtain for power
sales may not change at the same rate as changes in fuel and/or emissions
costs.  These factors could reduce our margins and therefore diminish
our revenues and results of operations.

Volatility
in market prices for fuel and power may result from:

 ·  

 weather
 conditions;

 ·  

 seasonality;

 ·  

 power
 usage;

 ·  

 illiquid
 markets;

 ·  

 transmission
 or transportation constraints or
inefficiencies;

 ·  

 availability
 of competitively priced alternative energy
 sources;

 ·  

 demand
 for energy commodities;

 ·  

 natural
 gas, crude oil and refined products, and coal production
 levels;

 ·  

 natural
 disasters, wars, embargoes and other catastrophic events;
 and

 ·  

 federal,
 state and foreign energy and environmental regulation and
 legislation.

Our power trading (including coal,
gas and e
mission
allowances trading
 and
power marketing) and risk management policies cannot eliminate the risk
associated with these activities.  
(Applies to each
registrant.)

Our power
trading (including coal, gas and emission allowances trading and power
marketing) activities expose us to risks of commodity price
movements.  We attempt to manage our exposure by establishing and
enforcing risk limits and risk management procedures.  These risk
limits and risk management procedures may not work as planned and cannot
eliminate the risks associated with these activities.  As a result, we
cannot predict the impact that our energy trading and risk management decisions
may have on our business, operating results or financial position.

We
routinely have open trading positions in the market, within guidelines we set,
resulting from the management of our trading portfolio.  To the extent
open trading positions exist, fluctuating commodity prices can improve or
diminish our financial results and financial position.

Our power
trading and risk management activities, including our power sales agreements
with counterparties, rely on projections that depend heavily on judgments and
assumptions by management of factors such as the future market prices and demand
for power and other energy-related commodities.  These factors become
more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further
into the future these estimates are made.  Even when our policies and
procedures are followed and decisions are made based on these estimates, results
of operations may be diminished if the judgments and assumptions underlying
those calculations prove to be inaccurate.

Our financial performance may be
adversely affected if we are unable to operate our pooled electric generating
facilities successfully.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

Our
performance is highly dependent on the successful operation of our electric
generating facilities.  Operating electric generating facilities
involves many risks, including:

 ·  

 operator
 error and breakdown or failure of equipment or
 processes;

 ·  

 operating
 limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory
 requirements;

 ·  

 labor
 disputes;

 ·  

 fuel
 supply interruptions caused by transportation constraints, adverse
 weather, non-performance by our suppliers and other factors;
 and

 ·  

 catastrophic
 events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, hurricanes, terrorism,
 floods or other similar
occurrences.

A
decrease or elimination of revenues from power produced by our electric
generating facilities or an increase in the cost of operating the facilities
would adversely affect our results of operations.

Parties with whom we have contracts
may fail to perform their obligations, which could harm our results of
operations.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

We are
exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe us money or power could breach
their obligations.  Should the counterparties to these arrangements
fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative hedging arrangements
or honor underlying commitments at then-current market prices that may exceed
our contractual prices, which would cause our financial results to be diminished
and we might incur losses. Although our estimates take into account the expected
probability of default by a counterparty, our actual exposure to a default by a
counterparty may be greater than the estimates predict.

We rely on electric transmission
facilities that we do not own or control.  If these facilities do not
provide us with adequate transmission capacity, we may not be able to deliver
our wholesale electric power to the purchasers of our power.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

We depend
on transmission facilities owned and operated by other unaffiliated power
companies to deliver the power we sell at wholesale.  This dependence
exposes us to a variety of risks.  If transmission is disrupted, or
transmission capacity is inadequate, we may not be able to sell and deliver our
wholesale power.  If a region’s power transmission infrastructure is
inadequate, our recovery of wholesale costs and profits may be
limited.  If restrictive transmission price regulation is imposed, the
transmission companies may not have sufficient incentive to invest in expansion
of transmission infrastructure.

The FERC
has issued electric transmission initiatives that require electric transmission
services to be offered unbundled from commodity sales.  Although these
initiatives are designed to encourage wholesale market transactions for
electricity and gas, access to transmission systems may in fact not be available
if transmission capacity is insufficient because of physical constraints or
because it is contractually unavailable.  We also cannot predict
whether transmission facilities will be expanded in specific markets to
accommodate competitive access to those markets.

We do not fully hedge against price
changes in commodities.
  (Applies to each
registrant.)

We
routinely enter into contracts to purchase and sell electricity, natural gas,
coal and emission allowances as part of our power marketing and energy and
emission allowances trading operations.  In connection with these
trading activities, we routinely enter into financial contracts, including
futures and options, over-the counter options, financially-settled swaps and
other derivative contracts.  These activities expose us to risks from
price movements.  If the values of the financial contracts change in a
manner we do not anticipate, it could harm our financial position or reduce the
financial contribution of our trading operations.

We manage
our exposure by establishing risk limits and entering into contracts to offset
some of our positions (i.e., to hedge our exposure to demand, market effects of
weather and other changes in commodity prices).  However, we do not
always hedge the entire exposure of our operations from commodity price
volatility.  To the extent we do not hedge against commodity price
volatility, our results of operations and financial position may be improved or
diminished based upon our success in the market.