You should consider carefully the following risks, along with the other information contained in or incorporated by reference in this
Form 10-K. Additional risks and uncertainties also may adversely affect our business and operations including those discussed in Item 7.—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in
this Form 10-K. If any of the following events actually occur, our business, financial results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

Risks Associated with our Disclosure Controls and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We completed the remediation of our material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting in 2008. However, our disclosure controls and procedures may not be effective in future periods
if our judgments prove incorrect or new material weaknesses are identified. 

For each of the fiscal quarters since
December 31, 2004 through September 30, 2008, our management reported material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency (within the meaning of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (“PCAOB”) Auditing Standard No. 5), or a combination of deficiencies, that adversely affects a company’s ability to initiate, authorize, record, process, or report external financial data reliably in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. As a result of these material weaknesses, our
management concluded that for each of the fiscal quarters from December 31, 2004 through September 30, 2008, we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that financial information that we are required to disclose in our reports under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized and reported accurately. 

To address these material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, each time we prepared our annual and quarterly
reports, we performed additional analyses and other post-closing procedures. These 

73 

Table of Contents

additional procedures were costly, time consuming and required us to dedicate a significant amount of our resources, including the time and attention of our senior management, toward the
correction of these problems. Nevertheless, even with these additional procedures, the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting caused us to have errors in our financial statements and since 2003 we had to restate our
annual financial statements six times to correct these errors. 

The material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting also caused us to delay the filing of certain quarterly and annual reports with the SEC to dates that went beyond the deadlines prescribed by the SEC’s rules to file such reports. We did not timely file with the SEC our quarterly and
annual reports for the year ended December 31, 2005, our quarterly reports for the second and third quarters of 2005, our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2006, and our quarterly report for the quarter ended March 31,
2007. Under SEC rules, failure to timely file these reports prohibited us for a period of twelve months from offering and selling our securities pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which impaired our ability to access the
capital markets through the public sale of registered securities in a timely manner. The failure to file our annual and quarterly reports with the SEC in a timely fashion also resulted in covenant defaults under our senior secured credit facility
and the indenture governing certain of our outstanding debt securities. Such defaults required us to obtain a waiver from the lenders under the senior secured credit facility; however the default under the indentures was cured upon the filing of the
reports within the permitted grace period. In addition to these problems, the material weaknesses in internal controls, the restatements of our financial statements and the delay in the filing of our annual and quarterly reports exposed us to other
risks including, but not limited to: 

•

 litigation or an expansion of the SEC’s informal inquiry into our restatements or the commencement of formal proceedings by the SEC or other
regulatory authorities, which could require us to incur significant legal expenses and other costs or to pay damages, fines or other penalties; 

•

 negative publicity; 

•

 ratings downgrades; 

•

 inability to raise capital in the public markets and/or private markets when desired or necessary; or 

•

 the loss or impairment of investor confidence in the Company. 

Since December 31, 2008, our management has reported that all of our previously identified material weaknesses have been remediated
and that our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls have been effective. For a discussion of our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls, see Item 9A.—Controls and Procedures in
this Form 10-K. In making its assessment about the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures, management had to make certain judgments and it is possible that any number of their
judgments could prove to be incorrect and that our remediation efforts did not fully and completely cure the previously identified material weaknesses. There is also the possibility that there are other material weaknesses in our internal control
that are unknown to us or that new material weaknesses may develop in the future. The existence of any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting would subject us to all of the risks described above. 

Furthermore, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls is subject to risks that those internal controls may become inadequate in
future periods because of changes in business conditions, changes in accounting practice or policy, or that the degree of compliance with the revised policies or procedures deteriorates over time. Management, including our CEO and CFO, does not
expect that our internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.
Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. 

74 

Table of Contents

In the future, we may be adversely impacted by the efforts required to adopt new
accounting standards issued by the FASB as a result of the convergence of accounting standards project between the FASB and IASB 

The U.S Financial Accounting Standards Board (the “FASB”), which establishes accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”) guidelines that companies follow in
the United States, and the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), which is an international accounting standards setter outside of the United States, are presently engaged in a project to converge several accounting standards.
The convergence project may result in the issuance of several new accounting standards in the future that revise existing GAAP accounting standards and which the Company may be required to adopt under GAAP. 

Based on the present timeline released by the FASB, several pronouncements could be issued in final form in 2011. Although the release of
final pronouncements is not assured and the proposed adoption dates of these standards have not been set, each new standard that the Company must comply with may require significant effort to adopt. For each new standard, the Company will be
required to evaluate the impact of any accounting changes necessitated by a new standard which will include, but not be limited to, an evaluation of a new standard’s impact on its financial statements and contractual arrangements; planning for
and implementation of any changes to accounting systems; processes and procedures to ensure the Company properly complies with a new standard; and training personnel. To the extent that multiple standards are effective as of one date or in close
proximity to one another, the Company may require considerable resources to achieve compliance with these new standards. An inability to complete these efforts prior to their effective date could have an adverse effect on our ability to timely file
our financial statements with the SEC and/or the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Risks
Related to our High Level of Indebtedness 

We have a significant amount of debt, a large percentage of which is
secured, which could adversely affect our business and the ability to fulfill our obligations. 

As of
December 31, 2010, we had approximately $19.7 billion of outstanding indebtedness on a consolidated basis. All outstanding borrowings under The AES Corporation’s senior secured credit facility and certain other indebtedness are secured by
certain of our assets, including the pledge of capital stock of many of The AES Corporation’s directly held subsidiaries. Most of the debt of The AES Corporation’s subsidiaries is secured by substantially all of the assets of those
subsidiaries. Since we have such a high level of debt, a substantial portion of cash flow from operations must be used to make payments on this debt. Furthermore, since a significant percentage of our assets are used to secure this debt, this
reduces the amount of collateral that is available for future secured debt or credit support and reduces our flexibility in dealing with these secured assets. This high level of indebtedness and related security could have other important
consequences to us and our investors, including: 

•

 making it more difficult to satisfy debt service and other obligations at the holding company and/or individual subsidiaries;

•

 increasing the likelihood of a downgrade of our debt, which could cause future debt costs and/or payments to increase under our debt and related
hedging instruments and consume an even greater portion of cash flow; 

•

 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse industry conditions and economic conditions, including but not limited to adverse changes in foreign
exchange rates and commodity prices; 

•

 reducing the availability of cash flow to fund other corporate purposes and grow our business; 

•

 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry; 

•

 placing us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors that are not as highly leveraged; and 

75 

Table of Contents

•

 limiting, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants relating to such indebtedness, among other things, our ability to borrow additional
funds as needed or take advantage of business opportunities as they arise, pay cash dividends or repurchase common stock. 

The agreements governing our indebtedness, including the indebtedness of our subsidiaries, limit, but do not prohibit the incurrence of additional indebtedness. To the extent we become more leveraged, the
risks described above would increase. Further, our actual cash requirements in the future may be greater than expected. Accordingly, our cash flows may not be sufficient to repay at maturity all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due and, in that
event, we may not be able to borrow money, sell assets, raise equity or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms or at all to refinance our debt as it becomes due. See Note 10—Debt included in Item 8. of this Form 10-K for a
schedule of our debt maturities. 

The AES Corporation is a holding company and its ability to make payments on its
outstanding indebtedness, including its public debt securities, is dependent upon the receipt of funds from its subsidiaries by way of dividends, fees, interest, loans or otherwise. 

The AES Corporation is a holding company with no material assets other than the stock of its subsidiaries. All of The AES
Corporation’s revenue is generated through its subsidiaries. Accordingly, almost all of The AES Corporation’s cash flow is generated by the operating activities of its subsidiaries. Therefore, The AES Corporation’s ability to make
payments on its indebtedness and to fund its other obligations is dependent not only on the ability of its subsidiaries to generate cash, but also on the ability of the subsidiaries to distribute cash to it in the form of dividends, fees, interest,
loans or otherwise. 

However, our subsidiaries face various restrictions in their ability to distribute cash to The AES
Corporation. Most of the subsidiaries are obligated, pursuant to loan agreements, indentures or project financing arrangements, to satisfy certain restricted payment covenants or other conditions before they may make distributions to The AES
Corporation. In addition, the payment of dividends or the making of loans, advances or other payments to The AES Corporation may be subject to other contractual, legal or regulatory restrictions. Business performance and local accounting and tax
rules may limit the amount of retained earnings that may be distributed to us as a dividend. Subsidiaries in foreign countries may also be prevented from distributing funds to The AES Corporation as a result of foreign governments restricting the
repatriation of funds or the conversion of currencies. Any right that The AES Corporation has to receive any assets of any of its subsidiaries upon any liquidation, dissolution, winding up, receivership, reorganization, bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar proceedings (and the consequent right of the holders of The AES Corporation’s indebtedness to participate in the distribution of, or to realize proceeds from, those assets) will be effectively subordinated to the claims of any such
subsidiary’s creditors (including trade creditors and holders of debt issued by such subsidiary). 

The AES Corporation
could receive less funds than it expects as a result of the current challenges facing the global and local economies, which could impact the performance of our businesses and their ability to distribute cash to The AES Corporation. For further
discussion of the macroeconomic environment and its impact on our business, see Item 7.—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Global Economic Conditions. 

The AES Corporation’s subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and, unless they have expressly guaranteed any of The
AES Corporation’s indebtedness, have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any amounts due pursuant to such debt or to make any funds available whether by dividends, fees, loans or other payments. While some of The AES
Corporation’s subsidiaries guarantee the Parent’s indebtedness under the Parent’s senior secured credit facility, none of its subsidiaries guarantee, or are otherwise obligated with respect to, its outstanding public debt securities.

76 

Table of Contents

Even though The AES Corporation is a holding company, existing and potential future
defaults by subsidiaries or affiliates could adversely affect The AES Corporation. 

We attempt to finance our domestic
and foreign projects primarily under loan agreements and related documents which, except as noted below, require the loans to be repaid solely from the project’s revenues and provide that the repayment of the loans (and interest thereon) is
secured solely by the capital stock, physical assets, contracts and cash flow of that project subsidiary or affiliate. This type of financing is usually referred to as non-recourse debt or “project financing.” In some project financings,
The AES Corporation has explicitly agreed to undertake certain limited obligations and contingent liabilities, most of which by their terms will only be effective or will be terminated upon the occurrence of future events. These obligations and
liabilities take the form of guarantees, indemnities, letter of credit reimbursement agreements and agreements to pay, in certain circumstances, the project lenders or other parties. 

As of December 31, 2010, we had approximately $19.7 billion of outstanding indebtedness on a consolidated basis, of which
approximately $4.6 billion was recourse debt of The AES Corporation and approximately $15.1 billion was non-recourse debt. In addition, we have outstanding guarantees, letters of credit, and other credit support commitments which are
further described in this Form 10-K in Item 7.—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Capital Resources and Liquidity—Parent Company Liquidity. 

Some of our subsidiaries are currently in default with respect to all or a portion of their outstanding indebtedness. The total debt
classified as current in our consolidated balance sheets related to such defaults was $1.4 billion at December 31, 2010. While the lenders under our non-recourse project financings generally do not have direct recourse to The AES
Corporation (other than to the extent of any credit support given by The AES Corporation), defaults thereunder can still have important consequences for The AES Corporation, including, without limitation: 

•

 reducing The AES Corporation’s receipt of subsidiary dividends, fees, interest payments, loans and other sources of cash since the project
subsidiary will typically be prohibited from distributing cash to The AES Corporation during the pendency of any default; 

•

 triggering The AES Corporation’s obligation to make payments under any financial guarantee, letter of credit or other credit support which The AES
Corporation has provided to or on behalf of such subsidiary; 

•

 causing The AES Corporation to record a loss in the event the lender forecloses on the assets; 

•

 triggering defaults in The AES Corporation’s outstanding debt and trust preferred securities. For example, The AES Corporation’s senior
secured credit facility and outstanding senior notes include events of default for certain bankruptcy related events involving material subsidiaries. In addition, The AES Corporation’s senior secured credit facility includes certain events of
default relating to accelerations of outstanding debt of material subsidiaries; 

•

 the loss or impairment of investor confidence in the Company; or 

•

 foreclosure on the assets that are pledged under the nonrecourse loans, therefore eliminating any and all potential future benefits derived from those
assets. 

None of the projects that are currently in default are owned by subsidiaries that meet the
applicable definition of materiality in The AES Corporation’s senior secured credit facility or other debt agreements in order for such defaults to trigger an event of default or permit acceleration under such indebtedness. However, as a result
of future mix of distributions, write-down of assets, dispositions and other matters that affect our financial position and results of operations, it is possible that one or more of these subsidiaries could fall within the applicable definition of
materiality and thereby upon an acceleration of such subsidiary’s debt, trigger an event of default and possible acceleration of the indebtedness under The AES Corporation’s senior secured credit facility. The risk of such defaults may
have increased as a result of the deteriorating global economy. For further 

77 

Table of Contents

discussion of these conditions, see Item 7.—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Global Economic Conditions of this
Form 10-K. 

Risks Associated with our Ability to Raise Needed Capital 

The AES Corporation has significant cash requirements and limited sources of liquidity. 

The AES Corporation requires cash primarily to fund: 

•

 principal repayments of debt; 

•

 interest and preferred dividends; 

•

 acquisitions; 

•

 construction and other project commitments; 

•

 other equity commitments, including business development investments; 

•

 equity repurchases; 

•

 taxes; and 

•

 Parent Company overhead costs. 

The AES Corporation’s principal sources of liquidity are: 

•

 dividends and other distributions from its subsidiaries; 

•

 proceeds from debt and equity financings at the Parent Company level; and 

•

 proceeds from asset sales. 

For a more detailed discussion of The AES Corporation’s cash requirements and sources of liquidity, please see Item 7.—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations—Capital Resources and Liquidity of this Form 10-K. 

While we believe that these sources
will be adequate to meet our obligations at the Parent Company level for the foreseeable future, this belief is based on a number of material assumptions, including, without limitation, assumptions about our ability to access the capital or
commercial lending markets, the operating and financial performance of our subsidiaries, exchange rates, our ability to sell assets, and the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends. Any number of assumptions could prove to be incorrect and
therefore there can be no assurance that these sources will be available when needed or that our actual cash requirements will not be greater than expected. For example, in recent years, certain financial institutions have gone bankrupt. In the
event that a bank who is party to our senior secured credit facility or other facilities goes bankrupt or is otherwise unable to fund its commitments, we would need to replace that bank in our syndicate or risk a reduction in the size of the
facility, which would reduce our liquidity. In addition, our cash flow may not be sufficient to repay at maturity the entire principal outstanding under our credit facilities and our debt securities and we may have to refinance such obligations.
There can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining such refinancing on terms acceptable to us or at all and any of these events could have a material effect on us. 

Our ability to grow our business could be materially adversely affected if we were unable to raise capital on favorable terms.

From time to time, we rely on access to capital markets as a source of liquidity for capital requirements not
satisfied by operating cash flows. Our ability to arrange for financing on either a recourse or non-recourse basis and the costs of such capital are dependent on numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

•

 general economic and capital market conditions; 

•

 the availability of bank credit; 

78 

Table of Contents

•

 investor confidence; 

•

 the financial condition, performance and prospects of The AES Corporation in general and/or that of any subsidiary requiring the financing as well as
companies in our industry or similar financial circumstances; and 

•

 changes in tax and securities laws which are conducive to raising capital. 

Should future access to capital not be available to us, we may have to sell assets or decide not to build new plants or expand or improve
existing facilities, either of which would affect our future growth, results of operations or financial condition. 

A
downgrade in the credit ratings of The AES Corporation or its subsidiaries could adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets which could increase our interest costs or adversely affect our liquidity and cash flow. 

If any of the credit ratings of The AES Corporation or its subsidiaries were to be downgraded, our ability to raise capital on favorable
terms could be impaired and our borrowing costs would increase. Furthermore, depending on The AES Corporation’s credit ratings and the trading prices of its equity and debt securities, counterparties may no longer be as willing to accept
general unsecured commitments by The AES Corporation to provide credit support. Accordingly, with respect to both new and existing commitments, The AES Corporation may be required to provide some other form of assurance, such as a letter of credit
and/or collateral, to backstop or replace any credit support by The AES Corporation. There can be no assurance that such counterparties will accept such guarantees or that AES could arrange such further assurances in the future. In addition, to the
extent The AES Corporation is required and able to provide letters of credit or other collateral to such counterparties, it will limit the amount of credit available to The AES Corporation to meet its other liquidity needs. 

We may not be able to raise sufficient capital to fund “greenfield” projects in certain less developed economies which
could change or in some cases adversely affect our growth strategy. 

Part of our strategy is to grow our business by
developing Generation and Utility businesses in less developed economies where the return on our investment may be greater than projects in more developed economies. Commercial lending institutions sometimes refuse to provide non-recourse project
financing in certain less developed economies, and in these situations we have sought and will continue to seek direct or indirect (through credit support or guarantees) project financing from a limited number of multilateral or bilateral
international financial institutions or agencies. As a precondition to making such project financing available, the lending institutions may also require governmental guarantees of certain project and sovereign related risks. There can be no
assurance, however, that project financing from the international financial agencies or that governmental guarantees will be available when needed, and if they are not, we may have to abandon the project or invest more of our own funds which may not
be in line with our investment objectives and would leave less funds for other projects. These risks have increased as a result of the recent credit crisis and the deteriorating global economy. For further discussion of these global economic
conditions and their potential impact on the Company, see Item 7.—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Global Economic Conditions. 

External Risks Associated with Revenue and Earnings Volatility 

Our businesses may incur substantial costs and liabilities and be exposed to price volatility as a result of risks associated with
the wholesale electricity markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 

Some of
our businesses sell electricity in the wholesale spot markets in cases where they operate wholly or partially without long-term power sales agreements. Our Generation and Utility businesses may also buy electricity in the wholesale spot markets. As
a result, we are exposed to the risks of rising and falling prices in 

79 

Table of Contents

those markets. The open market wholesale prices for electricity are very volatile and often reflect the fluctuating cost of coal, natural gas or oil. Consequently, any changes in the supply and
cost of coal, natural gas, or oil may impact the open market wholesale price of electricity. 

Volatility in market prices for
fuel and electricity may result from among other things: 

•

 plant availability in the markets generally; 

•

 availability and effectiveness of transmission facilities owned and operated by third parties; 

•

 competition; 

•

 demand for energy commodities; 

•

 electricity usage; 

•

 seasonality; 

•

 interest rate and foreign exchange rate fluctuation; 

•

 availability and price of emission credits; 

•

 input prices; 

•

 hydrology and other weather conditions; 

•

 illiquid markets; 

•

 transmission or transportation constraints or inefficiencies; 

•

 availability of competitively priced renewables sources; 

•

 available supplies of natural gas, crude oil and refined products, and coal; 

•

 generating unit performance; 

•

 natural disasters, terrorism, wars, embargoes and other catastrophic events; 

•

 energy, market and environmental regulation, legislation and policies; 

•

 geopolitical concerns affecting global supply of oil and natural gas; and 

•

 general economic conditions in areas where we operate which impact energy consumption. 

Our financial position and results of operations may fluctuate significantly due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates
experienced at our foreign operations. 

Our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations results primarily from the
translation exposure associated with the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements, as well as from transaction exposure associated with transactions in currencies other than an entity’s functional currency. While the Consolidated
Financial Statements are reported in U.S. Dollars, the financial statements of many of our subsidiaries outside the United States are prepared using the local currency as the functional currency and translated into U.S. Dollars by applying
appropriate exchange rates. As a result, fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar relative to the local currencies where our subsidiaries outside the United States report could cause significant fluctuations in our results. In
addition, while our expenses with respect to foreign operations are generally denominated in the same currency as corresponding sales, we have transaction exposure to the extent receipts and expenditures are not denominated in the subsidiary’s
functional currency. 

We also experience foreign transaction exposure to the extent monetary assets and liabilities, including
debt, are in a different currency than the subsidiary’s functional currency. Moreover, the costs of doing business abroad may increase as a result of adverse exchange rate fluctuations. Our financial position and results of operations have been
affected by fluctuations in the value of a number of currencies, primarily the Euro, Brazilian real, Argentine peso, Chilean peso, Colombian peso and Philippine peso. 

80 

Table of Contents

We may not be adequately hedged against our exposure to changes in commodity prices or
interest rates. 

We routinely enter into contracts to hedge a portion of our purchase and sale commitments for
electricity, fuel requirements and other commodities to lower our financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations. As part of this strategy, we routinely utilize fixed-price forward physical purchase and sales contracts, futures,
financial swaps, and option contracts traded in the over-the-counter markets or on exchanges. We also enter into contracts which help us hedge our interest rate exposure on variable rate debt. However, we may not cover the entire exposure of our
assets or positions to market price or interest rate volatility, and the coverage will vary over time. Furthermore, the risk management procedures we have in place may not always be followed or may not work as planned. In particular, if prices of
commodities or interest rates significantly deviate from historical prices or interest rates or if the price or interest rate volatility or distribution of these changes deviates from historical norms, our risk management system may not protect us
from significant losses. As a result, fluctuating commodity prices or interest rates may negatively impact our financial results to the extent we have unhedged or inadequately hedged positions. In addition, certain types of economic hedging
activities may not qualify for hedge accounting under GAAP, resulting in increased volatility in our net income. The Company may also suffer losses associated with “basis risk” which is the assumed relative correlation of performance
between the intended hedge instrument and the targeted underlying exposure. Furthermore, there is a risk that the current counterparties to these arrangements may fail or are unable to perform their obligations under these arrangements. 

In 2010, we faced substantial challenges in North America as a result of high coal prices relative to natural gas, which has affected the
results of certain of our coal plants in the region, particularly those which are merchant plants that are exposed to market risk and those that have hybrid merchant risk, meaning those businesses that have a PPA in place but purchase fuel at market
prices or under short term contracts. In particular, our coal-fired plants in New York and our petroleum coke-fired plant in Texas have been affected by these conditions. In North America, current dark spreads and the corresponding forward curves do
not currently present a long-term opportunity to engage in hedging activity for 2011 and we have very limited hedges in place. As short-term opportunities occur or should dark spreads improve, the Company may engage in additional hedging in 2011. As
a result of these and other challenges that arose from new regulatory concerns, we impaired $1.1 billion of assets and goodwill in North America as described in Item 7.—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations—Impairments. In addition, AES Thames, our 208 MW coal-fired generation business in Connecticut, filed for bankruptcy protection in January 2011. 

Supplier and/or customer concentration may expose the Company to significant financial credit or performance risks. 

We often rely on a single contracted supplier or a small number of suppliers for the provision of fuel, transportation of fuel and other services required for the operation of certain of our facilities.
If these suppliers cannot perform, we would seek to meet our fuel requirements by purchasing fuel at market prices, exposing us to market price volatility and the risk that fuel and transportation may not be available during certain periods at any
price, which could be lower than contracted prices and would expose these businesses to considerable price volatility. 

At
times, we rely on a single customer or a few customers to purchase all or a significant portion of a facility’s output, in some cases under long-term agreements that account for a substantial percentage of the anticipated revenue from a given
facility. We have also hedged a portion of our exposure to power price fluctuations through forward fixed price power sales. Counterparties to these agreements may breach or may be unable to perform their obligations. We may not be able to enter
into replacement agreements on terms as favorable as our existing agreements, or at all. If we were unable to enter into replacement PPAs, these businesses may have to sell power at market prices. 

81 

Table of Contents

The failure of any supplier or customer to fulfill its contractual obligations to The AES
Corporation or our subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Consequently, the financial performance of our facilities is dependent on the credit quality of, and continued performance by, suppliers and customers.

The market pricing of our common stock has been volatile and may continue to be volatile in future periods.

The market price for our common stock has been volatile in the past, and the price of our common stock could
fluctuate substantially in the future. Stock price movements on a quarter by quarter basis for the past two years are set forth in Item 5.—Market—Market Information of this Form 10-K. Factors that could affect the price of our common
stock in the future include general conditions in our industry, in the power markets in which we participate and in the world, including environmental and economic developments, over which we have no control, as well as developments specific to us,
including, risks that could result in revenue and earnings volatility as well as other risk factors described in this Item 1A.—Risk Factors and those matters described in Item 7.—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Conditions and Results of Operations. 

Risks Associated with our Operations 

We do a significant amount of business outside the United States, including in developing countries, which presents significant
risks. 

A significant amount of our revenue is generated outside the United States and a significant portion of our
international operations is conducted in developing countries. Part of our growth strategy is to expand our business in developing countries because the growth rates and the opportunity to implement operating improvements and achieve higher
operating margins may be greater than those typically achievable in more developed countries. International operations, particularly the operation, financing and development of projects in developing countries, entail significant risks and
uncertainties, including, without limitation: 

•

 economic, social and political instability in any particular country or region; 

•

 adverse changes in currency exchange rates; 

•

 government restrictions on converting currencies or repatriating funds; 

•

 unexpected changes in foreign laws and regulations or in trade, monetary or fiscal policies; 

•

 high inflation and monetary fluctuations; 

•

 restrictions on imports of coal, oil, gas or other raw materials required by our generation businesses to operate; 

•

 threatened or consummated expropriation or nationalization of our assets by foreign governments; 

•

 difficulties in hiring, training and retaining qualified personnel, particularly finance and accounting personnel with GAAP expertise;

•

 unwillingness of governments, government agencies, similar organizations or other counterparties to honor their contracts;

•

 unwillingness of governments, government agencies, courts or similar bodies to enforce contracts that are economically advantageous to subsidiaries of
the Company and economically unfavorable to counterparties, against such counterparties, whether such counterparties are governments or private parties; 

•

 inability to obtain access to fair and equitable political, regulatory, administrative and legal systems; 

•

 adverse changes in government tax policy; 

82 

Table of Contents

•

 difficulties in enforcing our contractual rights or enforcing judgments or obtaining a favorable result in local jurisdictions; and

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences of operating in multiple jurisdictions. 

Any of these factors, by itself or in combination with others, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. For example, partly in response to challenging business and political conditions in Kazakhstan, in 2008, we sold certain businesses in that country. As another example, in the second quarter of 2007, we sold our stake in EDC
to Petróleos de Venezuela, S.A., the state-owned energy company in Venezuela after Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez threatened to expropriate the electricity business in Venezuela. In connection with the sale, we recognized an impairment
charge of approximately $680 million. In addition, our Latin American operations experience volatility in revenues and gross margin which have caused and are expected to cause significant volatility in our results of operations and cash flows.
The volatility is caused by regulatory and economic difficulties, political instability and currency devaluations being experienced in many of these countries. This volatility reduces the predictability and enhances the uncertainty associated with
cash flows from these businesses. 

The operation of power generation and distribution facilities involves significant
risks that could adversely affect our financial results. We and/or our subsidiaries may not have adequate insurance coverage for liabilities. 

We are in the business of generating and distributing electricity, which involves certain risks that can adversely affect financial and operating performance, including: 

•

 changes in the availability of our generation facilities or distribution systems due to increases in scheduled and unscheduled plant outages, equipment
failure, failure of transmission systems, labor disputes, disruptions in fuel supply, inability to comply with regulatory or permit requirements or catastrophic events such as fires, floods, storms, hurricanes, earthquakes, explosions, terrorist
acts or other similar occurrences; and 

•

 changes in our operating cost structure including, but not limited to, increases in costs relating to: gas, coal, oil and other fuel; fuel
transportation; purchased electricity; operations, maintenance and repair; environmental compliance, including the cost of purchasing emissions offsets and capital expenditures to install environmental emission equipment; transmission access; and
insurance. 

Our businesses require reliable transportation sources (including related infrastructure such as
roads, ports and rail), power sources and water sources to access and conduct operations. The availability and cost of this infrastructure affects capital and operating costs and levels of production and sales. Limitations, or interruptions in
transportation including as a result of third parties intentionally or unintentionally disrupting the facilities of our subsidiaries, could impede their ability to produce electricity. This could have a material adverse effect on our
businesses’ results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

In addition, a portion of our generation
facilities were constructed many years ago. Older generating equipment may require significant capital expenditures for maintenance. This equipment is also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement. Breakdown or failure of one of our
operating facilities may prevent the facility from performing under applicable power sales agreements which, in certain situations, could result in termination of a power purchase or other agreement or incurring a liability for liquidated damages
and/or other penalties. 

As a result of the above risks and other potential hazards associated with the power generation and
distribution industries, we may from time to time become exposed to significant liabilities for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. Power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel,
operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering electricity to 

83 

Table of Contents

transmission and distribution systems. In addition to natural risks, such as earthquakes, floods, lightning, hurricanes and wind, hazards, such as fire, explosion, collapse and machinery failure,
are inherent risks in our operations which may occur as a result of inadequate internal processes, technological flaws, human error or certain external events. The control and management of these risks depend upon adequate development and training
of personnel and on the existence of operational procedures, preventative maintenance plans and specific programs supported by quality control systems which reduce, but do not eliminate the possibility of the occurrence and impact of these risks.

The hazards described above can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of
property, plant and equipment, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. The occurrence of any one of these events may result in our being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages,
environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and fines and/or penalties. We maintain an amount of insurance protection that we believe is customary, but there can be no assurance that our insurance will be sufficient or effective under all
circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. A claim for which we are not fully insured or insured at all could hurt our financial results and materially harm our financial condition. Further, due to rising
insurance costs and changes in the insurance markets, we cannot provide assurance that insurance coverage will continue to be available on terms similar to those presently available to us or at all. Any losses not covered by insurance could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Our businesses’ insurance does
not cover every potential risk associated with its operations. Adequate coverage at reasonable rates is not always obtainable. In addition, insurance may not fully cover the liability or the consequences of any business interruptions such as
equipment failure or labor dispute. The occurrence of a significant adverse event not fully or partially covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results or operations, financial condition and
prospects. 

Any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our inability to attract and retain skilled people could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Our operating success and ability to carry out growth initiatives depends in part on our ability to retain executives and to attract and
retain additional qualified personnel who have experience in our industry and in operating a company of our size and complexity, including people in our foreign businesses. The inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could have a
material adverse effect on our business, because of the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacements. In particular, we routinely are required to assess the financial and tax impacts of complicated business transactions which occur on a
worldwide basis. These assessments are dependent on hiring personnel on a worldwide basis with sufficient expertise in GAAP to timely and accurately comply with United States reporting obligations. An inability to maintain adequate internal
accounting and managerial controls and hire and retain qualified personnel could have an adverse affect on our financial and tax reporting. 

We have contractual obligations to certain customers to provide full requirements service, which makes it difficult to predict and plan for load requirements and may result in increased operating
costs to certain of our businesses. 

We have contractual obligations to certain customers to supply power to satisfy
all or a portion of their energy requirements. The uncertainty regarding the amount of power that our power generation and distribution facilities must be prepared to supply to customers may increase our operating costs. A significant under- or
over-estimation of load requirements could result in our facilities not having enough or having too much power to cover their obligations, in which case we would be required to buy or sell power from or to third parties at prevailing market prices.
Those prices may not be favorable and thus could increase our operating costs. 

84 

Table of Contents

We may not be able to enter into long-term contracts, which reduce volatility in our
results of operations. Even when we successfully enter into long-term contracts, our generation businesses are often dependent on one or a limited number of customers and a limited number of fuel suppliers. 

Many of our generation plants conduct business under long-term contracts. In these instances, we rely on power sales contracts with one
or a limited number of customers for the majority of, and in some cases all of, the relevant plant’s output and revenues over the term of the power sales contract. The remaining terms of the power sales contracts range from 1 to 25 years.
In many cases, we also limit our exposure to fluctuations in fuel prices by entering into long-term contracts for fuel with a limited number of suppliers. In these instances, the cash flows and results of operations are dependent on the continued
ability of customers and suppliers to meet their obligations under the relevant power sales contract or fuel supply contract, respectively. Some of our long-term power sales agreements are at prices above current spot market prices and some of our
long-term fuel supply contracts are at prices below current market prices. The loss of significant power sales contracts or fuel supply contracts, or the failure by any of the parties to such contracts that prevents us from fulfilling our
obligations thereunder, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, depending on market conditions and regulatory regimes, it may be difficult for us to secure long-term
contracts, either where our current contracts are expiring or for new development projects. The inability to enter into long-term contracts could require many of our businesses to purchase inputs at market prices and sell electricity into spot
markets, which may not be favorable. For example, during the past several years, various governmental authorities in Europe have terminated or declined to fulfill their obligations under long-term contracts with our subsidiaries. In 2008, as part of
the accession to the European Union, the Hungarian government terminated all long-term PPAs, including AES Tisza’s PPA, as of December 31, 2008. Partly as a result of the termination AES Tisza’s results of operations declined and we
were required to record an $85 million asset impairment charge for AES Tisza in the third quarter of 2010. Kilroot in Northern Ireland received notice from the Utility Regulator directing Kilroot and NIE Energy to terminate the Generating Unit
Agreements for the two coal fired units effective November 1, 2010 and, as a result, the performance (and contributions to income and cash flow) from Kilroot will decline in 2011 when compared to prior years. Furthermore, these businesses (and
any other businesses whose long-term contracts may be challenged) may have to sell electricity into the spot markets. Because of the volatile nature of inputs and power prices, the inability to secure long-term contracts could generate increased
volatility in our earnings and cash flows and could generate substantial losses (or result in a write-down of assets), which could have a material impact on our business and results of operations. 

We have sought to reduce counterparty credit risk under our long-term contracts in part by entering into power sales contracts with
utilities or other customers of strong credit quality and by obtaining guarantees from certain sovereign governments of the customer’s obligations. However, many of our customers do not have, or have failed to maintain, an investment-grade
credit rating, and our Generation business cannot always obtain government guarantees and if they do, the government does not always have an investment grade credit rating. We have also sought to reduce our credit risk by locating our plants in
different geographic areas in order to mitigate the effects of regional economic downturns. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts to mitigate this risk will be successful. These risks have increased as a result of the deteriorating and
volatile global economy. For further discussion of these global economic conditions and their potential impact on the Company, see Item 7.—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Global Economic Conditions in this Form 10-K. 

Competition is increasing and could adversely
affect us. 

The power production markets in which we operate are characterized by numerous strong and capable
competitors, many of whom may have extensive and diversified developmental or operating experience (including both domestic and international) and financial resources similar to or greater than ours. Further, in recent years, the power production
industry has been characterized by strong and increasing competition with respect to both obtaining power sales agreements and acquiring existing power generation assets. In certain 

85 

Table of Contents

markets, these factors have caused reductions in prices contained in new power sales agreements and, in many cases, have caused higher acquisition prices for existing assets through competitive
bidding practices. The evolution of competitive electricity markets and the development of highly efficient gas-fired power plants have also caused, or are anticipated to cause, price pressure in certain power markets where we sell or intend to sell
power. These competitive factors could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Some of our subsidiaries participate in
defined benefit pension plans and their net pension plan obligations may require additional significant contributions. 

Certain of our subsidiaries have defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all of their respective employees. Of the twenty
nine defined benefit plans, three are at United States subsidiaries and the remaining plans are at foreign subsidiaries. Pension costs are based upon a number of actuarial assumptions, including an expected long-term rate of return on pension plan
assets, the expected life span of pension plan beneficiaries and the discount rate used to determine the present value of future pension obligations. Any of these assumptions could prove to be wrong, resulting in a shortfall of pension plan assets
compared to pension obligations under the pension plan. The Company periodically evaluates the value of the pension plan assets to ensure that they will be sufficient to fund the respective pension obligations. The Company’s exposure to market
volatility is mitigated to some extent due to the fact that the asset allocations in our largest plans are more heavily weighted to investments in fixed income securities that have not been as severely impacted by the global recession. Future
downturns in the debt and/or equity markets, or the inaccuracy of any of our significant assumptions underlying the estimates of our subsidiaries’ pension plan obligations, could result in an increase in pension expense and future funding
requirements, which may be material. Our subsidiaries who participate in these plans are responsible for satisfying the funding requirements required by law in their respective jurisdiction for any shortfall of pension plan assets compared to
pension obligations under the pension plan. This may necessitate additional cash contributions to the pension plans that could adversely affect the Parent Company and our subsidiaries’ liquidity. 

For additional information regarding the funding position of the Company’s pension plans, see Item 7.—Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting—
Estimates—
Pension and Postretirement Obligations and Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in
this Form 10-K. 

Our business is subject to substantial development uncertainties. 

Certain of our subsidiaries and affiliates are in various stages of developing and constructing “greenfield” power plants, some
but not all of which have signed long-term contracts or made similar arrangements for the sale of electricity. Successful completion depends upon overcoming substantial risks, including, but not limited to, risks relating to failures of siting,
financing, construction, permitting, governmental approvals, commissioning delays, or the potential for termination of the power sales contract as a result of a failure to meet certain milestones. Timing of equipment purchases can also pose
financial risks to the Company. As part of our development process, we attempt to make purchases of equipment and/or materials as needed. However, from time to time, there may be excess demand for certain types of equipment with substantial delays
between the time we place orders and receive delivery. In those instances, to avoid construction delays and costs associated with the inability to own and place such equipment and/or materials into service when needed in the construction process, we
may place orders well in advance of deployment. In some cases, we may order such equipment and/or materials without yet having a specific project where the equipment and/or materials will be deployed, in anticipation that equipment and materials
will be needed at the time of delivery. However, there is a risk that at the time of delivery, we are required to accept delivery and pay for such equipment and/or materials, even though no project has materialized where these items will be used.
This can result in our having to incur material equipment and/or material costs, with no deployment plan at delivery. Financing risk has also increased as a result of the deterioration of the global economy and the crisis in the financial markets
and, as a result, we may forgo certain development opportunities. We believe that capitalized costs for projects under development are 

86 

Table of Contents

recoverable; however, there can be no assurance that any individual project will be completed and reach commercial operation. If these development efforts are not successful, we may abandon a
project under development and write off the costs incurred in connection with such project. At the time of abandonment, we would expense all capitalized development costs incurred in connection therewith and could incur additional losses associated
with any related contingent liabilities. 

Certain delays have occurred at the 670 MW Maritza coal-fired project in Bulgaria,
and the project has not begun commercial operations. As noted in Note 10—Debt included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K, as a result of these delays the project debt is in default and the Company is working with its lenders to resolve
the default. In addition, as noted in Item 3. —Legal Proceedings, the Company is in litigation with the contractor regarding the cause of delays. At this time, management believes that Maritza will commence commercial operations for at
least some of the project’s capacity by the second half of 2011. However, commencement of commercial operations could be delayed beyond this timeframe. There can be no assurance that Maritza will achieve commercial operations, in whole or in
part, by the second half of 2011, resolve the default with the lenders or prevail in the litigation referenced above, which could result in the loss of some or all of our investment or require additional funding for the project. Any of these events
could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s operating. 

In June 2009, the Supreme Court of Chile affirmed a
January 2009 decision of the Valparaiso Court of Appeals (“VCA”) that the environmental permit for Empresa Electrica Campiche’s (“EEC”) thermal power plant (“Plant”) was not properly granted and illegal.
Construction of the Plant stopped as a consequence of the Supreme Court’s decision. In December 2009, Chilean authorities approved new land use regulations that entitled EEC to apply for a new environmental permit. EEC applied for a new
environmental permit in January 2010 and permit approval was granted by the Environmental Authority in February 2010. In March 2010, the Mayor of Puchuncaví and another third party challenged the new environmental permit before the VCA. The
parties later entered into a settlement agreement pursuant to which the challenge to the new environmental permit was withdrawn in July 2010. In addition, the construction permit that is required to resume construction of the Plant was issued by the
Municipality in August 2010. In September 2010, neighbors of Puchuncaví challenged the construction permit filing claims in the VCA. In November 2010, the VCA rejected the claims. The challenging parties subsequently filed appeals with the
Supreme Court. In January 2011, the Supreme Court confirmed the decision of the VCA, finally rejecting the constitutional action. EEC has resumed construction of the Plant. 

Our acquisitions may not perform as expected. 

Historically,
acquisitions have been a significant part of our growth strategy. We may continue to grow our business through acquisitions. Although acquired businesses may have significant operating histories, we will have a limited or no history of owning and
operating many of these businesses and possibly limited or no experience operating in the country or region where these businesses are located. Some of these businesses may be government owned and some may be operated as part of a larger integrated
utility prior to their acquisition. If we were to acquire any of these types of businesses, there can be no assurance that: 

•

 we will be successful in transitioning them to private ownership; 

•

 such businesses will perform as expected; 

•

 integration or other one-time costs will not be greater than expected; 

•

 we will not incur unforeseen obligations or liabilities; 

•

 such business will generate sufficient cash flow to support the indebtedness incurred to acquire them or the capital expenditures needed to develop
them; or 

•

 the rate of return from such businesses will justify our decision to invest our capital to acquire them. 

87 

Table of Contents

In some of our joint venture projects and businesses, we have granted protective
rights to minority holders or we own less than a majority of the equity in the project or business and do not manage or otherwise control the project or business, which entails certain risks. 

We have invested in some joint ventures where we own less than a majority of the voting equity in the venture. Very often, one of our
subsidiaries seeks to exert a degree of influence with respect to the management and operation of projects or businesses in which we have less than a majority of the ownership interests by operating the project or business pursuant to a management
contract, negotiating to obtain positions on management committees or to receive certain limited governance rights, such as rights to veto significant actions. However, we do not always have this type of control over the project or business in every
instance; and we may be dependent on our co-venturers to operate such projects or businesses. Our co-venturers may not have the level of experience, technical expertise, human resources, management and other attributes necessary to operate these
projects or businesses optimally. The approval of co-venturers also may be required for us to receive distributions of funds from projects or to transfer our interest in projects or businesses. 

In some joint venture agreements where we do have majority control of the voting securities, we have entered into shareholder agreements
granting protective minority rights to the other shareholders. For example, Companhia Brasiliana de Energia (“Brasiliana”) is a holding company in which we have a controlling equity interest and through which we own three of our four
Brazilian businesses: Eletropaulo, Tietê and Uruguaiana. We entered into a shareholders’ agreement with an affiliate of the Brazilian National Development Bank (“BNDES”) which owns more than 49% of the voting equity of
Brasiliana. Among other things, the shareholders’ agreement requires the consent of both parties before taking certain corporate actions, grants both parties rights of first refusal in connection with the sale of interests in Brasiliana and
grants certain drag-along rights to BNDES. In May 2007, BNDES notified us that it intends to sell all of its interest in Brasiliana pursuant to a public auction (the “Brasiliana Sale”). BNDES also informed us that if we fail to exercise
our right of first refusal to purchase all of its interest in Brasiliana, then BNDES intends to exercise its drag-along rights under the shareholders’ agreement and cause us to sell all of our interests in Brasiliana in the Brasiliana Sale as
well. BNDES has since suspended the auction; however, BNDES may determine to recommence a sale process in the future. In that event, after the auction, if a third party offer has been received in the Brasiliana Sale, we will have 30 days to
exercise our right of first refusal to purchase all of BNDES’s interest in Brasiliana on the same terms as the third-party offer. If we do not exercise this right and BNDES proceeds to exercise its drag-along rights, then we may be forced to
sell all of our interest in Brasiliana. Due to the uncertainty in the sale price at this point in time, we are uncertain whether we will exercise our right of first refusal should BNDES receive a valid third-party offer in the Brasiliana Sale and,
if we do, whether we would do it alone or with joint venture partners. Even if we desire to exercise our right of first refusal, we cannot assure that we will have the cash on hand or that debt or equity financing will be available at acceptable
terms in order to purchase BNDES’s interest in Brasiliana. If we do not exercise our right of first refusal, we cannot be assured that we will not have to record a loss if the sale price is below the book value of our investment in Brasiliana.

Our renewable energy projects and other initiatives face considerable uncertainties including, development, operational
and regulatory challenges. 

AES Wind Generation, AES Solar, our greenhouse gas emissions reductions projects
(“GHG Emissions Reduction Projects”), and our investments in projects such as energy storage are subject to substantial risks. Projects of this nature have been developed through advancement in technologies which may not be proven or whose
commercial application is limited, and which are unrelated to our core business. Some of these business lines are dependent upon favorable regulatory incentives to support continued investment, and there is significant uncertainty about the extent
to which such favorable regulatory incentives will be available in the future. For example, several European countries have recently faced a debt crisis, which has or may result in government austerity measures. If these incentives are repealed, or
sovereign governments are unable or unwilling to fulfill their commitments or maintain favorable regulatory incentives for renewables, this could materially impact our renewable businesses, results of operations and financial condition, and impact
the ability of the affected 

88 

Table of Contents

businesses to continue or grow their operations. In addition, any of the foregoing could also impact contractual counterparties of our subsidiaries in core power or renewables. If such
counterparties are adversely impacted, then they may be unable to meet their commitments to our subsidiaries, which could also have a material impact on our results of operations. 

Furthermore, production levels for our wind, solar, and GHG Emissions Reduction Projects may be dependent upon adequate wind, sunlight,
or biogas production which can vary significantly from period to period, resulting in volatility in production levels and profitability. For example, for our wind projects, wind resource estimates are based on historical experience when available
and on wind resource studies conducted by an independent engineer, and are not expected to reflect actual wind energy production in any given year. With regard to GHG Emissions Reduction Projects, there is particular uncertainty about whether
agreements providing incentives for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions, such as the Kyoto Protocol, will continue and whether countries around the world will enact or maintain legislation that provides incentives for reductions in greenhouse gas
emissions, without which such projects may not be economical or financing for such projects may become unavailable. 

As a
result, renewable energy projects face considerable risk relative to our core business, including the risk that favorable regulatory regimes expire or are adversely modified. In addition, because certain of these projects depend on technology
outside of our expertise in Generation and Utility businesses, there are risks associated with our ability to develop and manage such projects profitably. Furthermore, at the development or acquisition stage, because of the nascent nature of these
industries or the limited experience with the relevant technologies, our ability to predict actual performance results may be hindered and the projects may not perform as predicted. There are also risks associated with the fact that many of these
projects exist in new or emerging markets, where long-term fixed price contracts for the major cost and revenue components may be unavailable, which in turn may result in these projects having relatively high levels of volatility. 

These projects can be capital-intensive and generally require that we obtain third party financing, which may be difficult to obtain. As
a result, these capital constraints may reduce our ability to develop these projects. These risks may be exacerbated by the current global economic crisis, including our management’s increased focus on liquidity, which may also result in slower
growth in the number of projects we can pursue. The economic downturn could also impact the value of our assets in these countries and our ability to develop these projects. If the value of these assets decline, this could result in a material
impairment or a series of impairments which are material in the aggregate, which would adversely affect our financial statements. 

An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or long-lived assets would negatively impact our consolidated results of operations and net worth. 

Goodwill is initially recorded at fair value and is not amortized, but is evaluated for impairment at least annually, or more frequently
if impairment indicators are present. In assessing the recoverability of goodwill, we make estimates and assumptions about sales, operating margin growth rates and discount rates based on our budgets, business plans, economic projections,
anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management’s judgment in applying these factors. The fair value of a reporting unit has been determined using an income approach
based on the present value of future cash flows of each reporting unit. We could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill outside of the required annual assessment process if we experience situations, including but not limited to,
disruptions to the business, unexpected significant declines in operating results, divestiture of a significant component of our business or adverse actions or assessments by a regulator. There could also be impairments if our acquisitions do not
perform as expected. See further discussion in Risk Factor, “Our Acquisitions May Not Perform as Expected.” These types of events and the resulting analyses could result in goodwill impairment charges in the future. Impairment
charges could substantially affect our financial results in the periods of such charges. As of December 31, 2010, we had $1.3 billion of goodwill, which represented approximately 3% of total assets. If current conditions in the global
economy continue or worsen, this could increase the risk that we will have to 

89 

Table of Contents

impair goodwill, as further described in Item 7.—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Global Economic Conditions. 

Long-lived assets are initially recorded at fair value and are amortized or depreciated over their useful lives. Long-lived assets are
evaluated for impairment when impairment indicators are present. In assessing the recoverability of long-lived assets, we make estimates and assumptions about sales, operating margin growth rates, commodity prices and discount rates based on our
budgets, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management’s judgment in applying these factors. Generally, the fair value of a
long-lived asset or asset group is determined using an income approach based on the present value of future cash flows of each asset group. We could be required to evaluate the recoverability of long-lived assets if we experience situations,
including but not limited to, disruptions to the business, unexpected significant declines in operating results, divestiture of a significant component of our business or adverse action or assessment by a regulator. These types of events and the
resulting analyses could result in additional long-lived asset impairment charges in the future. Impairment charges could substantially affect our financial results in the periods of such charges. If current conditions in the global economy continue
or worsen, this could increase the risk that we will have to impair long-lived assets, as further described in Item 7.—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Global Economic
Conditions. 

Certain of our businesses are sensitive to variations in weather. 

Our businesses are affected by variations in general weather conditions and unusually severe weather. Our businesses forecast electric
sales on the basis of normal weather, which represents a long-term historical average. While we also consider possible variations in normal weather patterns and potential impacts on our facilities and our businesses, there can be no assurance that
such planning can prevent these impacts, which can adversely affect our business. Generally, demand for electricity peaks in winter and summer. Typically, when winters are warmer than expected and summers are cooler than expected, demand for energy
is lower, resulting in less demand for electricity than forecasted. Significant variations from normal weather where our businesses are located could have a material impact on our results of operations. 

In addition, we are dependent upon hydrological conditions prevailing from time to time in the broad geographic regions in which our
hydroelectric generation facilities are located. If hydrological conditions result in droughts or other conditions that negatively affect our hydroelectric generation business, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In the
past, our businesses in Latin America have been negatively impacted by lower than normal rainfall. Similarly, our wind businesses are dependent on adequate wind conditions while the solar projects at AES Solar are dependent on sufficient sunlight.
In each case, inadequate wind or sunlight could have a material adverse impact on these businesses. 

Risks associated with
Governmental Regulation and Laws 

Our operations are subject to significant government regulation and our business
and results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the law or regulatory schemes. 

Our inability to
predict, influence or respond appropriately to changes in law or regulatory schemes, including any inability to obtain expected or contracted increases in electricity tariff rates or tariff adjustments for increased expenses, could adversely impact
our results of operations or our ability to meet publicly announced projections or analysts’ expectations. Furthermore, changes in laws or regulations or changes in the application or interpretation of regulatory provisions in jurisdictions
where we operate, particularly our Utilities where electricity tariffs are subject to regulatory review or approval, could adversely affect our business, including, but not limited to: 

•

 changes in the determination, definition or classification of costs to be included as reimbursable or pass-through costs to be included in the rates we
charge our customers, including but not limited to costs incurred to upgrade our power plants to comply with more stringent environmental regulations; 

90 

Table of Contents

•

 changes in the determination of what is an appropriate rate of return on invested capital or a determination that a utility’s operating income or
the rates it charges customers is too high, resulting in a reduction of rates or consumer rebates; 

•

 changes in the definition or determination of controllable or non-controllable costs; 

•

 adverse changes in tax law; 

•

 changes in the definition of events which may or may not qualify as changes in economic equilibrium; 

•

 changes in the timing of tariff increases; 

•

 other changes in the regulatory determinations under the relevant concessions; or 

•

 other changes related to licensing or permitting which affect our ability to conduct business. 

Any of the above events may result in lower margins for the affected businesses, which can adversely affect our business. 

In many countries where we conduct business, the regulatory environment is constantly changing or the regulations can be difficult to
interpret. As a result, there is risk that we may not properly interpret certain regulations and may not understand the impact of certain regulations on our business. For example, in October 2006, ANEEL, which regulates our utility operations at Sul
and Eletropaulo in Brazil, issued Normative Resolution 234 requiring that utilities begin amortizing a liability called “Special Obligations” beginning with their second tariff reset cycle in 2007 or a later year as an offset to
depreciation expense. As of May 23, 2007, the date of the filing of our 2006 Form 10-K, no industry positions or any other consensus had been reached regarding how ANEEL guidance should be applied at that date and accordingly, no
adjustments to the financial statements were made relating to Special Obligations in Brazil. Subsequent to May 23, 2007, industry discussions occurred and other Brazilian companies filed Forms 20-F with the SEC reflecting the impact of
Resolution 234 in their December 31, 2006 financial statements differently from how the Company accounted for Resolution 234. In the absence of any significant regulatory developments between May 23, 2007 and the date of these other
filings, the Company determined that Resolution 234 required us to record an adjustment to our Special Obligations liability as of December 31, 2006. In part, the decision to record the adjustment led to the restatement of our financial
statements in the third quarter of 2007. If we face additional challenges interpreting regulations or changes in regulations, it could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

On July 21, 2010, President Obama signed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank
Act”). While the bulk of regulations contained in the Dodd-Frank Act regulate financial institutions and their products, there are several provisions related to corporate governance, executive compensation, disclosure and other matters which
relate to public companies generally. The types of provisions described above are currently not expected to have a material impact on the Company or its results of operations. Furthermore, while the Dodd-Frank Act substantially expands the
regulation regarding the trading, clearing and reporting of derivative transactions, the Dodd-Frank Act provides for commercial end-user exemptions which may apply to our derivative transactions, though this is not certain since the Act directs the
SEC, CFTC and listed companies to enact rules that will clarify the Dodd-Frank Act, and such rulemaking could impact the availability of the commercial end-user exemption. Even if the exemption is available, the Dodd-Frank Act could still have a
material adverse impact on the Company, as the regulation of derivatives (which includes capital and margin requirements for non-exempt companies), could limit the availability of derivative transactions that we use to reduce interest rate,
commodity and currency risks, which would increase our exposure to these risks. Even if derivative transactions remain available, the costs to enter into these transactions may increase, which could adversely affect the operating results of certain
projects; cause us to default on certain types of contracts where we are contractually obligated to hedge certain risks, such as project financing agreements; prevent us from developing new projects where interest rate hedging is required; cause the
Company to abandon certain of its hedging strategies and transactions, thereby increasing our exposure to interest rate, commodity and currency risk; and/or consume substantial liquidity by forcing the Company to post cash and/or other permitted
collateral in support of these derivatives. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

91 

Table of Contents

On June 12, 2009 AES Kelanitissa received a letter and an invoice from the Director
General, Public Utilities Commission of Sri Lanka (“PUC”) seeking payment of an Annual Regulatory Fee and pursuant to PUC assurances on an application for renewal of the AES Kelanitissa generation license. The application is pursuant to an
April 2009 revision of the Sri Lanka Electricity Act (“Electricity Act”), which came into force in April 2009, notwithstanding that in March 29, 2001, AES Kelanitissa had been granted, and pre-paid fees for, a 21 year generation
license with effect from September 25, 2000 under the Electricity Act, 1950. AES Kelanitissa submitted an application to be licensed under the revised legislation and, on August 26, 2009, PUC published its intention to issue a generation
license under the revised legislation to AES Kelanitissa and other Independent Power Producers (“IPPs”) in Sri Lanka. This was consistent with assurances received from relevant authorities that the revised legislation was to be amended to
grandfather IPPs with existing generation licenses. In a letter dated June 21, 2010 from the PUC, AES Kelanitissa was informed that under the new regulations, as amended in 2009, AES Kelanitissa (Pvt) Ltd no longer fulfilled the eligibility
criteria to apply for a generation license. The “eligibility criteria” to which the letter refers is a provision requiring an element of state ownership. Representatives of AES Kelanitissa have been informed that an amendment to the
Electricity Act to grandfather existing IPPs remains in the legislative pipeline, although it is not possible to predict with certainty when or whether such an amendment will be passed. In addition, AES Kelanitissa believes that under Sri Lankan
law, it may continue operations under the 21 year license issued in 2001. No step has been taken to date to prohibit AES Kelanitissa from generating power and conducting its operations. However, in the event that it is determined that AES
Kelanitissa may not operate under its current license or the revised legislation is not amended (and PUC maintains that AES Kelanitissa is ineligible for a generation license or extension of the Generating License), AES Kelanitissa may not be able
to continue operations on grounds that it has no license under the revised legislation. In that event, AES Kelanitissa and/or the Company could face a number of adverse consequences, including potential litigation with counterparties mitigating a
write down in the value of the assets of the business, continued default status under its debt documents and/or other consequences which could have a material impact on the Company or its results of operations. 

Our Generation business in the United States is subject to the provisions of various laws and regulations administered in whole or
in part by the FERC, including the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (“PURPA”), the Federal Power Act, and the EPAct 2005. Actions by the FERC and by state utility commissions can have a material effect on our operations.

EPAct 2005 authorizes the FERC to remove the obligation of electric utilities under Section 210 of PURPA to
enter into new contracts for the purchase or sale of electricity from or to QFs if certain market conditions are met. Pursuant to this authority, the FERC has instituted a rebuttable presumption that utilities located within the control areas of the
Midwest Transmission System Operator, Inc., PJM (“Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Maryland”) Interconnection, L.L.C., ISO New England, Inc., the New York Independent System Operator (“NYISO”) and the Electric Reliability
Council of Texas, Inc. are not required to purchase or sell power from or to QFs above a certain size. In addition, the FERC is authorized under the new law to remove the purchase/sale obligations of individual utilities on a case-by-case
basis. While the new law does not affect existing contracts, as a result of the changes to PURPA, our QFs may face a more difficult market environment when their current long-term contracts expire. 

EPAct 2005 repealed PUHCA 1935 and enacted PUHCA 2005 in its place. PUHCA 1935 had the effect of requiring utility holding companies to
operate in geographically proximate regions and therefore limited the range of potential combinations and mergers among utilities. By comparison, PUHCA 2005 has no such restrictions and simply provides the FERC and state utility commissions with
enhanced access to the books and records of certain utility holding companies. The repeal of PUHCA 1935 removed barriers to mergers and other potential combinations which could result in the creation of large, geographically dispersed utility
holding companies. These entities may have enhanced financial strength and therefore an increased ability to compete with us in the United States generation market. 

92 

Table of Contents

In accordance with Congressional mandates in the EPAct 1992 and now in EPAct 2005, the FERC
has strongly encouraged competition in wholesale electric markets. Increased competition may have the effect of lowering our operating margins. Among other steps, the FERC has encouraged RTOs and ISOs to develop demand response bidding programs as a
mechanism for responding to peak electric demand. These programs may reduce the value of our peaking assets which rely on very high prices during a relatively small number of hours to recover their costs. Similarly, the FERC is encouraging the
construction of new transmission infrastructure in accordance with provisions of EPAct 2005. Although new transmission lines may increase market opportunities, they may also increase the competition in our existing markets. 

While the FERC continues to promote competition, some state utility commissions have reversed course and begun to encourage the
construction of generation facilities by traditional utilities to be paid for on a cost-of-service basis by retail ratepayers. Such actions have the effect of reducing sale opportunities in the competitive wholesale generating markets in which we
operate. 

Our businesses are subject to stringent environmental laws and regulations. 

Our activities are subject to stringent environmental laws and regulations by many federal, regional, state and local authorities,
international treaties and foreign governmental authorities. These laws and regulations generally concern emissions into the air, effluents into the water, use of water, wetlands preservation, remediation of contamination, waste disposal, endangered
species and noise regulation, among others. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations or to obtain any necessary environmental permits pursuant to such laws and regulations could result in fines or other sanctions. Environmental laws and
regulations affecting power generation and distribution are complex and have tended to become more stringent over time. Congress and other domestic and foreign governmental authorities have either considered or implemented various laws and
regulations to restrict or tax certain emissions, particularly those involving air and water emissions. See the various descriptions of these laws and regulations contained in Item 1.—Business—Regulatory Matters of this
Form 10-K. These laws and regulations have imposed, and proposed laws and regulations could impose in the future, additional costs on the operation of our power plants. We have incurred and will continue to incur significant capital and other
expenditures to comply with these and other environmental laws and regulations. Changes in, or new, environmental restrictions may force us to incur significant expenses or expenses that may exceed our estimates. There can be no assurance that we
would be able to recover all or any increased environmental costs from our customers or that our business, financial condition, including recorded asset values or results of operations would not be materially and adversely affected by such
expenditures or any changes in domestic or foreign environmental laws and regulations. 

Our businesses are subject to
enforcement initiatives from environmental regulatory agencies. 

The EPA has pursued an
enforcement initiative against coal-fired generating plants alleging wide-spread violations of the new source review and prevention of significant deterioration provisions of the CAA. The EPA has brought suit against a number of companies and has
obtained settlements with approximately 17 companies over such allegations. The allegations typically involve claims that a company made major modifications to a coal-fired generating unit without proper permit approval and without installing best
available control technology. The principal focus of this EPA enforcement initiative is emissions of SO
2 

and NO
X

. In
connection with this enforcement initiative, the EPA has imposed fines and required companies to install improved pollution control technologies to reduce emissions of SO
2

 and NO
X

. One of our businesses, IPL, is currently the subject of such an EPA enforcement action, and another business, Eastern
Energy, has received an information request from the EPA in connection with a possible enforcement action. See Item 3.—Legal Proceedings of this Form 10-K for more detail with respect to these EPA enforcement actions and information
requests. There can be no assurance that foreign environmental regulatory agencies in countries in which our subsidiaries operate will not pursue similar enforcement initiatives under relevant laws and regulations. 

93 

Table of Contents

Regulators, politicians, non-governmental organizations and other private parties have
expressed concern about greenhouse gas, or GHG, emissions and the potential risks associated with climate change and are taking actions which could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and
cash flows. 

As discussed in Item 1.—Business—Regulatory
Matters—Environmental and Land Use Regulations, at the international, federal and various regional and state levels, rules are in effect or policies are under development to regulate GHG emissions, thereby effectively putting a cost on
such emissions in order to create financial incentives to reduce them. In 2010, the Company’s subsidiaries operated businesses which had total approximate CO

2

 emissions of 77.2 million metric tonnes approximately 40 million of which were emitted by businesses located in
the United States (both figures ownership adjusted). The Company uses CO
2

 emission estimation methodologies supported by “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol” reporting standard on GHG emissions. For existing power generation plants, CO
2

 emissions are either obtained directly from plant continuous emission
monitoring systems or calculated from actual fuel heat inputs and fuel type CO
2

 emission factors. The estimated annual CO
2 

emissions from fossil fuel electric power generation facilities of the Company’s subsidiaries that are in construction or development and have received the necessary air permits for commercial
operations are approximately 18 million metric tonnes (ownership adjusted). This overall estimate is based upon a number of projections and assumptions which may prove to be incorrect such as the forecast dispatch, anticipated plant efficiency,
fuel type, CO
2

 emissions and our subsidiaries’ achieving
completion of such construction and development projects. However, it is certain that the projects under construction or development when completed will increase emissions of our portfolio and therefore could increase the risks associated with
emissions described below. Because there is significant uncertainty regarding these estimates, actual emissions from these projects under construction or development may vary substantially from these estimates. 

The subsidiaries of the Company often seek to pass on any costs arising from CO
2

 emissions to contract counterparties, but there can be no assurance that
the subsidiaries of the Company will effectively pass such costs onto the contract counterparties or that the cost and burden associated with any dispute over which party bears such costs would not be burdensome and costly to the relevant
subsidiaries of the Company. 

Foreign, federal, state or regional regulation of GHG emissions could have a material adverse
impact on the Company’s financial performance. The actual impact on the Company’s financial performance and the financial performance of the Company’s subsidiaries will depend on a number of factors, including among others, the degree
and timing of GHG emissions reductions required under any such legislation or regulations, the cost of emissions reduction equipment the price and availability of offsets, the extent to which market based compliance options are available, the extent
to which our subsidiaries would be entitled to receive GHG emissions allowances without having to purchase them in an auction or on the open market and the impact of such legislation or regulation on the ability of our subsidiaries to recover costs
incurred through rate increases or otherwise. As a result of these factors, our cost of compliance could be substantial and could have a material impact on our results of operations. 

In January 2005, based on European Community “Directive 2003/87/EC on Greenhouse Gas Emission Allowance
Trading,” the European Union Greenhouse Gas Emission Trading Scheme (“EU ETS”) commenced operation as the largest multi-country GHG emission trading scheme in the world. On February 16, 2005, the Kyoto Protocol became effective.
The Kyoto Protocol requires the 40 developed countries that have ratified it to substantially reduce their GHG emissions, including CO
2

. To date, compliance with the Kyoto Protocol and the EU ETS has not had a material adverse effect on the Company’s
consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

The United States has not
ratified the Kyoto Protocol. In the United States, there currently is no legislation establishing federal mandatory GHG emission reduction programs (including CO
2

) affecting the electric power generation facilities of the Company’s subsidiaries. However, federal GHG legislation
has been proposed in the United States Congress that would, if enacted, constrain GHG emissions, including CO
2

, and/or impose costs on 

94 

Table of Contents

us that could be material to our business or results of operations. The EPA has also initiated regulations pertaining to GHG emissions that require new sources of GHG emissions of over 100,000
tons per year, and existing sources planning physical changes that would increase their GHG emissions by more than 75,000 tons per year, to obtain new source review permits from the EPA prior to construction or modification. 

Such regulations could increase our costs directly and indirectly and have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of
operations. See Item 1. Business—Regulatory Matters—Environmental and Land Use Regulations of this Form 10-K for further discussion about these environmental agreements, laws and regulations. 

At the state level, RGGI, a cap-and-trade program covering
CO
2

 emissions from electric power generation facilities in
the Northeast, became effective in January 2009, and the WCI is also developing market-based programs to address GHG emissions in seven western states. In addition, several states, including California, have adopted comprehensive legislation that,
when effective, will require mandatory GHG reductions from several industrial sectors, including the electric power generation industry. See Item 1.—Business—Regulatory Matters—Environmental and Land Use Regulations of
this Form 10-K for further discussion about the United States state environmental regulations we face. At this time, other than with regard to RGGI (further described below), the Company cannot estimate the costs of compliance with United
States federal, regional or state CO

2

 emissions reduction
legislation or initiatives, due to the fact that these proposals are in earlier stages of development and any final regulations or legislation, if adopted, could vary drastically from current proposals. 

The RGGI program became effective in January 2009. The first regional auction of RGGI allowances needed to be
acquired by power generators to comply with state programs implementing RGGI was held in September 2008, with subsequent auctions occurring approximately every quarter. Our subsidiaries in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Maryland are subject
to RGGI. Of the approximately 40 million metric tonnes of CO
2

 emitted in the United States by our subsidiaries in 2010 (ownership adjusted), approximately 11.3 million metric tonnes were emitted in United States states participating in RGGI. Over the past
three years, such emissions have averaged approximately 10.9 million metric tonnes. While CO
2

 emissions from businesses operated by subsidiaries of the Company are calculated globally in metric tonnes, RGGI allowances are denominated in short tons. (1 metric tonne equals 2,200 pounds and
1 short ton equals 2,000 pounds.) For forecasting purposes, the Company has modeled the impact of CO
2

 compliance based on a 3-year average of CO
2

 emissions for its businesses that are subject to RGGI and that may not be able to pass through compliance costs. The model includes a conversion from metric tonnes to short tons as well as the impact of
some market recovery by merchant plants and contractual and regulatory provisions. The model also utilizes a price of $1.86 per allowance under RGGI. The source of this allowance price estimate was the clearing price in the recent RGGI allowance
auction held in December 2010. Based on these assumptions, the Company estimates that the RGGI compliance costs could be approximately $15 million for 2011, which is the last year of the first RGGI compliance period. Given the fact that the
assumptions utilized in the model may prove to be incorrect, there is a significant risk that our actual compliance costs under RGGI will differ from our estimates by a material amount and that our model could underestimate our costs of compliance.

In addition to government regulators, other groups such as politicians, environmentalists and other private parties have
expressed increasing concern about GHG emissions. For example, certain financial institutions have expressed concern about providing financing for facilities which would emit GHGs, which can affect our ability to obtain capital, or if we can obtain
capital, to receive it on commercially viable terms. In addition, rating agencies may decide to downgrade our credit ratings based on the emissions of the businesses operated by our subsidiaries or increased compliance costs which could make
financing unattractive. In addition, environmental groups and other private plaintiffs have brought and may decide to bring additional private lawsuits against the Company because of its subsidiaries’ GHG emissions. The Company is facing and
may face in the future private lawsuits relating to GHG emissions that may have a material impact on the Company’s results of operations. In one recent case in the United States, which does not involve the Company, a federal appellate court
reversed the dismissal by a federal district court of nuisance and other claims against emitters of GHG based on property damage allegedly caused by their contributions to global warming. While the scope of relief sought in that case is

95 

Table of Contents

unclear, the plaintiffs in this case evidently seek injunctive relief to prevent or reduce further GHG emissions. The defendants appealed the appellate court decision to the Supreme Court of the
United States, and the Supreme Court is expected to render a decision in 2011. If the defendants do not prevail, other parties may be encouraged to bring similar suits against electric power generators, including the Company or any of its United
States subsidiaries. Also, unless the United States Congress acts to preempt such suits as part of comprehensive federal legislation, additional lawsuits may be brought against the Company or its subsidiaries. At this stage of the litigation, it is
impossible to predict whether such lawsuits are likely to prevail or result in damages awards. Consequently, it is impossible to determine whether such lawsuits are likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated results
of operations and financial condition. 

Furthermore, according to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, physical
risks from climate change could include, but are not limited to, increased runoff and earlier spring peak discharge in many glacier and snow fed rivers, warming of lakes and rivers, an increase in sea level, changes and variability in precipitation
and in the intensity and frequency of extreme weather events. Physical impacts may have the potential to significantly affect the Company’s business and operations, and any such potential impact may render it more difficult for our businesses
to obtain financing. For example, extreme weather events could result in increased downtime and operation and maintenance costs at the electric power generation facilities and support facilities of the Company’s subsidiaries. Variations in
weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity also would be expected to affect the energy needs of customers. A decrease in energy consumption could decrease the revenues of the Company’s subsidiaries. In addition, while revenues would
be expected to increase if the energy consumption of customers increased, such increase could prompt the need for additional investment in generation capacity. Changes in the temperature of lakes and rivers and changes in precipitation that result
in drought could adversely affect the operations of the fossil-fuel fired electric power generation facilities of the Company’s subsidiaries. Changes in temperature, precipitation and snow pack conditions also could affect the amount and timing
of hydroelectric generation. 

In addition to potential physical risks noted by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change,
there could be damage to the reputation of the Company and its subsidiaries due to public perception of GHG emissions by the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and any such negative public perception or concerns could ultimately result in a
decreased demand for electric power generation or distribution from our subsidiaries. The level of GHG emissions made by subsidiaries of the Company is not a factor in the compensation of executives of the Company. 

If any of the foregoing risks materialize, costs may increase or revenues may decrease and there could be a material adverse effect on
the electric power generation businesses of the Company’s subsidiaries and on the Company’s consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Tax legislation initiatives or challenges to our tax positions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our subsidiaries have operations in the United States and various non-United States jurisdictions. As such, we are subject to the tax
laws and regulations of the United States federal, state and local governments and of many non-United States jurisdictions. From time to time, legislative measures may be enacted that could adversely affect our overall tax positions. There can be no
assurance that our effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely affected by these initiatives. In addition, United States federal, state and local, as well as non-United States, tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject
to varying interpretations. There can be no assurance that our tax positions will be sustained if challenged by relevant tax authorities. 

We and our affiliates are subject to material litigation and regulatory proceedings. 

We and our affiliates are parties to material litigation and regulatory proceedings. See Item 3.—Legal Proceedings below. There can be no assurances that the outcome of such matters will not
have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position. 

96 

Table of Contents

The SEC is conducting an informal inquiry relating to our restatements.

We have been cooperating with an informal inquiry by the SEC Staff concerning our past restatements and related
matters, and have been providing information and documents to the SEC Staff on a voluntary basis. Although we have not received correspondence regarding this inquiry for some time, we have not been advised that the matter is closed. Because we are
unable to predict the outcome of this inquiry, the SEC Staff may disagree with the manner in which we have accounted for and reported the financial impact of the adjustments to previously filed financial statements and there may be a risk that the
inquiry by the SEC could lead to circumstances in which we may have to further restate previously filed financial statements, amend prior filings or take other actions not currently contemplated.