You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set
forth in this MD&A or elsewhere in our Annual Report or our Form 10-K. These risks and other
factors may affect forward-looking statements, including those in this MD&A or made by us
elsewhere, such as in investor calls or conference presentations. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently
known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business.

If any of the following risks or uncertainties develops into actual events, this could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In that
case, the trading price of our common stock could decline materially.

Loss of membership or failure to achieve profitable membership growth and diversify geographic
concentrations in our core insured membership (including strategies to increase membership for
targeted product types and customers, such as commercial or public sector business) could
materially adversely affect our results of operations.

Competitive factors and ongoing changes in the health benefits industry create pressure to contain
premium price increases despite being faced with increasing medical costs. Our customer contracts
are subject to negotiation as customers seek to contain their costs, and customers may elect to
reduce benefits in order to limit increases in their benefit costs or self-insure; such elections
may result in reduced membership in our more profitable Risk products and lower premiums for our
Risk products, although such elections also may reduce our health care costs. Alternatively, our
customers may purchase different types of products from us that are less profitable, or move to a
competitor to obtain more favorable premiums. Our membership is also concentrated in certain
geographic areas, and increased competition in those geographic areas could therefore have a
disproportionate adverse effect on our operating results. Among other factors, we compete on the basis of
overall cost, plan design, customer service, quality and

Page 34 

sufficiency of medical provider networks and quality of medical management programs. In addition
to competitive pressures affecting our ability to obtain new customers or retain existing
customers, our membership can be affected by reductions in workforce by existing customers due to
soft general economic conditions, especially in the geographies where our membership is
concentrated. Failure to profitably grow and diversify our membership geographically or by product
type may adversely affect our operating results.

Our ability to manage health care costs affects our profitability.

Our profitability depends in large part on our ability to appropriately manage future health care
costs through underwriting criteria, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts
and medical management programs. The aging of the population and other demographic
characteristics, advances in medical technology and other factors continue to contribute to rising
health care costs. Government-imposed limitations on Medicare and Medicaid reimbursements have
also caused the private sector to assume a greater share of increasing health care costs. Changes
in health care practices, inflation, new technologies, increases in the cost of prescription drugs,
direct-to-consumer marketing by pharmaceutical companies, clusters of high cost cases, changes in
the regulatory environment, health care provider or member fraud and numerous other factors
affecting the cost of health care can be beyond any health plan’s control and may adversely affect
our ability to manage health care costs, as well as our business, financial condition and operating
results.

Our ability to forecast health care and other benefit costs, detect changes in these costs and
achieve appropriate pricing affects our profitability.

We continue to be vigilant in our pricing and have generally increased our premiums for new and
renewal Risk business in 2007. Premiums in the health business are generally fixed for one-year
periods. Accordingly, future cost increases in excess of medical cost projections reflected in our
pricing cannot be recovered in the contract year through higher premiums. As a result, our profits
are particularly sensitive to the accuracy of our forecasts of increases in health care and other
benefit costs, which we make before we renew or place new business and are dependent on our ability
to anticipate and detect medical cost trends. There can be no assurance regarding the accuracy of
the health care or other benefit cost projections we assumed for pricing purposes, including the
impact of external events over which we have no control. If the rate of increase in medical costs
in 2007 were to exceed the levels we projected for pricing purposes, our operating results would be
materially adversely affected.

We must continue to provide quality service to our customers that meets their expectations.

Our ability to attract and retain membership is dependent upon providing quality customer service
operations (such as call center operations, claim processing, mail order pharmacy prescription
delivery, specialty pharmacy prescription delivery and customer case installation) that meet or
exceed our customers’ expectations. Failure to provide service that meets our customers’
expectations can affect our ability to retain or grow profitable membership which can adversely
affect our operating results.

We must continue to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors; we
operate in an evolving industry that requires us to anticipate changes in customer preferences and
deliver products and services that demonstrate value to our customers.

We operate in a highly competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to significant
ongoing changes from market pressures brought about by customer demands, as well as business
consolidations, strategic alliances, legislative and regulatory changes and marketing practices.
These factors require us to differentiate our products and services by anticipating changes in
customer preferences and delivering products and services that demonstrate value to our customers.
Failure to anticipate changes in customer preferences and deliver products and services that
demonstrate value to our customers can affect our ability to retain or grow profitable membership
which can adversely affect our operating results.

Our business success and profitability depend in part on effective information technology systems
and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology; certain significant
multiyear strategic information technology projects are currently in process.

Our businesses depend in large part on our information and other technology systems for processing
claims and interacting with providers, employer plan sponsors and members, and our business
strategy involves providing customers with easy to use products that leverage information to meet
the needs of those customers. Our success is dependent in large part on maintaining the
effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology
systems that support our business processes in a cost and resource efficient

Page 35 

manner, including through technology outsourcing, within the context of a limited budget of human
resources and capital. Certain of our technology systems (including software) are older, legacy
systems that are less efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant capital and human
resources to maintain. We also need to develop new systems to meet current standards and keep pace
with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory
standards, and customer demands. System development projects are long-term in nature and may cost
more than we expect to complete and may not deliver the benefits we project once they are complete.
If we do not effectively and efficiently manage and upgrade our technology portfolio, our
operating results may be adversely affected.

We face risks from industry and economic forces that can change the fundamentals of the health and
related benefits industry and adversely affect our business and operating results.

Various factors particular to the health and related benefits industry including, among others, the
rapid evolution of the business model, shifts in public policy, consumerism, pricing actions by
competitors, competitor consolidation and a shrinking number of commercially insured people may
impact our business model. We also face the potential of competition from existing or new
companies that have not historically been in the health or group insurance industries. For
example, the GLBA gives banks and other financial institutions the ability to affiliate with
insurance companies, which may lead to new competitors with significant financial resources in the
insurance and health benefits fields. If we are unable to anticipate, detect and deploy meaningful
responses to these external factors, our business and operating results may be adversely affected.

Our ability to manage general and administrative expenses affects our profitability.

Our profitability depends in part on our ability to drive our general and administrative expenses
to competitive levels through controlling salaries and related benefits and information technology
and other general and administrative costs, while being able to attract and retain key employees,
maintain robust management practices and controls and implement improvements in technology.

We would be adversely affected if we do not effectively deploy our capital.

Our operations have generated significant capital in recent periods, and we have the ability to
raise additional capital. In deploying our capital to fund our investments in operations
(including information technology projects), share repurchases, potential acquisitions or other
capital uses, we would be adversely affected if we do not appropriately balance the risks and
opportunities that are inherent in each method of deploying our capital.

We are subject to potential changes in public policy that can adversely affect the markets for our
products and our profitability.

It is not possible to predict with certainty or eliminate the impact of fundamental public policy
changes that could adversely affect us. Examples of these changes include policy changes that
would fundamentally change the dynamics of our industry, such as the federal or one or more state
governments assuming a larger role in the health care industry. Legislative proposals that would
significantly reform the health care system are currently pending in many states and have been
advanced by a number of candidates running for president in 2008. Our operating results could be
adversely affected by such changes even if we correctly predict their
occurrence.

Managing key executive succession is critical to our success.

We would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for succession of our senior
management and other key executives. While we have succession plans in place and we have
employment arrangements with certain key executives, these do not guarantee that the services of
these executives will continue to be available to us.

We would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately protect member health related and other
sensitive information.

We maintain large amounts of personal health and financial information and other sensitive data
about our members in the ordinary course of our business. Our business therefore depends
substantially on our members’ and customers’ willingness to entrust us with their health related
and other sensitive information. Events that negatively affect that trust, including failing to
maintain appropriate safeguards to keep sensitive information secure, whether as a result of our
action or inaction or that of one of our vendors, could adversely affect our reputation and also
expose us to litigation and other proceedings, fines and/or penalties, any of which could adversely
affect our business, operating results or financial condition.

Page 36 

We face a wide range of risks, and our success depends on our ability to identify, prioritize and
appropriately manage our enterprise risk exposures.

As a large company operating in a complex industry, we encounter a variety of risks. The risks we
face include, among other matters, the range of industry, competitive, regulatory, financial,
operational or external risks identified in this Risk Factors discussion. In recent periods, we
have devoted additional resources to developing and integrating enterprise-wide risk management
processes. Failure to identify, prioritize and appropriately manage or mitigate these risks,
including risk concentrations across different industries, segments and geographies, can affect our
profitability, our ability to retain or grow business, or, in the event of extreme circumstances,
our financial condition or viability.

Sales of our products and services are dependent on our ability to attract, retain and provide
support to a network of internal sales personnel and third party brokers and consultants.

Our products are sold primarily through our sales personnel, who frequently work with independent
brokers and consultants who assist in the production and servicing of business. Our sales would be
adversely affected if we are unable to attract or retain sales personnel or if we do not adequately
provide support, training and education to this sales network regarding our product portfolio,
which is complex.

We expect that management will need to focus simultaneously on multiple strategic and operational
initiatives as we seek to further improve our financial performance, profitably grow our business
and differentiate our products and services; if we do not successfully implement these initiatives,
or if these initiatives do not achieve their objectives, our results could be materially adversely
affected.

Our management will need to continue to focus on simultaneously executing multiple strategic and
operational projects and initiatives, including, among other things, addressing rising medical
costs, achieving profitable membership growth, further improving the efficiency of our operations,
managing certain significant technology projects, further improving relations with health care
providers, negotiating customer or provider contracting changes, and implementing other business
process improvements. The future performance of our business will depend in large part on our
ability to design and implement these initiatives, some of which will occur over several years. If
these initiatives do not achieve their objectives or result in
increased medical costs, our
operating results could be adversely affected.

Our profitability may be adversely affected if we are unable to contract with providers on
favorable terms and otherwise maintain favorable provider relationships.

Our profitability is dependent in part upon our ability to contract competitively while maintaining
favorable relationships with hospitals, physicians and other health benefits providers. That
ability is affected by the rates we pay providers for services rendered to our members, our
business practices and processes, provider payment and other provider relations practices, as well
as factors not associated with us that impact these providers. The sufficiency and quality of our
networks of available providers is also an important factor when customers consider our products
and services. The failure to maintain or to secure new cost-effective health care provider
contracts may result in a loss in membership and/or higher medical costs, which could adversely
affect our operating results.

Negative public perception of the health benefits industry, or of the industry’s or our practices,
can adversely affect our profitability.

The health benefits industry is subject to negative publicity, which can arise either from actual
or perceived shortfalls regarding the industry’s or our business practices and/or products. The
risk of negative publicity is particularly high in an election year. This risk may be increased as
we offer new products, such as products with limited benefits, targeted at market segments, such as
the uninsured, beyond those in which we traditionally have operated. Negative publicity may
further increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our profitability by:

•

Adversely affecting the Aetna brand particularly,

•

Adversely affecting our ability to market our products and/or services,

•

Requiring us to change our products and/or services, or

•

Increasing the regulatory and legislative requirements with which we must comply.

Page 37 

We hold reserves for expected claims, which are estimated, and these estimates involve an extensive
degree of judgment; if actual claims exceed reserve estimates, our operating results could be
materially adversely affected; moreover any requirement to restate financial results due to the
inappropriate application of accounting principles or other matters could also have a material
adverse effect on us.

Health care costs payable reflect estimates of the ultimate cost of claims that have been incurred
but not yet reported to us and claims that have been reported to us but not yet paid. Health care
costs payable are estimated periodically, and any resulting adjustments are reflected in
current-period operating results within health care costs. Health care costs payable are based on
a number of factors, including those derived from historical claim experience. A large portion of
health care claims are not submitted to us until after the end of the quarter in which services are
rendered by providers to our members. As a result, an extensive degree of judgment is used in this
estimation process, considerable variability is inherent in such estimates, and the adequacy of the
estimate is highly sensitive to changes in medical claims payment patterns and changes in medical
cost trends. A worsening (or improvement) of medical cost trend or changes in claim payment
patterns from those that were assumed in estimating health care costs payable at December 31, 2006
would cause these estimates to change in the near term, and such a change could be material. Refer
to our discussion of Health Care results and Critical Accounting
Estimates-Health Care Costs Payable on pages 5 and 21, respectively, for more
information.

The appropriate application of accounting principles in accordance with GAAP is required to ensure
the soundness and accuracy of our financial statements. An inappropriate application of these
principles may lead to a restatement of our financial results and/or a deterioration in the
soundness and accuracy of our reported financial results. If we experienced such a deterioration,
users of our financial statements may lose confidence in our reported results, which could
adversely affect our access to capital markets.

We are dependent on our ability to manage and engage a very large workforce.

Our products and services and our operations require a large number of employees. We would be
adversely affected if our retention, development, succession and other human resource management
techniques are not aligned with our strategic objectives.

Epidemics, pandemics, terrorists attacks, natural disasters or other extreme events or the
continued threat of these extreme events could materially increase health care utilization,
pharmacy costs, life and disability claims and impact our business continuity, although we cannot
predict with certainty whether any such increases will occur.

Extreme events, including terrorism, can affect the U.S. economy in general, our industry and us
specifically. Such events could materially adversely affect our business and operating results,
and in the event of extreme circumstances, our financial condition or viability. Other than
obtaining insurance coverage for our facilities, there are few, if any, commercial options through
which to transfer the exposure from terrorism away from us. In particular, in the event of
bioterrorism attacks, epidemics or other extreme events, we could face significant health care
(including behavioral health) and disability costs depending on the government’s actions and the
responsiveness of public health agencies and other insurers. In addition, our life insurance
members and our employees and those of our vendors are concentrated in certain large, metropolitan
areas which may be exposed to these events. We could also be adversely affected if we do not
maintain adequate procedures to ensure disaster recovery and business continuity during and after
such events.

We must demonstrate that our products and processes lead to access by our members to quality care
by their providers, or delivery of care by us.

Failure to demonstrate that our products and processes (such as disease management and patient
safety programs, provider credentialing and other quality of care and information management
initiatives) lead to access by our members to quality care by providers or by us would adversely
affect our ability to differentiate our product and/or service offerings from those of competitors
and could adversely affect our results of operations.

Page 38 

We face risks related to litigation.

We are growing by expanding into certain segments and subsegments of the healthcare marketplace.
Some of the segments and subsegments we have targeted for growth include Medicare, Medicaid,
individual, public sector and labor customers who are not subject to ERISA’s limits on state law
remedies. In addition, we are entering into businesses in which we previously did not
participate, including mail order pharmacy, specialty pharmacy and ActiveHealth. These businesses
may increase the risks we face from litigation and other adverse legal proceedings. For example,
we are dispensing medications at our mail order and specialty pharmacies directly to members.

In addition, we are party to a number of lawsuits, certain of which are purported to be class
actions. The majority of these cases relate to the conduct of our health care business and allege
various violations of law. Many of these cases seek substantial damages (including punitive
damages) and may also seek changes in our business practices. We may also be subject to additional
litigation and other adverse legal proceedings in the future. Litigation and other adverse legal
proceedings could materially adversely affect our business or operating results because of
reputational harm to us caused by such proceedings, the costs of defending such proceedings, the
costs of settlement or judgments against us, or the changes in our operations that could result
from such proceedings. For example, we made certain changes to our business practices in
connection with the settlement in 2003 of a large provider class action that we must continue to
effectively implement. Refer to Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on
page 79 for more information.

Our business activities are highly regulated; further regulation could also materially adversely
affect our business.

Our business is subject to extensive regulation and oversight by state and federal governmental
authorities. The federal and many state governments have enacted and continue to consider
legislative and regulatory changes related to health products. We must monitor these changes and
timely implement any revisions to our business processes that these changes require. At this time,
we are unable to predict the impact of future changes, although we anticipate that some of these
measures, if enacted, could adversely affect our health operations including:

•

Affecting premium rates,

•

Reducing our ability to manage medical costs,

•

Increasing medical costs and operating expenses,

•

Increasing our exposure to lawsuits and other adverse legal proceedings,

•

Regulating levels and permitted lines of business,

•

Imposing financial assessments, and/or

•

Regulating business practices.

There continues to be a heightened review by regulators of the health care insurance industry’s
business and reporting practices, including utilization management and claim payment practices, as
well as review of the general insurance industry’s brokerage practices. As one of the largest
national health insurers, we are regularly the subject of regulatory market conduct reviews and
several such reviews currently are pending, some of which may be resolved during 2007. These
regulatory reviews could result in changes to or clarifications of our business practices, and also
could result in material fines, penalties or other sanctions. Our business also may be adversely
impacted by judicial and regulatory decisions that expand the interpretations of existing statutes
and regulations, impose medical or bad faith liability, increase our responsibilities under ERISA,
or reduce the scope of ERISA pre-emption of state law claims. We also have received subpoenas for
information from various state attorneys’ general and inquiries from other regulatory authorities
with respect to an industry wide investigation into certain insurance
brokerage practices.

For more information regarding these matters, refer to Regulatory Environment beginning on page 28
and Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning
on page 79.

Page 39 

In order to remain competitive, we must further integrate our businesses and processes; significant
acquisitions could make this integration more challenging.

Ineffective integration of our businesses and processes may adversely affect our ability to compete
by, among other things, increasing our costs relative to competitors. This integration task may be
made more complex by significant acquisitions, and our strategy includes effectively investing our
capital in appropriate acquisitions in addition to share repurchases or current operations to seek
to generate returns. In addition to integration risks, some additional risks we face with respect
to acquisitions include:

•

The acquired business may not perform as projected;

•

We may assume liabilities, including those that were not disclosed to us;

•

We may be unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses and other
processes to realize anticipated economic and other benefits on a timely
basis, which could result in substantial costs or delays or other
operational or financial problems;

•

Acquisitions could disrupt our ongoing business, distract management,
divert resources and make it difficult to maintain our current business
standards, controls and procedures;

•

We may finance future acquisitions by issuing common stock for some or
all of the purchase price, which could dilute the ownership interests of
our shareholders;

•

We may also incur additional debt related to future acquisitions; and

•

We could be competing with other firms, some of which may have greater
financial and other resources and a greater tolerance for risk, to
acquire attractive companies.

General market conditions affect our investments in debt and equity securities, mortgage loans and
other investments and our income on those investments.

As an insurer, we have substantial investment portfolios of assets that support our policy
liabilities. The investment income we earn from our investment
portfolios is driven by the
level of interest rates in the U.S., and to a lesser extent the overseas, financial markets. Generally speaking,
lower interest rates, such as those experienced in the U.S. financial
markets in the early part of this decade, will negatively affect our investment income. Although we seek, within guidelines we deem
appropriate, to match the duration of our assets and liabilities and to manage our credit
exposures, a failure to adequately do so could materially adversely affect our results of
operations and our financial condition. Financial market conditions also affect our capital gains
or losses from investments.

We outsource and obtain certain information technology systems or other services from independent
third parties, and also delegate selected functions to independent practice associations and
specialty service providers; portions of our operations are subject to their performance.

Although we take steps to monitor and regulate the performance of independent third parties who
provide services to us or to whom we delegate selected functions, these arrangements may make our
operations vulnerable if those third parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us, whether
because of our failure to adequately monitor and regulate their performance, or changes in their
own financial condition or other matters outside our control. In recent years, certain third
parties to whom we delegated selected functions, such as independent practice associations and
specialty services providers, have experienced financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which
may subject us to increased costs and potential health benefits provider network disruptions, and
in some cases cause us to incur duplicative claims expense. Certain legislative authorities have
in recent periods also discussed or proposed legislation that would restrict outsourcing and, if
enacted, could materially increase our costs. We also could become overly dependent on key
vendors, which could cause us to lose core competencies if not properly monitored.

Our pension plan expenses are affected by general market conditions, interest rates and the
accuracy of actuarial estimates of future benefit costs.

We have a pension plan that covers a large number of current employees and retirees. Unfavorable
investment performance, interest rate changes or changes in estimates of benefit costs, if
significant, could adversely affect our operating results or financial condition by significantly
increasing our pension plan expense and obligations.

Page 40 

Government payors can determine premiums.

We are increasing our focus on the non-Commercial part of our Health Care business as part of our
business diversification efforts. In government-funded health programs such as Medicare and
Medicaid, the government payor determines the premium levels. If the government payor reduces the
premium levels or increases premiums by less than our costs increase and we cannot offset the
impact of these actions with supplemental premiums and changes in benefit plans, then our business
and operating results could be materially adversely affected. In addition, premiums for certain
federal government employee groups are subject to retroactive adjustments by the federal
government. Twelve percent of our consolidated revenues, and 13% of the revenues of the
Health Care business, were derived from the federal government in 2006. Any such adjustments could
materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We also face other risks that could adversely affect our business, results of operations or
financial condition, which include:

•

Failure of our prevention and control mechanisms related to
employee compliance with internal policies, including data system
security, and/or unethical conduct by managers and/or employees;

•

Health benefits provider fraud that is not prevented or detected
and impacts our medical costs or those of our self-insured
customers; and

•

Financial loss from inadequate insurance coverage due to self
insurance levels or unavailability of insurance and reinsurance
coverage for credit or other reasons;

•

A significant failure of internal control over financial reporting;

•

Failure of our corporate governance policies or procedures.