We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a
number of risks. The following discussion highlights some of
these risks and others are discussed elsewhere in this report.
These and other risks could

16

Table of Contents

materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, prospects, operating results or cash flows. The
following risk factors are not an exhaustive list of the risks
associated with our business. New factors may emerge or changes
to these risks could occur that could materially affect our
business.

 We operate in a highly competitive business.

The pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive and requires
an ongoing, extensive search for technological innovation. It
also requires, among other things, the ability to effectively
discover, develop, test and obtain regulatory approvals for
products, as well as the ability to effectively commercialize,
market and promote approved products, including communicating
the effectiveness, safety and value of products to actual and
prospective customers and medical professionals.

Many of our competitors have greater resources than we have.
This enables them, among other things, to make greater research
and development investments and spread their research and
development costs, as well as their marketing and promotion
costs, over a broader revenue base. Our competitors may also
have more experience and expertise in obtaining marketing
approvals from the FDA and other regulatory authorities. In
addition to product development, testing, approval and
promotion, other competitive factors in the pharmaceutical
industry include industry consolidation, product quality and
price, product technology, reputation, customer service and
access to technical information.

It is possible that developments by our competitors could make
our products or technologies less competitive or obsolete. Our
future growth depends, in part, on our ability to develop
products which are more effective. For instance, for our eye
care products to be successful, we must be able to manufacture
and effectively market those products and persuade a sufficient
number of eye care professionals to use or continue to use our
current products and the new products we may introduce. Glaucoma
must be treated over an extended period and doctors may be
reluctant to switch a patient to a new treatment if the
patient’s current treatment for glaucoma remains effective.
Sales of our existing products may decline rapidly if a new
product is introduced by one of our competitors or if we
announce a new product that, in either case, represents a
substantial improvement over our existing products. Similarly,
if we fail to make sufficient investments in research and
development programs, our current and planned products could be
surpassed by more effective or advanced products developed by
our competitors.

Until December 2000,
Botox
®
was the only neuromodulator approved by the FDA. At that time,
the FDA approved

Myobloc
®,
a neuromodulator formerly marketed by Elan Pharmaceuticals and
now marketed by Solstice Neurosciences, Inc. Beaufour Ipsen Ltd.
is seeking FDA approval of its

Dysport
®
neuromodulator for certain therapeutic indications and approval
of

Dysport
®/
Reloxin
®
for cosmetic indications. While Beaufour Ipsen previously
licensed

Dysport
®/
Reloxin
®
to Inamed for the cosmetic indication in the United States, it
will regain its licensed rights from Inamed in connection with
our acquisition of Inamed. It is our belief that Beaufour Ipsen
will likely relicense its rights to a partner in the United
States, which license could include other geographic regions and
indications. Beaufour Ipsen has marketed

Dysport
®
in Europe since 1991, prior to our European commercialization of

Botox
®
in 1992. Also, Mentor Corporation is conducting clinical trials
for a competing neuromodulator in the United States. In
addition, we are aware of competing neuromodulators currently
being developed and commercialized in Asia, Europe, South
America and other markets. A Chinese entity received approval to
market a botulinum toxin in China in 1997, and we believe that
it has launched or is planning to launch its botulinum toxin
product in other lightly regulated markets in Asia, South
America and Central America. These lightly regulated markets may
not require adherence to the FDA’s current Good
Manufacturing Practice, or cGMP, regulations, or the regulatory
requirements of the European Medical Evaluation Agency or other
regulatory agencies in countries that are members of the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.
Therefore, companies operating in these markets may be able to
produce products at a lower cost than we can. In addition, Merz
Pharmaceuticals received approval from German authorities for a
botulinum toxin and launched its product in July 2005, and a
Korean company is conducting Phase III clinical trials for
a botulinum toxin in Korea. This product received exportation
approval from Korean authorities in early 2005. Our sales of

Botox
®
could be materially and negatively impacted by this competition
or competition from other companies that might obtain FDA
approval or approval from other regulatory authorities to market
a neuromodulator.

17

Table of Contents

If our acquisition of Inamed is consummated, our principal
competitor in the United States for breast implants will be
Mentor Corporation. Mentor announced that it received an
“approvable letter” from the FDA for its silicone
breast implants in July 2005. If Mentor receives approval to
market and sell silicone breast implants in the United States
before we do, their silicone breast implants would be the only
approved silicone breast implants in the United States, giving
Mentor a competitive advantage over us in the United States
breast implant market, at least in the short term. In addition,
Medicis Corporation began marketing
Restylane
®,
a dermal filler, in January 2004. Through our purchase of
Inamed, we will acquire

Juvéderm
®,
a non-animal, hyaluronic acid-based dermal filler.

Juvéderm
®
is not yet approved by the FDA for sale in the United States.
Inamed began a clinical study of

Juvéderm
®
in the United States during in the fourth quarter of 2004 and
completed the filing of a premarket approval application with
the FDA in December 2005. We cannot assure you that Inamed will
receive approval to market

Juvéderm
®
in the United States, or if

Juvéderm
®
is approved, that

Juvéderm
®
will offer equivalent or greater facial aesthetic benefits to
competitive dermal filler products, that it will be competitive
in price or gain acceptance in the marketplace.

We also face competition from generic drug manufacturers in the
United States and internationally. For instance, Falcon
Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., an affiliate of Alcon Laboratories, Inc.,
is currently attempting to obtain FDA approval for and to launch
a brimonidine product to compete with our
Alphagan
®
P
product.

 Changes in the consumer marketplace and economic
 conditions may adversely affect sales or product margins of
 Botox®
 or
 Botox
®

Cosmetic.

Botox
®
Cosmetic is a consumer product. If we fail to anticipate,
identify or to react to competitive products or if consumer
preferences in the cosmetic marketplace shift to other
treatments for the temporary improvement in the appearance of
moderate to severe glabellar lines, we may experience a decline
in demand for

Botox
®
Cosmetic. In addition, the popular media has at times in the
past produced, and may continue in the future to produce,
negative reports and publicity regarding the efficacy, safety or
side effects of

Botox
®
Cosmetic. Consumer perceptions of

Botox
®
Cosmetic may be negatively impacted by these reports and for
other reasons, including the use of unapproved botulinum toxins
that result in injury, which may cause demand to decline.

Demand for
Botox
®
Cosmetic may also be materially adversely affected by changing
economic conditions. Generally, the costs of cosmetic procedures
are borne by individuals without reimbursement from their
medical insurance providers or government programs. Individuals
may be less willing to incur the costs of these procedures in
weak or uncertain economic environments, and demand for

Botox
®
Cosmetic could be adversely affected.

Changes in applicable tax laws may adversely affect sales or
product margins of
Botox
®
or

Botox
®
Cosmetic. Because

Botox
®
and

Botox
®
Cosmetic are pharmaceutical products, we generally do not
collect or pay state sales or other tax on sales of

Botox
®
or

Botox
®
Cosmetic. We could be required to collect and pay state sales or
other tax associated with prior, current or future years on
sales of

Botox
®
or

Botox
®
Cosmetic. In addition to any retroactive taxes and corresponding
interest and penalties that could be assessed, if we were
required to collect or pay state sales or other tax associated
with current or future years on sales of

Botox
®
or

Botox
®
Cosmetic, our sales of, or our product margins on,

Botox
®
or

Botox
®
Cosmetic could be adversely affected due to the increased cost
associated with those products.

 We could experience difficulties obtaining or creating the
 raw material needed to produce our products and interruptions in
 the supply of raw materials could disrupt our manufacturing and
 cause our sales and profitability to decline.

The loss of a material supplier or the interruption of our
manufacturing processes could adversely affect our ability to
manufacture or sell many of our products. We obtain the
specialty chemicals that are the active pharmaceutical
ingredients in certain of our products from single sources, who
must maintain compliance with the FDA’s cGMP regulations.
If we experience difficulties acquiring sufficient quantities of
these materials

18

Table of Contents

from our existing suppliers, or if our suppliers are found to be
non-compliant with the cGMPs, obtaining the required regulatory
approvals, including from the FDA, to use alternative suppliers
may be a lengthy and uncertain process. A lengthy interruption
of the supply of one or more of these materials could adversely
affect our ability to manufacture and supply products, which
could cause our sales and profitability to decline. In addition,
the manufacturing process to create the raw material necessary
to produce
Botox
®
is technically complex and requires significant lead-time. Any
failure by us to forecast demand for, or to maintain an adequate
supply of, the raw material and finished product could result in
an interruption in the supply of

Botox
®
and a resulting decrease in sales of the product.

If we consummate the Inamed acquisition, we will rely on a
single supplier for silicone raw materials used in some of our
products. We will also depend on third party manufacturers for
silicone molded components and facial aesthetics product lines,
with the exclusion of the bovine and human-based collagen
products. These third party manufacturers must maintain
compliance with FDA’s Quality System Regulation, or QSR,
which sets forth the current good manufacturing practice
requirements for medical devices. Any material reduction in our
raw material supply or a failure by our third party
manufacturers to maintain compliance with the QSR could result
in decreased sales of our products and a decease in our revenues.

 Our future success depends upon our ability to develop new
 products, and new indications for existing products, that
 achieve regulatory approval for commercialization.

For our business model to be successful, we must continually
develop, test and manufacture new products or achieve new
indications for the use of our existing products. Prior to
marketing, these new products and product indications must
satisfy stringent regulatory standards and receive requisite
approvals or clearances from regulatory authorities in the
United States and abroad. The development, regulatory review and
approval, and commercialization processes are time consuming,
costly and subject to numerous factors that may delay or prevent
the development, approval or clearance, and commercialization of
new products, including legal actions brought by our
competitors. To obtain approval or clearance of new indications
or products in the United States, we must submit, among other
information, the results of preclinical and clinical studies on
the new indication or product candidate to the FDA. The number
of preclinical and clinical studies that will be required for
FDA approval varies depending on the new indication or product
candidate, the disease or condition for which the new indication
or product candidate is in development and the regulations
applicable to that new indication or product candidate. Even if
we believe that the data collected from clinical trials of new
indications for our existing products or for our product
candidates are promising, the FDA may find such data to be
insufficient to support approval of the new indication or
product. The FDA can delay, limit or deny approval of a new
indication or product candidate for many reasons, including:

• 

 a determination that the new indication or product candidate is
 not safe and effective;

• 

 the FDA may interpret our preclinical and clinical data in
 different ways than we do;

• 

 the FDA may not approve our manufacturing processes or
 facilities;

• 

 the FDA may require us to perform post-marketing clinical
 studies; or

• 

 the FDA may change its approval policies or adopt new
 regulations.

Products that we are currently developing, other future product
candidates or new indications for our existing products may or
may not receive the regulatory approvals necessary for marketing
or may receive such approvals only after delay or unanticipated
costs. Delays or unanticipated costs in any part of the process
or our inability to obtain timely regulatory approval for our
products, including those attributable to, among other things,
our failure to maintain manufacturing facilities in compliance
with all applicable regulatory requirements, including cGMPs and
QSR, could cause our operating results to suffer and our stock
price to decrease. We are also required to pass pre-approval
reviews and plant inspections of our and our suppliers’
facilities to demonstrate our compliance with cGMPs and QSR.

Further, even if we receive FDA and other regulatory approvals
for a new indication or product, the product may later exhibit
adverse effects that limit or prevent its widespread use or that
force us to withdraw the product from the market or to revise
our labeling to limit the indications for which the product may
be prescribed. In addition, even if we receive the necessary
regulatory approvals, we cannot assure you that new

19

Table of Contents

products or indications will achieve market acceptance. Our
future performance will be affected by the market acceptance of
products such as
Lumigan
®,

Alphagan
®

P,
Combigan
tm
,

Restasis®
,

Acular
LS®
,

Zymar
®,

Botox®

and, if we consummate our acquisition of Inamed and, if approved
by the FDA,

Juvéderm®

and breast implant products, as well as FDA approval of new
indications for

Botox
®,
and new products such as our

Lumigan
®/
timolol
combination,

Posurdex
®
and memantine. We cannot assure you that these or any other
compounds or products that we are developing for
commercialization will be approved by the FDA for marketing or
that we will be able to commercialize them on terms that will be
profitable, or at all. If any of our products cannot be
successfully or timely commercialized, our operating results
could be materially adversely affected.

 Our product development efforts may not result in
 commercial products.

We intend to continue an aggressive research and development
program. Successful product development in the pharmaceutical
industry is highly uncertain, and very few research and
development projects produce a commercial product. Product
candidates that appear promising in the early phases of
development, such as in early human clinical trials, may fail to
reach the market for a number of reasons, such as:

• 

 the product candidate did not demonstrate acceptable clinical
 trial results even though it demonstrated positive preclinical
 trial results;

• 

 the product candidate was not effective in treating a specified
 condition or illness;

• 

 the product candidate had harmful side effects in humans or
 animals;

• 

 the necessary regulatory bodies, such as the FDA, did not
 approve the product candidate for an intended use;

• 

 the product candidate was not economical for us to manufacture
 and commercialize;

• 

 other companies or people have or may have proprietary rights to
 the product candidate, such as patent rights, and will not let
 us sell it on reasonable terms, or at all;

• 

 the product candidate is not cost effective in light of existing
 therapeutics; and

• 

 certain of our licensors or partners may fail to effectively
 conduct clinical development or clinical manufacturing
 activities.

Several of our product candidates have failed or been
discontinued at various stages in the product development
process, including, but not limited to, our oral formulation of
tazarotene for the treatment of moderate to very severe
psoriasis. Of course, there may be other factors that prevent us
from marketing a product. We cannot guarantee we will be able to
produce commercially successful products. Further, clinical
trial results are frequently susceptible to varying
interpretations by scientists, medical personnel, regulatory
personnel, statisticians, and others, which may delay, limit, or
prevent further clinical development or regulatory approvals of
a product candidate. Also, the length of time that it takes for
us to complete clinical trials and obtain regulatory approval
for product marketing has in the past varied by product and by
the intended use of a product. We expect that this will likely
be the case with future product candidates and we cannot predict
the length of time to complete necessary clinical trials and
obtain regulatory approval.

 If we are unable to obtain and maintain adequate
 protection for our intellectual property rights associated with
 the technologies incorporated into our products, our business
 and results of operations could suffer.

Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain patents or
rights to patents, protect trade secrets and other proprietary
technologies and processes, operate without infringing upon the
proprietary rights of others, and prevent others from infringing
on our patents, trademarks, service marks and other intellectual
property rights. Upon the expiration or loss of patent
protection for a product, we can lose a significant portion of
sales of that product in a very short period of time as other
companies manufacture generic forms of our previously protected
product at lower cost, without having had to incur significant
research and development costs in formulating the product.
Therefore, our future financial success may depend in part on
obtaining patent protection for technologies incorporated into
our products. We cannot assure you that such patents will be
issued, or that any existing or future patents will be of
commercial benefit. In addition, it is impossible to anticipate
the breadth or degree of protection that any such patents will
afford, and we cannot assure you that

20

Table of Contents

any such patents will not be successfully challenged in the
future. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining or preserving patent
protection, or if any of our products rely on unpatented
proprietary technology, we cannot assure you that others will
not commercialize products substantially identical to those
products. Generic drug manufacturers are currently challenging
the patents covering certain of our products and we expect that
they will continue to do so in the future.

We believe that the protection of our trademarks and service
marks is an important factor in product recognition and in our
ability to maintain or increase market share. If we do not
adequately protect our rights in our various trademarks and
service marks from infringement, their value to us could be lost
or diminished. If the marks we use are found to infringe upon
the trademark or service mark of another company, we could be
forced to stop using those marks and, as a result, we could lose
the value of those marks and could be liable for damages caused
by an infringement. In addition to intellectual property
protections afforded to trademarks, service marks and
proprietary know-how by the various countries in which our
proprietary products are sold, we seek to protect our
trademarks, service marks and proprietary know-how through
confidentiality agreements with third parties, including our
partners, customers, employees and consultants. It is possible
that these agreements will be breached or that they will not be
enforceable in every instance, and that we will not have
adequate remedies for any such breach. It is also possible that
our trade secrets will become known or independently developed
by our competitors.

Third parties may challenge, invalidate, or circumvent our
patents and patent applications relating to our products,
product candidates and technologies. Challenges may result in
potentially significant harm to our business. The cost of
responding to these challenges and the inherent costs to defend
the validity of our patents, including the prosecution of
infringements and the related litigation, could be substantial
and can preclude or delay commercialization of products. Such
litigation also could require a substantial commitment of our
management’s time. For certain of our product candidates,
third parties may have patents or pending patents that they
claim prevent us from commercializing certain product candidates
in certain territories. Our success depends in part on our
ability to obtain and defend patent rights and other
intellectual property rights that are important to the
commercialization of our products and product candidates. For
additional information on our material patents see
“Patents, Trademarks and Licenses” in Item 1 of Part I
of this report, “Business.”

 Importation of products from Canada and other countries
 into the United States may lower the prices we receive for our
 products.

In the United States, some of our products are subject to
competition from lower priced versions of our products and
competing products from Canada, Mexico and other countries where
government price controls or other market dynamics result in
lower prices. Our products that require a prescription in the
United States are often available to consumers in these markets
without a prescription, which may cause consumers to further
seek out our products in these lower priced markets. The ability
of patients and other customers to obtain these lower priced
imports has grown significantly as a result of the Internet, an
expansion of pharmacies in Canada and elsewhere targeted to
American purchasers, the increase in
U.S.-based businesses
affiliated with Canadian pharmacies marketing to American
purchasers, and other factors. These foreign imports are illegal
under current U.S. law, with the sole exception of limited
quantities of prescription drugs imported for personal use.
However, the volume of imports continues to rise due to the
limited enforcement resources of the FDA and the
U.S. Customs Service, and there is increased political
pressure to permit the imports as a mechanism for expanding
access to lower priced medicines.

In December 2003, Congress enacted the Medicare Prescription
Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003. This law
contains provisions that may change U.S. import laws and
expand consumers’ ability to import lower priced versions
of our products and competing products from Canada, where there
are government price controls. These changes to U.S. import
laws will not take effect unless and until the Secretary of
Health and Human Services certifies that the changes will lead
to substantial savings for consumers and will not create a
public health safety issue. The former Secretary of Health and
Human Services did not make such a certification. However, it is
possible that the current Secretary or a subsequent Secretary
could make the certification in the future. As directed by
Congress, a task force on drug importation

21

Table of Contents

recently conducted a comprehensive study regarding the
circumstances under which drug importation could be safely
conducted and the consequences of importation on the health,
medical costs and development of new medicines for
U.S. consumers. The task force issued its report in
December 2004, finding that there are significant safety and
economic issues that must be addressed before importation of
prescription drugs is permitted, and the current Secretary has
not yet announced any plans to make the required certification.
In addition, federal legislative proposals have been made to
implement the changes to the U.S. import laws without any
certification, and to broaden permissible imports in other ways.
Even if the changes to the U.S. import laws do not take
effect, and other changes are not enacted, imports from Canada
and elsewhere may continue to increase due to market and
political forces, and the limited enforcement resources of the
FDA, the U.S. Customs Service and other government
agencies. For example, state and local governments have
suggested that they may import drugs from Canada for employees
covered by state health plans or others, and some already have
implemented such plans.

The importation of foreign products adversely affects our
profitability in the United States. This impact could become
more significant in the future, and the impact could be even
greater if there is a further change in the law or if state or
local governments take further steps to import products from
abroad.

 Our business will continue to expose us to risks of
 environmental liabilities.

Our product development programs and manufacturing processes
involve the controlled use of hazardous materials, chemicals and
toxic compounds. These programs and processes expose us to risks
that an accidental contamination could lead to noncompliance
with environmental laws, regulatory enforcement actions and
claims for personal injury and property damage. If an accident
occurs, or if we discover contamination caused by prior
operations, including by prior owners and operators of