We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a
 number of risks. The following discussion highlights some of
 these risks and others are discussed elsewhere in this report.
 These and other risks could materially and adversely affect our
 business, financial condition, prospects, operating results or
 cash flows. The following risk factors are not an exhaustive
 list of the risks associated with our business. New factors may
 emerge or changes to these risks could occur that could
 materially affect our business.

 We
 operate in a highly competitive business.

 The pharmaceutical and medical device industries are highly
 competitive and they require an ongoing, extensive search for
 technological innovation. They also require, among other things,
 the ability to effectively discover, develop, test and obtain
 regulatory approvals for products, as well as the ability to
 effectively

 26

Table of Contents

 commercialize, market and promote approved products, including
 communicating the effectiveness, safety and value of products to
 actual and prospective customers and medical professionals.

 Many of our competitors have greater resources than we have.
 This enables them, among other things, to make greater research
 and development investments and spread their research and
 development costs, as well as their marketing and promotion
 costs, over a broader revenue base. Our competitors may also
 have more experience and expertise in obtaining marketing
 approvals from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or
 FDA, and other regulatory authorities. In addition to product
 development, testing, approval and promotion, other competitive
 factors in the pharmaceutical and medical device industries
 include industry consolidation, product quality and price,
 product technology, reputation, customer service and access to
 technical information.

 It is possible that developments by our competitors could make
 our products or technologies less competitive or obsolete. Our
 future growth depends, in part, on our ability to develop
 products which are more effective. For instance, for our eye
 care products to be successful, we must be able to manufacture
 and effectively market those products and effectively detail
 them to a sufficient number of eye care professionals such that
 they determine to use or continue to use our current products
 and the new products we may introduce. Glaucoma must be treated
 over an extended period and doctors may be reluctant to switch a
 patient to a new treatment if the patient’s current
 treatment for glaucoma remains effective. Sales of our existing
 products may decline rapidly if a new product is introduced by
 one of our competitors or if we announce a new product that, in
 either case, represents a substantial improvement over our
 existing products. Similarly, if we fail to make sufficient
 investments in research and development programs, our current
 and planned products could be surpassed by more effective or
 advanced products developed by our competitors.

 Until December 2000,
 Botox
®
 was the only neuromodulator approved by the FDA. At that time,
 the FDA approved

Myobloc
®,
 a neuromodulator formerly marketed by Elan Pharmaceuticals and
 now marketed by Solstice Neurosciences, Inc. Ipsen Ltd., or
 Ipsen, is seeking FDA approval of its

Dysport
®
 neuromodulator for certain therapeutic indications, and Medicis
 Pharmaceutical Corporation, or Medicis, its licensee for the
 United States, Canada and Japan, is seeking approval of

Reloxin
®
 for cosmetic indications. Ipsen and Medicis submitted a
 Biologics License Application, or BLA, to the FDA for

Reloxin
®
 in December 2007. Ipsen has marketed

Dysport
®
 in Europe since 1991, prior to our European commercialization of

Botox
®
 in 1992. In June 2006, Ipsen received marketing authorization
 for a cosmetic indication for

Dysport
®
 in Germany. In 2007, Ipsen granted Galderma, a joint venture
 between Nestle and L’Oreal Group, an exclusive development
 and marketing license for

Dysport
®
 for aesthetic indications in the European Union, Russia, Eastern
 Europe and the Middle East, and first rights of negotiation for
 other countries around the world, except the United States,
 Canada and Japan. In January 2008, Galderma became Ipsen’s
 sole distributor for

Dysport
®
 in Brazil, Argentina and Paraguay. Ipsen is also seeking
 approval for

Reloxin
®
 for cosmetic indications in the European Union, having submitted
 a file to the French regulatory authority in May 2003. We
 expect, based on comments made by Galderma, that

Reloxin
®
 will be approved in France in 2009.

 Mentor Corporation is conducting clinical trials for a competing
 neuromodulator in the United States. In addition, we are aware
 of competing neuromodulators currently being developed and
 commercialized in Asia, Europe, South America and other markets.
 A Chinese entity received approval to market a botulinum toxin
 in China in 1997, and we believe that it has launched or is
 planning to launch its botulinum toxin product in other lightly
 regulated markets in Asia, South America and Central America.
 These lightly regulated markets may not require adherence to the
 FDA’s current Good Manufacturing Practice, or cGMP,
 regulations or the regulatory requirements of the European
 Medical Evaluation Agency or other regulatory agencies in
 countries that are members of the Organization for Economic
 Cooperation and Development. Therefore, companies operating in
 these markets may be able to produce products at a lower cost
 than we can. In addition, Merz received approval for
 Xeomin
®
 in Germany and launched its product in July 2005, received
 approval in Mexico in 2006 and commenced sales in the United
 Kingdom and France in early 2008, and is pursuing additional
 approvals in the European Union and Latin America. Merz is
 currently in clinical trials in the United States for cervical
 dystonia, blepharospasm and cosmetic indications and is awaiting
 therapeutic licenses for

Xeomin
®
 in many countries across the European Union. A Korean botulinum
 toxin,

Meditoxin
®,
 was approved for sale in Korea in June 2006. The company,
 Medy-Tox Inc., received exportation approval from Korean
 authorities in early 2005 to ship their product under the trade
 name

Neuronox
®.
 In February 2007, Q-Med announced a worldwide license for

Neuronox
®,
 with the exception of certain

 27

Table of Contents

 countries in Asia where Medy-Tox may retain the marketing
 rights. Our sales of
 Botox
®
 could be materially and negatively impacted by this competition
 or competition from other companies that might obtain FDA
 approval or approval from other regulatory authorities to market
 a neuromodulator.

 Mentor Corporation is our principal competitor in the United
 States for breast implants. Mentor announced that, like us, it
 received FDA approval in November 2006 to sell its silicone
 breast implants. The conditions under which Mentor is allowed to
 market its silicone breast implants in the United States are
 similar to ours, including indications for use and the
 requirement to conduct post-marketing studies. If patients or
 physicians prefer Mentor’s breast implant products to ours
 or perceive that Mentor’s breast implant products are safer
 than ours, our sales of breast implants could materially suffer.
 We are aware of several companies conducting clinical studies of
 breast implant products in the United States. Internationally,
 we compete with several manufacturers, including Mentor
 Corporation, Sientra, Inc., MediCor Ltd, Poly Implant
 Prostheses, Nagor and Laboratoires Sebbin.

 Medicis Pharmaceutical Corporation began marketing the dermal
 fillers
 Restylane
®
 in January 2004 and

Perlane
tm

 in May 2007. Through our purchase of Cornéal, we acquired
 the rights to sell the

Juvéderm
tm

 family of products worldwide.

Juvéderm
tm

 30,

Juvéderm
tm

 Ultra and

Juvéderm
tm

 Ultra Plus were approved by the FDA for sale in the United
 States in June 2006, and we announced nationwide availability of

Juvéderm
tm

 Ultra and

Juvéderm
tm

 Ultra Plus in January 2007. We cannot assure you that our

Juvéderm
tm

 family of products will offer equivalent or greater facial
 aesthetic benefits to competitive dermal filler products, that
 it will be competitive in price or gain acceptance in the
 marketplace.

 In addition, in June 2007, the FDA approved label extensions for
 Juvederm
tm

 Ultra and

Juvederm
tm

 Ultra Plus based on new clinical data demonstrating that effects
 of both products may last for up to one year, which is a longer
 period of time than was reported in clinical studies that
 supported FDA approval of other hyaluronic acid dermal fillers.
 We cannot assure you that other dermal fillers, including
 hyaluronic acid dermal fillers, do not have or will not obtain
 labels or label extensions that demonstrate product effects that
 are equivalent to or better than our products. Should our
 competitors obtain such labels or label extensions demonstrating
 product effects that are equivalent to or better than our
 products, our sales of

Juvederm
tm

 could be materially and negatively impacted.

 In September 2007, Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc., a
 Johnson & Johnson company, announced FDA approval of
 its gastric band product, the
 Realize
tm

 band, which competes with our

Lap-Band
®
 System in the U.S. market. The

Lap-Band
®
 System also competes with surgical obesity procedures, including
 gastric bypass, vertical banded gastroplasty, sleeve gastrectomy
 and biliopancreatic diversion.

 Our products for the treatment of over-active-bladder, or OAB,
 Sanctura
®
 and 
Sanctura
 XR
tm
,
 compete with several other OAB treatment products, most of which
 have been on the market for a longer period of time, including
 Pfizer Inc.’s

Detrol
®
 and

Detrol
®

LA, Watson Pharma Inc.’s

Oxytrol
®,
 Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation and the Proctor &
 Gamble Company’s

Enablex
®
 and Astellas Pharma US, Inc. and GlaxoSmithKline’s

Vesicare
®.
 While we believe that

Sanctura
®
 and 
Sanctura
 XR
tm

 have advantages over these competing products, we cannot assure
 you that

Sanctura
®
 and 
Sanctura
 XR
tm

 offer more effective treatment of OAB for all patients, will be
 competitive in price or will obtain, maintain or expand market
 share in the OAB treatment market.

 We also face competition from generic drug manufacturers in the
 United States and internationally. For instance, Falcon
 Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., an affiliate of Alcon, attempted to
 obtain FDA approval for a brimonidine product to compete with
 our
 Alphagan
®

P product. Pursuant to our March 2006 settlement with
 Alcon, Alcon may sell, offer for sale or distribute its
 brimonidine product after September 30, 2009, or earlier if
 specified market conditions occur. The primary market condition
 will have occurred if the extent to which prescriptions of

Alphagan
®

P have been converted to other brimonidine-containing
 products we market has increased to a specified threshold. In
 May 2005, we received a paragraph 4 Hatch-Waxman Act
 certification from Apotex, Inc., in which it purports to have
 sought FDA approval to market a generic form of 
Acular
 LS
®
.
 In February 2007, we received a paragraph 4 Hatch-Waxman
 Act certification from Exela PharmSci, Inc. in which it purports
 to have sought FDA approval to market a generic form of

Alphagan
®

 P. In May 2007, we received a paragraph 4 Hatch-Waxman Act
 certification from Apotex, Inc. in which it purports to have
 sought FDA approval to market a generic form of

Alphagan
®

 P. In October 2007, we received a paragraph 4 Hatch-Waxman
 Act certification from Apotex Corp. in which it purports to have
 sought FDA approval to market a generic form of

Zymar
®
.
 See Item 3 of Part I of

 28

Table of Contents

 this report, “Legal Proceedings” and Note 13,
 “Commitments and Contingencies,” in the notes to the
 consolidated financial statements listed under Item 15 of
 Part IV of this report, “Exhibits and Financial
 Statement Schedules,” for information concerning our
 current litigation.

 Changes
 in the consumer marketplace and economic conditions may
 adversely affect sales or the profitability of our
 products.

 Facial aesthetic products, such as
 Botox
®
 Cosmetic and dermal fillers, obesity intervention products and,
 to a significant extent, breast implants, are products based on
 consumer choice. If we fail to anticipate, identify or react to
 competitive products or if consumer preferences in the cosmetic
 marketplace shift to alternative treatments, we may experience a
 decline in demand for these products. In addition, the popular
 media has at times in the past produced, and may continue in the
 future to produce, negative reports and publicity regarding the
 efficacy, safety or side effects of these products. Consumer
 perceptions of these products may be negatively impacted by
 these reports and for other reasons, including the use of
 unapproved botulinum toxins that result in injury, which may
 cause demand to decline.

 Breast augmentation,
 Botox
®
 Cosmetic and dermal fillers are elective aesthetic procedures
 and are not typically covered by insurance. Adverse changes in
 the economy may cause consumers to reassess their spending
 choices and reduce the demand for these procedures and our other
 over-the-counter products, and this shift could have an adverse
 effect on our sales and profitability.

 Reimbursement for obesity surgery, including use of our
 products, is available to various degrees in most of our
 international markets. In the United States, coverage and
 reimbursement by insurance plans are increasing, but not widely
 available to all insured patients. Adverse changes in the
 economy could have an adverse effect on consumer spending and
 governmental health care resources. This shift could have an
 adverse effect on the sales and profitability of our obesity
 intervention business.

 We
 could experience difficulties obtaining or creating the raw
 materials needed to produce our products and interruptions in
 the supply of raw materials could disrupt our manufacturing and
 cause our sales and profitability to decline.

 The loss of a material supplier or the interruption of our
 manufacturing processes could adversely affect our ability to
 manufacture or sell many of our products. We obtain the
 specialty chemicals that are the active pharmaceutical
 ingredients in certain of our products from single sources, who
 must maintain compliance with the FDA’s cGMP regulations.
 We also obtain
 Sanctura
®
 and 
Sanctura
 XR
tm

 under a manufacturing agreement with a sole source supplier. If
 we experience difficulties acquiring sufficient quantities of
 these materials or products from our existing suppliers, or if
 our suppliers are found to be non-compliant with the cGMPs,
 obtaining the required regulatory approvals, including from the
 FDA or the European Medical Evaluation Agency, or EMEA, to use
 alternative suppliers may be a lengthy and uncertain process. A
 lengthy interruption of the supply of one or more of these
 materials could adversely affect our ability to manufacture and
 supply products, which could cause our sales and profitability
 to decline. In addition, the manufacturing process to create the
 raw material necessary to produce

Botox
®
 is technically complex and requires significant lead-time. Any
 failure by us to forecast demand for, or to maintain an adequate
 supply of, the raw material and finished product could result in
 an interruption in the supply of

Botox
®
 and a resulting decrease in sales of the product.

 We also rely on a single supplier for silicone raw materials
 used in some of our products, including breast implants.
 Although we have an agreement with this supplier to transfer the
 necessary formulations to us in the event that it cannot meet
 our requirements, we cannot guarantee that we would be able to
 produce or obtain a sufficient amount of quality silicone raw
 materials in a timely manner. We depend on third party
 manufacturers for silicone molded components. These third party
 manufacturers must maintain compliance with the FDA’s
 Quality System Regulation, or QSR, which sets forth the current
 good manufacturing practice standard for medical devices and
 requires manufacturers to follow design, testing and control
 documentation and air quality assurance procedures during the
 manufacturing process. Any material reduction in our raw
 material supply or a failure by our third party manufacturers to
 maintain compliance with the QSR could result in decreased sales
 of our products and a decease in

 29

Table of Contents

 our revenues. Additionally, certain of our manufacturing
 processes that we perform are only performed at one location
 worldwide.

 Our
 future success depends upon our ability to develop new products,
 and new indications for existing products, that achieve
 regulatory approval for commercialization.

 For our business model to be successful, we must continually
 develop, test and manufacture new products or achieve new
 indications or label extensions for the use of our existing
 products. Prior to marketing, these new products and product
 indications must satisfy stringent regulatory standards and
 receive requisite approvals or clearances from regulatory
 authorities in the United States and abroad. The development,
 regulatory review and approval, and commercialization processes
 are time consuming, costly and subject to numerous factors that
 may delay or prevent the development, approval or clearance, and
 commercialization of new products, including legal actions
 brought by our competitors. To obtain approval or clearance of
 new indications or products in the United States, we must
 submit, among other information, the results of preclinical and
 clinical studies on the new indication or product candidate to
 the FDA. The number of preclinical and clinical studies that
 will be required for FDA approval varies depending on the new
 indication or product candidate, the disease or condition for
 which the new indication or product candidate is in development
 and the regulations applicable to that new indication or product
 candidate. Even if we believe that the data collected from
 clinical trials of new indications for our existing products or
 for our product candidates are promising, the FDA may find such
 data to be insufficient to support approval of the new
 indication or product. The FDA can delay, limit or deny approval
 or clearance of a new indication or product candidate for many
 reasons, including:

 • 

 a determination that the new indication or product candidate is
 not safe and effective;

 • 

 the FDA may interpret our preclinical and clinical data in
 different ways than we do;

 • 

 the FDA may not approve our manufacturing processes or
 facilities;

 • 

 the FDA may require us to perform post-marketing clinical
 studies; or

 • 

 the FDA may change its approval policies or adopt new
 regulations.

 Products that we are currently developing, other future product
 candidates or new indications or label extensions for our
 existing products, may or may not receive the regulatory
 approvals or clearances necessary for marketing or may receive
 such approvals or clearances only after delays or unanticipated
 costs. Delays or unanticipated costs in any part of the process
 or our inability to obtain timely regulatory approval for our
 products, including those attributable to, among other things,
 our failure to maintain manufacturing facilities in compliance
 with all applicable regulatory requirements, including the cGMPs
 and QSR, could cause our operating results to suffer and our
 stock price to decrease. Our facilities, our suppliers’
 facilities and other third parties’ facilities on which we
 rely must pass pre-approval reviews and plant inspections and
 demonstrate compliance with the cGMPs and QSR.

 Further, even if we receive FDA and other regulatory approvals
 for a new indication or product, the product may later exhibit
 adverse effects that limit or prevent its widespread use or that
 force us to withdraw the product from the market or to revise
 our labeling to limit the indications for which the product may
 be prescribed. In addition, even if we receive the necessary
 regulatory approvals, we cannot assure you that new products or
 indications will achieve market acceptance. Our future
 performance will be affected by the market acceptance of
 products such as Acular
 LS
®,

Alphagan
®

P,

Alphagan
®

P 0.1%,

Botox
®,

Botox
®
 Cosmetic
,
 Combigan
tm
,

Ganfort
®,

Juvéderm
tm
,
 the

Lap-Band
®
 System,

Lumigan
®,

Restasis
®,

Sanctura
®,

Sanctura
 XR
tm

 and

Zymar
®,
 as well as silicone breast implant products, new indications for

Botox
®
 and new products such as

Posurdex
®
 and

Trivaris
tm
.
 We cannot assure you that our currently marketed products will
 not be subject to further regulatory review and action or that
 any other compounds or products that we are developing for
 commercialization will be approved by the FDA or foreign
 regulatory bodies for marketing or that we will be able to
 commercialize them on terms that will be profitable, or at all.
 If any of our products cannot be successfully or timely
 commercialized, our operating results could be materially
 adversely affected.

 30

Table of Contents

 Our
 product development efforts may not result in commercial
 products.

 We intend to continue an aggressive research and development
 program. Successful product development in the pharmaceutical
 and medical device industry is highly uncertain, and very few
 research and development projects produce a commercial product.
 Product candidates that appear promising in the early phases of
 development, such as in early human clinical trials, may fail to
 reach the market for a number of reasons, such as:

 • 

 the product candidate did not demonstrate acceptable clinical
 trial results even though it demonstrated positive preclinical
 trial results;

 • 

 the product candidate was not effective in treating a specified
 condition or illness;

 • 

 the product candidate had harmful side effects in humans or
 animals;

 • 

 the necessary regulatory bodies, such as the FDA, did not
 approve the product candidate for an intended use;

 • 

 the product candidate was not economical for us to manufacture
 and commercialize;

 • 

 other companies or people have or may have proprietary rights to
 the product candidate, such as patent rights, and will not sell
 or license these rights to us on reasonable terms, or at all;

 • 

 the product candidate is not cost effective in light of existing
 therapeutics or alternative devices; and

 • 

 certain of our licensors or partners may fail to effectively
 conduct clinical development or clinical manufacturing
 activities.

 Several of our product candidates have failed or been
 discontinued at various stages in the product development
 process. Of course, there may be other factors that prevent us
 from marketing a product. We cannot guarantee we will be able to
 produce commercially successful products. Further, clinical
 trial results are frequently susceptible to varying
 interpretations by scientists, medical personnel, regulatory
 personnel, statisticians and others, which may delay, limit or
 prevent further clinical development or regulatory approvals of
 a product candidate. Also, the length of time that it takes for
 us to complete clinical trials and obtain regulatory approval
 for product marketing has in the past varied by product and by
 the intended use of a product. We expect that this will likely
 be the case with future product candidates and we cannot predict
 the length of time to complete necessary clinical trials and
 obtain regulatory approval.

 If we
 are unable to obtain and maintain adequate protection for our
 intellectual property rights associated with the technologies
 incorporated into our products, our business and results of
 operations could suffer.

 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain patents or
 rights to patents, protect trade secrets and other proprietary
 technologies and processes, and prevent others from infringing
 on our patents, trademarks, service marks and other intellectual
 property rights. Upon the expiration or loss of patent
 protection for a product, we can lose a significant portion of
 sales of that product in a very short period of time as other
 companies manufacture generic forms of our previously protected
 product or manufacture similar products or devices at lower
 cost, without having had to incur significant research and
 development costs in formulating the product or designing the
 device. Therefore, our future financial success may depend in
 part on obtaining patent protection for technologies
 incorporated into our products. We cannot assure you that such
 patents will be issued, or that any existing or future patents
 will be of commercial benefit. In addition, it is impossible to
 anticipate the breadth or degree of protection that any such
 patents will afford, and we cannot assure you that any such
 patents will not be successfully challenged in the future. If we
 are unsuccessful in obtaining or preserving patent protection,
 or if any of our products rely on unpatented proprietary
 technology, we cannot assure you that others will not
 commercialize products substantially identical to those
 products. Generic drug manufacturers are currently challenging
 the patents covering certain of our products, and we expect that
 they will continue to do so in the future.

 Third parties may challenge, invalidate or circumvent our
 patents and patent applications relating to our products,
 product candidates and technologies. Challenges may result in
 potentially significant harm to our business. The cost of
 responding to these challenges and the inherent costs to defend
 the validity of our patents, including the prosecution of
 infringements and the related litigation, could be substantial
 and can preclude or delay commercialization of products. Such
 litigation also could require a substantial commitment of our
 management’s time. For certain of our product candidates,
 third parties may have patents or pending patents that they
 claim prevent us from commercializing certain product candidates
 in certain territories. Our success depends in part on our
 ability

 31

Table of Contents

 to obtain and defend patent rights and other intellectual
 property rights that are important to the commercialization of
 our products and product candidates. For additional information
 on our material patents, see “Patents, Trademarks and
 Licenses” in Item 1 of Part I of this report,
 “Business.”

 We also believe that the protection of our trademarks and
 service marks is an important factor in product recognition and
 in our ability to maintain or increase market share. If we do
 not adequately protect our rights in our various trademarks and
 service marks from infringement, their value to us could be lost
 or diminished, seriously impairing our competitive position.
 Moreover, the laws of certain foreign countries do not protect
 our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws
 of the United States. In addition to intellectual property
 protections afforded to trademarks, service marks and
 proprietary know-how by the various countries in which our
 proprietary products are sold, we seek to protect our
 trademarks, service marks and proprietary know-how through
 confidentiality and proprietary information agreements with
 third parties, including our partners, customers, employees and
 consultants. These agreements may not provide meaningful
 protection or adequate remedies for violation of our rights in
 the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential
 information. It is possible that these agreements will be
 breached or that they will not be enforceable in every instance,
 and that we will not have adequate remedies for any such breach.
 It is also possible that our trade secrets will become known or
 independently developed by our competitors.

 We may
 be subject to intellectual property litigation and infringement
 claims, which could cause us to incur significant expenses and
 losses or prevent us from selling our products.

 We cannot assure you that our products will not infringe patents
 or other intellectual property rights held by third parties. In
 the event we discover that we may be infringing third party
 patents or other intellectual property rights, we may not be
 able to obtain licenses from those third parties on commercially
 attractive terms or at all. We may have to defend, and have
 defended, against charges that we violated patents or the
 proprietary rights of third parties. Litigation is costly and
 time-consuming, and diverts the attention of our management and
 technical personnel. In addition, if we infringe the
 intellectual property rights of others, we could lose our right
 to develop, manufacture or sell products or could be required to
 pay monetary damages or royalties to license proprietary rights
 from third parties. An adverse determination in a judicial or
 administrative proceeding or a failure to obtain necessary
 licenses could prevent us from manufacturing or selling our
 products, which could harm our business, financial condition,
 prospects, results of operations and cash flows. See Item 3
 of Part I of this report, “Legal Proceedings” and
 Note 13, “Commitments and Contingencies,” in the
 notes to the consolidated financial statements listed under
 Item 15 of Part IV of this report, “Exhibits and
 Financial Statement Schedules,” for information concerning
 our current intellectual property litigation.

 Importation
 of products from Canada and other countries into the United
 States and intra-European Union trade may lower the prices we
 receive for our products.

 In the United States, some of our pharmaceutical products are
 subject to competition from lower priced versions of those
 products and competing products from Canada, Mexico and other
 countries where government price controls or other market
 dynamics result in lower prices. Our products that require a
 prescription in the United States are often available to
 consumers in these other markets without a prescription, which
 may cause consumers to further seek out our products in these
 lower priced markets. The ability of patients and other
 customers to obtain these lower priced imports has grown
 significantly as a result of the Internet, an expansion of
 pharmacies in Canada and elsewhere targeted to American
 purchasers, the increase in
 U.S.-based
 businesses affiliated with Canadian pharmacies marketing to
 American purchasers and other factors. These foreign imports are
 illegal under current U.S. law, with the sole exception of
 limited quantities of prescription drugs imported for personal
 use. However, the volume of imports continues to rise due to the
 limited enforcement resources of the FDA and the
 U.S. Customs Service, and there is increased political
 pressure to permit the imports as a mechanism for expanding
 access to lower priced medicines.

 In December 2003, Congress enacted the Medicare Prescription
 Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003. This law
 contains provisions that may change U.S. import laws and
 expand consumers’ ability to import lower priced versions
 of our products and competing products from Canada, where there
 are government price controls. These changes to U.S. import
 laws will not take effect unless and until the Secretary of
 Health and Human

 32

Table of Contents

 Services certifies that the changes will lead to substantial
 savings for consumers and will not create a public health safety
 issue. The Secretary of Health and Human Services has not made
 such a certification. However, it is possible that the current
 Secretary or a subsequent Secretary could make such a
 certification in the future. As directed by Congress, a task
 force on drug importation conducted a comprehensive study
 regarding the circumstances under which drug importation could
 be safely conducted and the consequences of importation on the
 health, medical costs and development of new medicines for
 U.S. consumers. The task force issued its report in
 December 2004, finding that there are significant safety and
 economic issues that must be addressed before importation of
 prescription drugs is permitted. In addition, federal
 legislative proposals have been made to implement the changes to
 the U.S. import laws without any certification, and to
 broaden permissible imports in other ways. Even if the changes
 to the U.S. import laws do not take effect, and other
 changes are not enacted, imports from Canada and elsewhere may
 continue to increase due to market and political forces, and the
 limited enforcement resources of the FDA, the U.S. Customs
 Service and other government agencies. For example, Public Law
 Number
 109-295,
 which was signed into law in October 2006 and provides
 appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the
 2007 fiscal year, expressly prohibits the U.S. Customs
 Services from using funds to prevent individuals from importing
 from Canada less than a

90-day
 supply of a prescription drug for personal use, when the drug
 otherwise complies with the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act.
 In addition, certain state and local governments have
 implemented importation schemes for their citizens and, in the
 absence of federal action to curtail such activities, other
 states and local governments may also launch importation efforts.

 The importation of foreign products adversely affects our
 profitability in the United States. This impact could become
 more significant in the future, and the impact could be even
 greater if there is a further change in the law or if state or
 local governments take further steps to import products from
 abroad.

 Our
 ownership of real property and the operation of our business
 will continue to expose us to risks of environmental
 liabilities.

 Under various U.S. federal, state and local environmental
 laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or
 operator of real property may be liable for the cost of removal
 or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in
 such property. Such laws often impose liability whether or not
 the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the
 presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. Environmental
 laws also may impose restrictions on the manner in which
 property may be used or the businesses that may be operated, and
 these restrictions may require expenditures. Environmental laws
 provide for sanctions in the event of noncompliance and may be
 enforced by governmental agencies or, in certain circumstances,
 by private parties. In connection with the acquisition and
 ownership of our properties, we may be potentially liable for
 such costs. The cost of defending against claims of liability,
 complying with environmental regulatory requirements or
 remediating any contaminated property could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, assets or results of operations.
 Any costs or expenses relating to environmental matters may not
 be covered by insurance.

 Our product development programs and manufacturing processes
 involve the controlled use of hazardous materials, chemicals and
 toxic compounds. These programs and processes expose us to risks
 that an accidental contamination could lead to noncompliance
 with environmental laws, regulatory enforcement actions and
 claims for personal injury and property damage. If an accident
 or environmental discharge occurs, or if we discover
 contamination caused by prior operations, including by prior
 owners and operators of properties we acquire, we could be
 liable for cleanup obligations, damages and fines. The
 substantial unexpected costs we may incur could have a
 significant and adverse effect on our business and results of
 operations.

 We may
 experience losses due to product liability claims, product
 recalls or corrections.

 The design, development, manufacture and sale of our products
 involve an inherent risk of product liability or other claims by
 consumers and other third parties. We have in the past been, and
 continue to be, subject to various product liability claims and
 lawsuits. In addition, we have in the past and may in the future
 recall or issue field corrections related to our products due to
 manufacturing deficiencies, labeling errors or other safety or
 regulatory reasons. We cannot assure you that we will not in the
 future experience material losses due to product liability
 claims, lawsuits, product recalls or corrections.

 33

Table of Contents

 As part of the Inamed acquisition, we assumed Inamed’s
 product liability risks, including any product liability for its
 past and present manufacturing of breast implant products. The
 manufacture and sale of breast implant products has been and
 continues to be the subject of a significant number of product
 liability claims due to allegations that the medical devices
 cause disease or result in complications and other health
 conditions due to rupture, deflation or other product failure.
 See Item 3 of Part I of this report, “Legal
 Proceedings” and Note 13, “Commitments and
 Contingencies,” in the notes to the consolidated financial
 statements listed under Item 15 of Part IV of this
 report, “Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules,”
 for information concerning our current products liability
 litigation. Historically, other breast implant manufacturers
 that suffered such claims in the 1990’s were forced to
 cease operations or even to declare bankruptcy.

 Additionally, recent FDA marketing approval for our silicone
 breast implants requires that:

 • 

 we monitor patients in our core study out to 10 years if
 there has been explantation without replacement;

 • 

 patients in the core study receive magnetic resonance imaging
 tests, or MRIs, at seven and nine years;

 • 

 we conduct a large,
 10-year
 postapproval study; and

 • 

 we conduct additional smaller studies, including a study aimed
 at ensuring patients are adequately informed about the risks of
 our silicone breast implants and that the format and content of
 patient labeling is adequate.

 We are seeking marketing approval for other silicone breast
 implants in the United States, and if we obtain this approval,
 it may similarly be subject to significant restrictions and
 requirements, including the need for a patient registry, follow
 up MRIs and substantial Phase IV clinical trial commitments.

 We also face a substantial risk of product liability claims from
 our eye care, neuromodulator, urology, skin care, obesity
 intervention and facial aesthetics products. Additionally, our
 pharmaceutical and medical device products may cause, or may
 appear to cause, serious adverse side effects or potentially
 dangerous drug interactions if misused, improperly prescribed,
 improperly implanted or based on faulty surgical technique. We
 are subject to adverse event reporting regulations that require
 us to report to the FDA or similar bodies in other countries if
 our products are associated with a death or serious injury.
 These adverse events, among others, could result in additional
 regulatory controls, such as the performance of costly
 post-approval clinical studies or revisions to our approved
 labeling, which could limit the indications or patient
 population for our products or could even lead to the withdrawal
 of a product from the market. Furthermore, any adverse publicity
 associated with such an event could cause consumers to seek
 alternatives to our products, which may cause our sales to
 decline, even if our products are ultimately determined not to
 have been the primary cause of the event.

 Negative
 publicity concerning the safety of our products may harm our
 sales, force us to withdraw products and cause a decline in our
 stock price.

 Physicians and potential and existing patients may have a number
 of concerns about the safety of our products, including
 Botox
®,
 breast implants, eye care pharmaceuticals, urology
 pharmaceuticals, skin care products, obesity intervention
 products and facial dermal fillers, whether or not such concerns
 have a basis in generally accepted science or peer-reviewed
 scientific research. Negative publicity — whether
 accurate or inaccurate — about our products, based on,
 for example, news about

Botox
®,
 breast implant litigation or regulatory activities and
 developments, whether involving us or a competitor, or new
 government regulation, could materially reduce market acceptance
 of our products and could result in product withdrawals. For
 example, recent activities by an advocacy group requesting
 labeling changes for botulinum toxins marketed in the United
 States resulted in significant adverse media attention.
 Significant negative publicity could result in an increased
 number of product liability claims, whether or not these claims
 have a basis in scientific fact. Furthermore, adverse publicity
 associated with such an event could cause our stock price to
 decline or consumers to seek alternatives to our products, which
 may cause our sales to decline, and could lead to a further
 decline in our stock price, even if our products are ultimately
 determined not to have been the primary cause of the event.

 Health
 care initiatives and other third-party payor cost-containment
 pressures could cause us to sell our products at lower prices,
 resulting in decreased revenues.

 Some of our products are purchased or reimbursed by state and
 federal government authorities, private health insurers and
 other organizations, such as health maintenance organizations,
 or HMOs, and managed care

 34

Table of Contents

 organizations, or MCOs. Third-party payors increasingly
 challenge pharmaceutical and other medical device product
 pricing. There also continues to be a trend toward managed
 healthcare in the United States. Pricing pressures by
 third-party payors and the growth of organizations such as HMOs
 and MCOs could result in lower prices
 and/or a
 reduction in demand for our products.

 In addition, legislative and regulatory proposals and enactments
 to reform healthcare and government insurance programs,
 including the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and
 Modernization Act of 2003, or MMA, the Deficit Reduction Act of
 2005, or DRA, and the hospital outpatient prospective payment
 system, or HOPPS, could significantly influence the manner in
 which pharmaceutical products and medical devices are prescribed
 and purchased. For example, effective January 1, 2006, the
 MMA established a new Medicare outpatient prescription drug
 benefit under Part D. The MMA also established a
 competitive acquisition program, or CAP, in which physicians who
 administer drugs in their offices are offered an option to
 acquire drugs covered under the Medicare Part B benefit
 from vendors who are selected in a competitive bidding process.
 Implementation of the CAP began in July 2006. Further, the DRA
 requires the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS,
 the federal agency that both administers the Medicare program
 and administers and overseas the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program,
 to amend certain formulas used to calculate pharmacy
 reimbursement and rebates under Medicaid. In July 2007, CMS
 issued a final rule that, among other things, clarifies and
 changes how drug manufacturers must calculate and report key
 pricing data under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. This data
 is used by CMS and state Medicaid agencies to calculate rebates
 owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and
 to calculate the federal upper limits on cost-sharing for
 certain prescription drugs. In December 2007, following a
 judicial challenge brought by a national association of
 pharmacies, a federal judge ordered an injunction that prevents
 CMS from implementing its July rule. If CMS is ultimately
 permitted to implement its rule, changes could lead to reduced
 payments to pharmacies for certain pharmaceutical products. In
 addition and effective January 1, 2008, Medicare reduced
 reimbursement for separately payable physician-administered
 drugs under HOPPS, and may continue to reduce reimbursement in
 the future. These or other reimbursement reductions may make it
 financially impractical for hospitals to offer treatment, which
 could negatively affect our ability to sell our products in the
 hospital market. These and other cost containment measures and
 healthcare reforms could adversely affect our ability to sell
 our products.

 Furthermore, individual states have become increasingly
 aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations
 designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including
 price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts,
 restrictions on certain product access, and to encourage
 importation from other countries and bulk purchasing.
 Legally-mandated price controls on payment amounts by
 third-party payors or other restrictions could negatively and
 materially impact our revenues and financial condition. We
 encounter similar regulatory and legislative issues in most
 countries outside the United States.

 We expect there will continue to be federal and state laws
 and/or
 regulations, proposed and implemented, that could limit the
 amounts that foreign, federal and state governments will pay for
 health care products and services. The extent to which future
 legislation or regulations, if any, relating to the health care
 industry or third-party coverage and reimbursement may be
 enacted or what effect such legislation or regulation would have
 on our business remains uncertain. Such measures or other health
 care system reforms that are adopted could have a material
 adverse effect on our ability to successfully commercialize our
 products or could limit or eliminate our spending on development
 projects and affect our ultimate profitability.

 In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual
 hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine
 what pharmaceutical and medical device products and which
 suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other
 health care programs. This can reduce demand for our products or
 put pressure on our product pricing, which could negatively
 affect our revenues and profitability.

 Our ability to sell our products to United States hospitals
 depends in part on our relationships with group purchasing
 organizations, or GPOs. Many existing and potential customers
 for our products become members of GPOs. GPOs negotiate pricing
 arrangements and contracts, sometimes exclusive, with medical
 supply manufacturers and distributors, and these negotiated
 prices are made available to a GPO’s affiliated hospitals
 and other members. If we are not one of the providers selected
 by a GPO, affiliated hospitals and other members may be less
 likely to purchase our products, and if the GPO has negotiated a
 strict sole source, market share

 35

Table of Contents

 compliance or bundling contract for another manufacturer’s
 products, we may be precluded from making sales to members of
 the GPO for the duration of the contractual arrangement. Our
 failure to renew contracts with GPOs may cause us to lose market
 share and could have a material adverse effect on our sales,
 financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure
 you that we will be able to renew these contracts at the current
 or substantially similar terms. If we are unable to keep our
 relationships and develop new relationships with GPOs, our
 competitive position would likely suffer.

 We are
 subject to risks arising from currency exchange rates, which
 could increase our costs and may cause our profitability to
 decline.

 We collect and pay a substantial portion of our sales and
 expenditures in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.
 Therefore, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates
 affect our operating results. We cannot assure you that future
 exchange rate movements, inflation or other related factors will
 not have a material adverse effect on our sales or operating
 expenses.

 We are
 subject to risks associated with doing business
 internationally.

 Our business is subject to certain risks inherent in
 international business, many of which are beyond our control.
 These risks include, among other things:

 • 

 adverse changes in tariff and trade protection measures;

 • 

 reductions in the reimbursement amounts we receive for our
 products from foreign governments and foreign insurance
 providers;

 • 

 unexpected changes in foreign regulatory requirements, including
 quality standards and other certification requirements;

 • 

 potentially negative consequences from changes in or
 interpretations of tax laws;

 • 

 differing labor regulations;

 • 

 changing economic conditions in countries where our products are
 sold or manufactured or in other countries;

 • 

 differing local product preferences and product requirements;

 • 

 exchange rate risks;

 • 

 restrictions on the repatriation of funds;

 • 

 political unrest and hostilities;

 • 

 product liability, intellectual property and other claims;

 • 

 new export license requirements;

 • 

 differing degrees of protection for intellectual
 property; and

 • 

 difficulties in coordinating and managing foreign operations,
 including ensuring that foreign operations comply with foreign
 laws as well as U.S. laws applicable to U.S. companies
 with foreign operations, such as export laws and the Foreign
 Corrupt Practices Act.

 Any of these factors, or any other international factors, could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that
 we can successfully manage these risks or avoid their effects.

 The
 consolidation of drug wholesalers and other wholesaler actions
 could increase competitive and pricing pressures on
 pharmaceutical manufacturers, including us.

 We sell our pharmaceutical products primarily through
 wholesalers. These wholesale customers comprise a significant
 part of the distribution network for pharmaceutical products in
 the United States. This distribution network is continuing to
 undergo significant consolidation. As a result, a smaller number
 of large wholesale distributors control a significant share of
 the market. We expect that consolidation of drug wholesalers
 will increase competitive and pricing pressures on
 pharmaceutical manufacturers, including us. In addition,
 wholesalers may apply pricing pressure through
 fee-for-service
 arrangements, and their purchases may exceed customer demand,
 resulting in reduced wholesaler purchases in later quarters. We
 cannot assure you that we can manage these pressures or that
 wholesaler purchases will not decrease as a result of this
 potential excess buying.

 36

Table of Contents

 Our
 failure to attract and retain key managerial, technical, selling
 and marketing personnel could adversely affect our
 business.

 Our success depends upon our retention of key managerial,
 technical, selling and marketing personnel. The loss of the
 services of key personnel might significantly delay or prevent
 the achievement of our development and strategic objectives.

 We must continue to attract, train and retain managerial,
 technical, selling and marketing personnel. Competition for such
 highly skilled employees in our industry is high, and we cannot
 be certain that we will be successful in recruiting or retaining
 such personnel. We also believe that our success depends to a
 significant extent on the ability of our key personnel to
 operate effectively, both individually and as a group. If we are
 unable to identify, hire and integrate new employees in a timely
 and cost-effective manner, our operating results may suffer.

 We may
 acquire companies in the future and these acquisitions could
 disrupt our business.

 As part of our business strategy, we regularly consider and, as
 appropriate, make acquisitions of technologies, products and
 businesses that we believe are complementary to our business.
 Acquisitions typically entail many risks and could result in
 difficulties in integrating the operations, personnel,
 technologies and products of the companies acquired, some of
 which may result in significant charges to earnings. If we are
 unable to successfully integrate our acquisitions with our
 existing business, we may not obtain the advantages that the
 acquisitions were intended to create, which may materially
 adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial
 condition and cash flows, our ability to develop and introduce
 new products and the market price of our stock. In connection
 with acquisitions, we could experience disruption in our
 business or employee base, or key employees of companies that we
 acquire may seek employment elsewhere, including with our
 competitors. Furthermore, the products of companies we acquire
 may overlap with our products or those of our customers,
 creating conflicts with existing relationships or with other
 commitments that are detrimental to the integrated businesses.

 Uncertainties
 exist in integrating the business and operations of Inamed,
 Cornéal and Esprit into our own.

 We are currently integrating certain of Inamed’s,
 Cornéal’s and Esprit’s functions and operations
 into our own, although there can be no assurance that we will be
 successful in this endeavor. There are inherent challenges in
 integrating the operations that could result in a delay or the
 failure to achieve the anticipated synergies and, therefore, any
 potential cost savings and increases in earnings. Issues that
 must be addressed in integrating the operations of Inamed,
 Cornéal and Esprit into our own include, among other things:

 • 

 conforming standards, controls, procedures and policies,
 business cultures and compensation structures between the
 companies;

 • 

 conforming information technology and accounting systems;

 • 

 consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures;

 • 

 consolidating sales and marketing operations;

 • 

 retaining existing customers and attracting new customers;

 • 

 retaining key employees;

 • 

 identifying and eliminating redundant and underperforming
 operations and assets;

 • 

 minimizing the diversion of management’s attention from
 ongoing business concerns;

 • 

 coordinating geographically dispersed organizations;

 • 

 managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating
 the operations of the combined company; and

 • 

 making any necessary modifications to operating control
 standards to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the
 rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

 If we are not able to adequately address these challenges, we
 may not realize the anticipated benefits of the integration of
 the companies. Actual cost and sales synergies, if achieved at
 all, may be lower than we expect and may take longer to achieve
 than we anticipate.

 37

Table of Contents

 Compliance
 with the extensive government regulations to which we are
 subject is expensive and time consuming, and may result in the
 delay or cancellation of product sales, introductions or
 modifications.

 Extensive industry regulation has had, and will continue to
 have, a significant impact on our business, especially our
 product development and manufacturing capabilities. All
 companies that manufacture, market and distribute
 pharmaceuticals and medical devices, including us, are subject
 to extensive, complex, costly and evolving regulation by federal
 governmental authorities, principally by the FDA and the
 U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, or DEA, and similar
 foreign and state government agencies. Failure to comply with
 the regulatory requirements of the FDA, DEA and other
 U.S. and foreign regulatory agencies may subject a company
 to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions, including,
 among others, a refusal to approve a pending application to
 market a new product or a new indication for an existing
 product. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the
 Controlled Substances Act and other domestic and foreign
 statutes and regulations govern or influence the research,
 testing, manufacturing, packing, labeling, storing, record
 keeping, safety, effectiveness, approval, advertising,
 promotion, sale and distribution of our products. Under certain
 of these regulations, we are subject to periodic inspection of
 our facilities, production processes and control operations
 and/or the
 testing of our products by the FDA, the DEA and other
 authorities, to confirm that we are in compliance with all
 applicable regulations, including FDA cGMP regulations with
 respect to drug and biologic products and the QSR with respect
 to medical device products. The FDA conducts pre-approval and
 post-approval reviews and plant inspections of us and our direct
 and indirect suppliers to determine whether our record keeping,
 production processes and controls, personnel and quality control
 are in compliance with the cGMPs, the QSR and other FDA
 regulations. We are also required to perform extensive audits of
 our vendors, contract laboratories and suppliers to ensure that
 they are compliant with these requirements. In addition, in
 order to commercialize our products or new indications for an
 existing product, we must demonstrate that the product or new
 indication is safe and effective, and that our and our
 suppliers’ manufacturing facilities are compliant with
 applicable regulations, to the satisfaction of the FDA and other
 regulatory agencies.

 The process for obtaining governmental approval to manufacture
 and to commercialize pharmaceutical and medical device products
 is rigorous, typically takes many years and is costly, and we
 cannot predict the extent to which we may be affected by
 legislative and regulatory developments. We are dependent on
 receiving FDA and other governmental approvals prior to
 manufacturing, marketing and distributing our products. We may
 fail to obtain approval from the FDA or other governmental
 authorities for our product candidates, or we may experience
 delays in obtaining such approvals, due to varying
 interpretations of data or our failure to satisfy rigorous
 efficacy, safety and manufacturing quality standards.
 Consequently, there is always a risk that the FDA or other
 applicable governmental authorities will not approve our
 products, or will take post-approval action limiting or revoking
 our ability to sell our products, or that the rate, timing and
 cost of such approvals will adversely affect our product
 introduction plans, results of operations and stock price.
 Despite the time and expense exerted, regulatory approval is
 never guaranteed.

 Even after we obtain regulatory approval or clearance for a
 product candidate or new indication, we are subject to extensive
 regulation, including ongoing compliance with the FDA’s
 cGMP and QSR regulations, completion of post-marketing clinical
 studies mandated by the FDA, and compliance with regulations
 relating to labeling, advertising, marketing and promotion. In
 addition, we are subject to adverse event reporting regulations
 that require us to report to the FDA if our products are
 associated with a death or serious injury. If we or any third
 party that we involve in the testing, packing, manufacture,
 labeling, marketing and distribution of our products fail to
 comply with any such regulations, we may be subject to, among
 other things, warning letters, product seizures, recalls, fines
 or other civil penalties, injunctions, suspension or revocation
 of approvals, operating restrictions
 and/or
 criminal prosecution. The FDA recently has increased its
 enforcement activities related to the advertising and promotion
 of pharmaceutical, biological and medical device products. In
 particular, the FDA has expressed concern regarding the
 pharmaceutical and medical device industry’s compliance
 with the agency’s regulations and guidance governing

direct-to-consumer
 advertising, and has increased its scrutiny of such promotional
 materials. For example, we received a warning letter from the
 FDA in May 2007 stating that we submitted a false and misleading
 journal advertisement for 
Acular
 LS
®.
 The FDA may limit or, with respect to certain products,
 terminate our dissemination of

direct-to-consumer
 advertisements in the future, which could cause sales of those
 products to decline. Physicians

 38

Table of Contents

 may prescribe pharmaceutical and biologic products, and utilize
 medical device products for uses that are not described in a
 product’s labeling or differ from those tested by us and
 approved by the FDA. While such “off-label” uses are
 common and the FDA does not regulate a physician’s choice
 of treatment, the FDA does restrict a manufacturer’s
 communications on the subject of off-label use. Companies cannot
 actively promote FDA-approved pharmaceutical, biologic or
 medical device products for off-label uses, but they may
 disseminate to physicians articles published in peer-reviewed
 journals. To the extent allowed by law, we disseminate
 peer-reviewed articles on our products to targeted physicians.
 If, however, our promotional activities fail to comply with the
 FDA’s or another regulatory body’s regulations or
 guidelines, we may be subject to warnings from, or enforcement
 action by, the FDA or another enforcement agency.

 From time to time, legislative or regulatory proposals are
 introduced that could alter the review and approval process
 relating to our products. It is possible that the FDA or other
 governmental authorities will issue additional regulations
 further restricting the sale of our present or proposed
 products. Any change in legislation or regulations that govern
 the review and approval process relating to our current and
 future products could make it more difficult and costly to
 obtain approval for new products, or to produce, market and
 distribute existing products.

 If we
 market products in a manner that violates health care fraud and
 abuse laws, we may be subject to civil or criminal
 penalties.

 The Federal health care program Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits,
 among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying,
 soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce or in return for
 purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase,
 lease or order of any health care item or service reimbursable
 under Medicare, Medicaid or other federally financed health care
 programs. This statute has been interpreted to apply to
 arrangements between pharmaceutical or medical device
 manufacturers, on the one hand, and prescribers, purchasers and
 formulary managers, on the other hand. Although there are a
 number of statutory exemptions and regulatory safe harbors
 protecting certain common activities from prosecution, the
 exemptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices
 that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing,
 purchases or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they
 do not qualify for an exemption or safe harbor.

 Federal false claims laws prohibit any person from knowingly
 presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for
 payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, or
 causing to be made, a false statement to get a false claim paid.
 Pharmaceutical companies have been prosecuted under these laws
 for a variety of alleged promotional and marketing activities,
 such as allegedly providing free product to customers with the
 expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for
 the product; reporting to pricing services inflated average
 wholesale prices that were then used by federal programs to set
 reimbursement rates; engaging in off-label promotion that caused
 claims to be submitted to Medicaid for non-covered off-label
 uses; and submitting inflated best price information to the
 Medicaid Rebate Program.

 HIPAA created two new federal crimes:  health care
 fraud, and false statements relating to health care matters. The
 health care fraud statute prohibits knowingly and willfully
 executing a scheme to defraud any health care benefit program,
 including private payors. The false statements statute prohibits
 knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a
 material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or
 fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or
 payment for health care benefits, items or services.

 The majority of states also have statutes or regulations similar
 to these federal laws, which apply to items and services
 reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in
 several states, apply regardless of the payor. In addition, some
 states have laws that require pharmaceutical companies to adopt
 comprehensive compliance programs. For example, under California
 law, pharmaceutical companies must comply with both the April
 2003 Office of Inspector General Compliance Program Guidance for
 Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and the July 2002 PhRMA Code on
 Interactions with Healthcare Professionals. We have adopted and
 implemented a compliance program which we believe satisfies the
 requirements of these laws.

 Sanctions under these federal and state laws may include civil
 monetary penalties, exclusion of a manufacturer’s products
 from reimbursement under government programs, criminal fines and
 imprisonment. Because of the breadth of these laws and the
 narrowness of the safe harbors, it is possible that some of our
 business activities could be subject to challenge under one or
 more of such laws. For example, we and several other

 39

Table of Contents

 pharmaceutical companies are currently subject to suits by
 governmental entities in several jurisdictions, including Erie,
 Oswego and Schenectady Counties in New York and in Alabama
 alleging that we and these other companies, through promotional,
 discounting and pricing practices, reported false and inflated
 average wholesale prices or wholesale acquisition costs and
 failed to report best prices as required by federal and state
 rebate statutes, resulting in the plaintiffs overpaying for
 certain medications. If our past or present operations are found
 to be in violation of any of the laws described above or other
 similar governmental regulations to which we are subject, we may
 be subject to the applicable penalty associated with the
 violation which could adversely affect our ability to operate
 our business and our financial results.

 We
 could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign
 Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery
 laws.

 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar
 anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit
 companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments
 to
 non-U.S. government
 officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business.
 Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We
 operate in many parts of the world that have experienced
 governmental corruption to some degree and in certain
 circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may
 conflict with local customs and practices. We cannot assure you
 that our internal control policies and procedures always will
 protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our
 employees or agents. These laws are complex and often difficult
 to interpret and apply, and we may be required in the future to
 alter our practices to be in compliance. Allegations that we
 have violated these laws could disrupt our business and subject
 us to criminal or civil enforcement actions. Violations are
 punishable by severe criminal penalties, including fines or
 imprisonment. In addition, violations may result in civil
 penalties, including fines, loss of our export licenses,
 suspension of our ability to do business with the federal
 government, denial of government reimbursement for our products
 and exclusion from participation in government healthcare
 programs. These penalties could have a material adverse effect
 on our business.

 If our
 collaborative partners do not perform, we will be unable to
 develop and market products as anticipated.

 We have entered into collaborative arrangements with third
 parties to develop and market certain products, including our
 arrangement with GlaxoSmithKline to market
 Botox
®
 in Japan and China and certain other products in the United
 States, our arrangement with Indevus to market 
Sanctura
 XR
tm

 in the United States, our co-promotion agreement with Covidien
 to promote the

Lap-Band
®
 System in the United States, our agreement with Clinique to
 develop, market and distribute a new physician dispensed skin
 care line for sale in the United States and our agreement with
 Stiefel to co-promote our current

Tazorac
®
 products to dermatologists and pediatricians and to develop and
 commercialize new products that include tazarotene. We cannot
 assure you that these collaborations will be successful, lead to
 additional sales of our products or lead to the creation of
 additional products. If we fail to maintain our existing
 collaborative arrangements or fail to enter into additional
 collaborative arrangements, our licensing revenues

and/or the
 number of products from which we could receive future revenues
 could decline.

 Our dependence on collaborative arrangements with third parties
 subjects us to a number of risks. These collaborative
 arrangements may not be on terms favorable to us. Agreements
 with collaborative partners typically allow partners significant
 discretion in marketing our products or electing whether or not
 to pursue any of the planned activities. We cannot fully control
 the amount and timing of resources our collaborative partners
 may devote to products based on the collaboration, and our
 partners may choose to pursue alternative products to the
 detriment of our collaboration. In addition, our partners may
 not perform their obligations as expected. Business
 combinations, significant changes in a collaborative
 partner’s business strategy, or its access to financial
 resources may adversely affect a partner’s willingness or
 ability to complete its obligations. Moreover, we could become
 involved in disputes with our partners, which could lead to
 delays or termination of the collaborations and time-consuming
 and expensive litigation or arbitration. Even if we fulfill our
 obligations under a collaborative agreement, our partner can
 terminate the agreement under certain circumstances. If any
 collaborative partners were to terminate or breach our
 agreements with them, or otherwise fail to complete their
 obligations in a timely manner, we could be materially and
 adversely affected.

 40

Table of Contents

 Unanticipated
 changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional income tax
 liabilities could affect our profitability.

 We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and
 numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be
 adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings in
 countries with different statutory tax rates, changes in the
 valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in or
 interpretations of tax laws, including pending tax law changes,
 changes in our manufacturing activities and changes in our
 future levels of research and development spending. In addition,
 we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax
 returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other state and
 foreign tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of
 outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the
 adequacy of our estimated income tax liabilities. There can be
 no assurance that the outcomes from these continuous
 examinations will not have an adverse effect on our provision
 for income taxes and estimated income tax liabilities.

 Changes in applicable tax laws may adversely affect sales or the
 profitability of
 Botox
®,

Botox
®
 Cosmetic, our dermal fillers or breast implants. Because

Botox
®
 and

Botox
®
 Cosmetic are pharmaceutical products, we generally do not
 collect or pay state sales or other tax on sales of

Botox
®
 or

Botox
®
 Cosmetic. We could be required to collect and pay state sales or
 other tax associated with prior, current or future years on
 sales of

Botox
®
 or

Botox
®
 Cosmetic, our dermal fillers or breast implants. In addition to
 any retroactive taxes and corresponding interest and penalties
 that could be assessed, if we were required to collect or pay
 state sales or other tax associated with current or future years
 on sales of

Botox
®,

Botox
®
 Cosmetic, our dermal fillers or breast implants, our sales of,
 or our profitability from,

Botox
®,

Botox
®
 Cosmetic, our dermal fillers or breast implants could be
 adversely affected due to the increased cost associated with
 those products.

 The
 terms of our debt agreements impose many restrictions on us.
 Failure to comply with these restrictions could result in
 acceleration of our substantial debt. Were this to occur, we
 might not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient cash to pay our
 accelerated indebtedness.

 Our total indebtedness as of December 31, 2007 was
 approximately $1,629.9 million. This indebtedness may limit
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our
 business and the industry in which it operates and,
 consequently, place us at a competitive disadvantage to our
 competitors. The operating and financial restrictions and
 covenants in our debt agreements may adversely affect our
 ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to
 engage in new business activities. For example, our debt
 agreements restrict our ability to, among other things:

 • 

 incur liens or engage in sale lease-back
 transactions; and

 • 

 engage in consolidations, mergers and asset sales.

 In addition, our debt agreements include financial covenants
 that we maintain certain financial ratios. As a result of these
 covenants and ratios, we have certain limitations on the manner
 in which we can conduct our business, and we may be restricted
 from engaging in favorable business activities or financing
 future operations or capital needs. Accordingly, these
 restrictions may limit our ability to successfully operate our
 business. Failure to comply with the financial covenants or to
 maintain the financial ratios contained in our debt agreements
 could result in an event of default that could trigger
 acceleration of our indebtedness. We cannot assure you that our
 future operating results will be sufficient to ensure compliance
 with the covenants in our debt agreements or to remedy any such
 default. In addition, in the event of any default and related
 acceleration of obligations, we may not have or be able to
 obtain sufficient funds to make any accelerated payments.

 Litigation
 may harm our business or otherwise distract our
 management.

 Substantial, complex or extended litigation could cause us to
 incur large expenditures and distract our management. For
 example, lawsuits by employees, stockholders, customers or
 competitors could be very costly and substantially disrupt our
 business. Disputes from time to time with such companies or
 individuals are not uncommon, and we cannot assure you that that
 we will always be able to resolve such disputes out of court or
 on terms favorable to us.

 41

Table of Contents

 Our
 publicly-filed SEC reports are reviewed by the SEC from time to
 time and any significant changes required as a result of any
 such review may result in material liability to us and have a
 material adverse impact on the trading price of our common
 stock.

 The reports of publicly-traded companies are subject to review
 by the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time for
 the purpose of assisting companies in complying with applicable
 disclosure requirements and to enhance the overall effectiveness
 of companies’ public filings, and comprehensive reviews of
 such reports are now required at least every three years under
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. SEC reviews may be initiated at
 any time. While we believe that our previously filed SEC reports
 comply, and we intend that all future reports will comply in all
 material respects with the published rules and regulations of
 the SEC, we could be required to modify or reformulate
 information contained in prior filings as a result of an SEC
 review. Any modification or reformulation of information
 contained in such reports could be significant and could result
 in material liability to us and have a material adverse impact
 on the trading price of our common stock.