– Liquidity, Capital and Credit.

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

137

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 |

Liquidity and Capital
Resources

Regulation and
Supervision 

For a discussion of our regulation and supervision by
different regulatory authorities in the United States and abroad, including
with respect to our liquidity and capital resources see Item 1. Business —
Regulation and Item 1A. Risk Factors — Regulation.

Dividends and Repurchases of AIG Common Stock

On February 14, 2017, our Board of Directors declared a
cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share, payable on March 29, 2017
to shareholders of record on March 15, 2017. On May 3, 2017, our Board of
Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share,
payable on June 28, 2017 to shareholders of record on June 14, 2017.  On August
2, 2017, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of
$0.32 per share, payable on September 29, 2017 to shareholders of record on
September 15, 2017. On November 2, 2017, our Board of Directors declared a cash
dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share, payable on December 22, 2017
to shareholders of record on December 8, 2017. 

On February 8,
2018, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of
$0.32 per share, payable on March 29, 2018 to shareholders of record on March
15, 2018. The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our
Board of Directors and will depend on various factors, as discussed further in
Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Our Board of
Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock and
warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock through a series of actions. On
May 3, 2017, our Board of Directors approved an additional increase of $2.5
billion to the share repurchase authorization.  As of February 8, 2018,
approximately $2.3 billion remained under the authorization. Shares may be
repurchased from time to time in the open market, private purchases, through
forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase or automatic repurchase
transactions or otherwise (including through the purchase of warrants). 
Certain of our share repurchases have been and may from time to time be
effected through Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans. The timing of any future
share repurchases will depend on market conditions, our business and strategic
plans, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors.

During 2017, we
repurchased approximately 100 million shares of AIG Common Stock for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately $6.3 billion pursuant to this authorization.

Dividend Restrictions 

Payments of dividends to AIG by its insurance subsidiaries
are subject to certain restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities. 

For a
discussion of restrictions on payments of dividends by our subsidiaries see
Note 

19

 to the Consolidated Financial Statements

.

138

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Enterprise
Risk Management

Risk management includes the identification and measurement of
various forms of risk, the establishment of risk thresholds and the creation of
processes intended to maintain risks within these thresholds while optimizing
returns. We consider risk management an integral part of managing our core
businesses and a key element of our approach to corporate governance.

Overview

We have an integrated process
for managing risks throughout our organization in accordance with our firm‑wide
risk appetite. Our Board of Directors has oversight responsibility for the
management of risk. Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Department supervises
and integrates the risk management functions in each of our business units,
providing senior management with a consolidated view of AIG’s major risk
positions. Within each business unit, senior leaders and executives approve
risk‑taking policies and targeted risk tolerance within the framework
provided by ERM. ERM supports our businesses and management in the embedding of
risk management in our key day-to-day business processes and in identifying,
assessing, quantifying, managing, monitoring, reporting, and mitigating the
risks taken by us and our businesses. Nevertheless, our risk management efforts
may not always be successful and material adverse effects on our business,
results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or financial condition may occur

.

Risk Governance Structure

Our risk governance structure fosters the development and
maintenance of a risk and control management culture that encompasses all
significant risk categories impacting our lines of business and functions.
Accountability for the implementation and oversight of risk policies is aligned
with individual corporate executives, with the risk committees receiving
regular reports regarding compliance with each policy to support risk
governance at our corporate level as well as in each business unit. We review
our governance and committee structure on a regular basis and make changes as
appropriate to continue to effectively manage and govern our risks and risk-taking.

Our Board of
Directors oversees the management of risk through its Risk and Capital
Committee (RCC) and Audit Committee. Those committees regularly interact with
other committees of the Board of Directors. Our Chief Risk Officer (CRO)
reports to both the RCC and our Chief Executive Officer 
(CEO). 

The Group Risk Committee (GRC):

 The GRC is the senior management group responsible for assessing
all significant risk issues on a global basis to protect our financial
strength, optimize our intrinsic value, and protect our reputation. The GRC is
chaired by our CRO. Its membership includes our CEO, Chief Financial Officer
(CFO), and other senior executives from across our corporate functions and
business units. Our CRO reports periodically on behalf of the GRC to both the
RCC and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Our CRO is also a member
of the Executive Leadership Team (ELT) providing ERM the opportunity to
contribute to, review, monitor and consider the impact of changes in strategy.

Management
committees that support the GRC are described below. These committees are
comprised of senior executives and experienced business representatives from a
range of functions and business units throughout AIG and its subsidiaries.
These committees are charged with identifying, analyzing and reviewing specific
risk matters within their respective mandates.

Financial Risk Group (FRG):

  The FRG is responsible for the oversight of
financial risks taken by AIG and our subsidiaries. Its mandate includes
overseeing our aggregate credit, market, interest rate, capital, liquidity and
model risks, as well as asset

-

liability management, derivatives activity, and
foreign exchange transactions. It

provides the primary corporate

-

level review function for all proposed
transactions and business practices that are significant in size, complex in scope,
or that present heightened legal, reputational, accounting or regulatory risks.

The FRG is chaired by our CRO. Membership
of the FRG also includes our CFO, Chief Investment Officer (CIO) and Treasurer.

Technology, Operational Risk & Control
Committee (TORCC):

  This
committee oversees technology and operational risk management and control
issues and activities across our businesses, functions, and geographic
locations. The TORCC reviews our risk management practices and monitors current
and emerging technology and operational risks, as well as management actions
taken to reduce such risks to acceptable levels within our risk appetite. It
primarily focuses on establishing the firm-wide framework for identifying,
assessing, measuring, managing and monitoring technology and operational risks.
The TORCC addresses firm-wide, rather than business-specific issues and is
mandated to prioritize technology and operational improvements that are
significant and transformational. 

The TORCC
also provides a forum for senior management to assess our business technology
and operational risk profiles that may affect our strategic objectives.

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

139

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

The scope of the TORCC includes, but is not limited to,
Operational Risk Management, Technology Risk Management, Model Risk Management,
Information Security, Compliance, Sarbanes Oxley, Disaster Recovery, Project
Risk Management and Vendor Risk Management.

The TORCC is an
authorized sub-committee of our GRC and supports the GRC in its risk management
oversight role.

The TORCC is co-chaired by our
CRO and our CIO. Membership of the TORCC also includes Owners of the Control
Agenda (OCA), Business Information Officers, and members of the various control
and assurance functions.

In addition, the
TORCC may form, and delegate authority to, sub-committees or working groups
which oversee Technology and Operational risk-related matters on its behalf
with periodic reporting to the TORCC.

Business Unit Risk Committees:  

Each of our major insurance businesses has established a
risk committee that serves as the senior management committee responsible for
risk oversight at the individual business unit level. The risk committees are
responsible for the identification, assessment and monitoring of all sources of
risk within their respective portfolios. Specific responsibilities include
setting risk tolerances, reviewing the capital allocation framework, insurance
portfolio optimization, and providing oversight of risk-adjusted metrics. In
addition, each business unit has established subordinate committees at the
legal entity level and has working groups in place that support these
committees in executing their duties, such as ensuring policies are adhered to,
and transactions are completed with risk appetite in mind. Together, these
committees provide comprehensive risk oversight throughout the organization. 

140

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement

Risk Appetite
Framework

Our Risk Appetite Framework integrates
stakeholder interests, strategic business goals and available financial
resources. We balance these by seeking to take measured risks that are expected
to generate repeatable, sustainable earnings and create long-term value for our
shareholders. The framework includes our risk appetite statement approved by
the Board of Directors or a committee thereof and a set of supporting tools,
including risk tolerances, risk limits and policies, which we use to manage our
risk profile and financial resources.  

We articulate our aggregate risk-taking by setting risk
tolerances and thresholds on capital and liquidity measures. These measures are
set at the AIG Parent level as well as the legal entity level and cover
consolidated and insurance company capital and liquidity ratios. We must comply
with standards for capital adequacy and maintain sufficient liquidity to meet
all our obligations as they come due in accordance with our internal capital
management and liquidity policies. Our risk tolerances take into consideration
regulatory requirements, rating agency expectations, and business needs. The
GRC routinely reviews the level of risk taken by the consolidated organization
in relation to the established risk tolerances. A consolidated risk report is
also presented periodically, as required, to the RCC by our CRO.

Risk Limits

A key component of
our Risk Appetite Framework is having a process in place that establishes and
maintains appropriate limits on the material risks identified for our core
businesses and facilitates monitoring and meeting of both internal and external
stakeholder expectations. Our objectives include:

•

Establishing
risk monitoring, providing early warning indicators, and ensuring timely
oversight and enforceability of limits;

•

Defining
a consistent and transparent approach to limits governance; and

•

Aligning
our business activities with our risk appetite statement. 

To support the
monitoring and management of AIG’s and its business units’ material risks, ERM
has an established limits framework that employs a three-tiered hierarchy: 

•

Board-level risk tolerances

 are AIG’s aggregate
capital and liquidity limits. They define the minimum level of capital and
liquidity that we should maintain. These board-level risk tolerances require
RCC approval.

•

AIG management level limits

 are risk type specific
limits at the AIG consolidated level. These limits are defined and calibrated
to constrain our concentration in specific risk types, to protect against
taking risks that exceed the amount of overall capital AIG has available, and
to protect against excess earnings volatility. These limits are approved by our
CRO with consultation from the GRC.

•

BU and legal entity level limits

 are set to address
key risks identified by ERM for the business unit and legal entities, protect
capital and liquidity at legal entities and/or meet legal entity specific
requirements of regulators and rating agencies. These limits are defined by the
business unit and legal entity risk officers.

All limits are reviewed by the FRG, GRC or relevant
business unit risk committees on a periodic basis and revisions, if applicable,
are approved by those committees.

The business units are responsible for measuring and
monitoring their risk exposures. ERM is responsible for monitoring compliance with
limits and providing regular, timely reporting to our senior management and
risk committees. Limit breaches are required to be reported in a timely manner
and are documented and escalated in accordance with their level of severity or
materiality.  

Risk Identification and Measurement

One tool we use to inform our Risk Appetite
Framework is risk identification. We conduct risk identification through a
number of processes at the business unit and corporate level focused on
capturing our material risks and key areas of focus for follow-up risk management
actions. A key initiative is our 
integrated bottom-up
risk identification and assessment process down to the product-line level
.
These processes are used as a critical input to enhance and develop our
analytics for measuring and assessing risks across the organization.

We employ various approaches to measure, monitor, and manage
risk exposures, including the utilization of a variety of metrics and early
warning indicators. We use a proprietary internal capital and stress testing
framework to measure our quantifiable risks for both insurance and
non-insurance operations. 

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

141

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

The internal capital framework
quantifies our aggregate economic risk at a given confidence interval, after
taking into account a level of diversification benefits between risk factors
and business lines. We leverage the internal capital framework to help inform
our consolidated risk consumption and profile as well as risk and capital
allocation for our businesses.

The stress testing framework measures risk over multiple
time horizons and under different levels of stress. We develop a range of
stress scenarios based on both internal experience and regulatory guidance. The
stress tests are intended to ensure that sufficient resources are available
under both idiosyncratic and systemic market stress conditions.

The stress testing framework assesses our aggregate exposure
to our most significant financial and insurance risks, including the risk in
each of our key insurance company subsidiaries in relation to its capital needs
under stress, risks inherent in our non-insurance company subsidiaries, and
risks to AIG consolidated capital. We use this information to determine the
resources needed at the AIG Parent level to support our subsidiaries and
capital resources required to maintain consolidated company target
capitalization levels.

 We evaluate and manage risk in material topics as shown
 below. These topics are discussed in more detail in the following pages

: 

 •

Credit Risk Management

 •

Liquidity Risk Management 

 •

Insurance Risks

 •

Market Risk Management

 •

Operational Risk Management

 •

Other Business Risks

Credit Risk Management

Overview

Credit risk is defined as the risk that our
customers or counterparties are unable or unwilling to repay their contractual
obligations when they become due. Credit risk may also result from a downgrade
of a counterparty’s credit ratings or a widening of its credit spreads.

We devote considerable resources to managing our direct and
indirect credit exposures. These exposures may arise from, but are not limited
to, fixed income investments, equity securities, deposits, commercial paper
investments, reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements, corporate
and consumer loans, leases, reinsurance recoverables, counterparty risk arising
from derivatives activities, collateral extended to counterparties, insurance
risk cessions to third parties, financial guarantees, letters of credit, and
certain General Insurance businesses. 

Governance

Our credit risks are managed
by teams of credit professionals, subject to ERM oversight and various control
processes. Their primary role is to assure appropriate credit risk management
in accordance with our credit policies and procedures relative to our credit
risk parameters. Our Chief Credit Officer (CCO) and credit executives are
primarily responsible for the development, implementation and maintenance of a
risk management framework, which includes the following elements related to our
credit risks:  

•

developing
and implementing our company-wide credit policies and procedures;

•

approving
delegated credit authorities to our credit executives and qualified credit
professionals;

•

developing
methodologies for quantification and assessment of credit risks, including the
establishment and maintenance of our internal risk rating process;

•

managing
a system of credit and program limits, as well as the approval process for
credit transactions, above limit exposures, and concentrations of risk that may
exist or be incurred;

•

evaluating,
monitoring, reviewing and reporting of credit risks and concentrations
regularly with senior management; and

•

approving
appropriate credit reserves, credit-related other-than-temporary impairments
and corresponding methodologies for all credit portfolios.

We monitor and
control our company-wide credit risk concentrations and attempt to avoid
unwanted or excessive risk accumulations, whether funded or unfunded. To
minimize the level of credit risk in some circumstances, we may require
mitigants, such as third‑party guarantees, reinsurance or collateral,
including commercial bank-issued letters of credit and trust collateral
accounts. We treat these guarantees, reinsurance recoverables, and letters of
credit as credit exposure and include them in our risk concentration exposure
data. We also monitor closely the quality of any trust collateral accounts. 

For further information on our credit concentrations and
credit exposures see Investments – Available-for-Sale Investments.

142

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Our credit risk
management framework incorporates the following elements:

 Risk Identification

 including the ongoing capture and monitoring of all
 existing, contingent, potential and emerging credit risk exposures, whether
 funded or unfunded

 Risk Measurement

 comprising risk ratings, default probabilities, loss
 given default and expected loss parameters, exposure calculations, stress
 testing and other risk analytics

 Risk Limits

 including, but not limited to, a system of single
 obligor or risk group-based AIG-wide house limits and sub-limits for
 corporates, financial institutions, sovereigns and sub-sovereigns when
 appropriate and a defined process for identifying, evaluating, documenting
 and approving, if appropriate, breaches of and exceptions to such limits

 Risk Delegations

 a comprehensive credit risk delegation framework from
 the CCO to authorized credit professionals throughout the company

 Risk Evaluation, Monitoring and Reporting

 including the ongoing analysis and assessment of
 credit risks, trending of those risks and reporting of other key risk metrics
 and limits to the CCO and senior management, as may be required

 Credit Reserving

 including but not limited to development of a proper
 framework, policies and procedures for establishing accurate identification
 of (i) Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses, and (ii) other-than-temporary
 impairments for securities portfolios

Market Risk Management

Market risk is
defined as the risk of adverse impact due to systemic movements in one or more
of the following market risk drivers:  equity and commodity prices, residential
and commercial real estate values, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign
exchange, inflation, and their levels of volatility. 

We are engaged in a variety of insurance, investment and
other financial services businesses that expose us to market risk, directly and
indirectly. We are exposed to market risks primarily within our insurance and
capital markets activities, on both the asset and liability side of our balance
sheet through on- and off-balance sheet exposures. The Risk Officer within each
business is responsible for creating a framework to properly identify these
risks, then ensuring that they are appropriately measured, monitored and
managed in accordance with the risk governance framework established by the
Chief Market Risk Officer (CMRO). 

The scope and magnitude of our market risk exposures is
managed under a robust framework that contains defined risk limits and minimum
standards for managing market risk in a manner consistent with our risk
appetite statement. Our market risk management framework focuses on quantifying
the financial repercussions of changes in these broad market observables, as
opposed to the idiosyncratic risks associated with individual assets that are
addressed through our credit risk management function.

Many of our market risk exposures related to interest rates
and equity returns are associated with our Life and Retirement companies and
relate to both asset and liability exposures. In addition, these exposures are
long-term in nature. Examples of liability-related exposures include interest
rate sensitive surrenders in our fixed deferred annuity product portfolio.
Also, we have equity market risk sensitive surrenders in our variable annuity
product portfolio. These interactive asset-liability types of risk exposures
are regularly monitored in accordance with the risk governance framework noted
above.

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

143

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Risk
Identification

Market risk focuses on quantifying the financial
repercussions of changes in broad, external, predominantly market-observable
risks. Financial repercussions can include an adverse impact on results of
operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital.

Each of the following systemic risks is
considered a market risk:

 Equity prices

 We are exposed to changes in equity market prices
 affecting a variety of instruments. Changes in equity prices can affect the
 valuation of publicly traded equity shares, investments in private equity,
 hedge funds and mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other equity-linked
 capital market instruments as well as equity-linked insurance products,
 including but not limited to index annuities, variable annuities, indexed
 universal life insurance and variable universal life insurance.

 Residential and
 commercial real estate values

 Our investment portfolios are exposed to the risk of
 changing values in a variety of residential and commercial real estate
 investments. Changes in residential/commercial real estate prices can affect
 the valuation of residential/commercial mortgages, residential/commercial
 mortgage‑backed securities and other structured securities with underlying
 assets that include residential/commercial mortgages, trusts that include
 residential/commercial real estate and/or mortgages, residential mortgage
 insurance and reinsurance contracts and commercial real estate investments.

 Interest rates

 Interest rate risk can arise from a mismatch in the
 interest rate exposure of assets versus liabilities. Lower interest rates
 generally result in lower investment income and make some of our product
 offerings less attractive to investors. Conversely, higher interest rates are
 typically beneficial for the opposite reasons. However, when rates rise
 quickly, there can be a temporary asymmetric GAAP accounting effect where the
 existing securities lose market value, which is largely reported in Other
 comprehensive income, and the offsetting decrease in the value of related
 liabilities may not be recognized. Changes in interest rates can affect the
 valuation of fixed maturity securities, financial liabilities, insurance
 contracts including but not limited to universal life, fixed rate annuities,
 variable annuities and derivative contracts.

 Credit spreads

 Credit spreads measure an instrument’s risk premium
 or yield relative to that of a comparable duration, default‑free
 instrument. Changes in credit spreads can affect the valuation of fixed
 maturity securities, including but not limited to corporate bonds, ABS,
 mortgage-backed securities, AIG-issued debt obligations, credit derivatives
 and derivative credit valuation adjustments. Much like higher interest rates,
 wider credit spreads with unchanged default losses mean more investment
 income in the long term. In the short term, quickly rising spreads will cause
 a loss in the value of existing fixed maturity securities, which is largely
 reported in Other comprehensive income. A precipitous widening of credit
 spreads may also signal a fundamental weakness in the credit worthiness of
 bond obligors, potentially resulting in default losses.

 Foreign exchange
 (FX) rates

 We are a globally diversified enterprise with income,
 assets and liabilities denominated in, and capital deployed in, a variety of
 currencies. Changes in FX rates can affect the valuation of a broad range of
 balance sheet and income statement items as well as the settlement of cash
 flows exchanged in specific transactions.

 Commodity prices

 Changes in commodity prices (the value of
 commodities) can affect the valuation of publicly‑traded commodities,
 commodity indices and derivatives on commodities and commodity indices. We
 are exposed to commodity prices primarily through their impact on the prices
 and credit quality of commodity producers’ debt and equity securities in our
 investment portfolio.

 Inflation

 Changes in inflation can affect the valuation of
 fixed maturity securities, including AIG-issued debt obligations, derivatives
 and other contracts explicitly linked to inflation indices, and insurance
 contracts where the claims are linked to inflation either explicitly, via
 indexing, or implicitly, through medical costs or wage levels.

144

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Governance

Market risk is overseen
at the corporate level within ERM through the CMRO, who reports directly to the
CRO. The CMRO is supported by a dedicated team of professionals within ERM.
Market Risk is managed by our finance, treasury and investment management
corporate functions, collectively, and in partnership with ERM. The CMRO is
primarily responsible for the development and maintenance of a risk management
framework that includes the following key components:

•

written
policies that define the rules for our market risk-taking activities and
provide clear guidance regarding their execution and management; 

•

a
limit framework that aligns with our Board-approved risk appetite statement;

•

independent
measurement, monitoring and reporting for line of business, business unit and
enterprise-wide market risks; and

•

clearly
defined authorities for all individuals and committee roles and
responsibilities related to market risk management.

•

These
components facilitate the CMRO’s identification, measurement, monitoring,
reporting and management of our market risks.  

Risk Measurement 

Our market risk measurement framework was
developed with the main objective of communicating the range and scale of our
market risk exposures. At the firm‑wide level market risk is measured in
a manner that is consistent with AIG’s risk appetite statement. This is
designed to ensure that we remain within our stated risk tolerance levels and
can determine how much additional market risk taking capacity is available
within our framework. Our risk appetite is currently defined in terms of
capital and liquidity levels. At the market risk level, the framework measures
our overall exposure to each systemic market risk change on an economic basis.

In addition, we continue to use enhanced economic, GAAP
accounting and statutory capital‑based risk measures at the market risk
level, business‑unit level and firm‑wide levels. This process aims
to ensure that we have a comprehensive view of the impact of our market risk
exposures.

We use a number of approaches to measure our
market risk exposure, including:

 Examples include:

 Sensitivity analysis

 measures the impact from a unit change in a market
 risk input

 •

a one basis point increase in yield on fixed maturity
 securities, 

•

a one basis point increase in credit spreads of fixed
 maturity securities, and 

•

a one percent increase in prices of equity
 securities.

 Scenario analysis

 uses historical, hypothetical, or forward‑looking
 macroeconomic scenarios to assess and report exposures

 •

a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve,
 or 

•

a 20 percent immediate and simultaneous decrease
 in world‑wide equity markets. 

Scenarios may also utilize a stochastic framework to
 arrive at a probability distribution of losses.

 Stress testing

 a special form of scenario analysis in which the
 scenarios are designed to lead to a material adverse outcome

 •

the stock market crash of October 1987 or the
 widening of yields or spreads of RMBS or CMBS during 2008.

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

145

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Market Risk
Sensitivities

The following table provides estimates of our sensitivity to
changes in yield curves, equity prices and foreign currency exchange rates:

 Balance
 Sheet Exposure

 Economic
 Effect

 December
 31,

 December
 31,

 December
 31,

 December
 31, 

 (dollars in millions)

 2017

 2016

 2017

 2016

 Sensitivity factor 

 100 bps parallel increase in all yield curves

 Interest rate sensitive assets:

 Fixed maturity securities

 $

 248,195

 $

 251,784

 $

 (14,998)

 $

 (14,745)

 Mortgage and other loans receivable

 28,799

 25,113

 (1,566)

 (1,352)

 Preferred stock

 14

 17

 (1)

 (1)

 Derivatives:

 Interest rate contracts

 (29)

 (749)

 (1,343)

 (1,762)

 Equity contracts

 501

 286

 36

 14

 Foreign exchange contracts

 (416)

 (49)

 42

 14

 Credit contracts

 (276)

 (329)

 -

 -

 Other contracts

 17

 16

 -

 (1)

 Total interest rate sensitive assets

 $

 276,805

 (a)

 $

 276,089

 (a) 

 $

 (17,830)

 $

 (17,833)

 Interest rate sensitive liabilities:

 Policyholder contract deposits:

 Investment-type contracts

 $

 114,326

 $

 112,705

 $

 506

 $

 1,087

 Variable annuity and other embedded

 derivatives

 4,148

 3,058

 (2,175)

 (2,061)

 Long-term debt(b)

 24,445

 24,834

 (1,803)

 (1,791)

 Total interest rate sensitive liabilities

 $

 142,919

 $

 140,597

 $

 (3,472)

 $

 (2,765)

 Sensitivity factor 

 20% decline in stock prices and value of

 derivatives and alternative investments

 Derivatives:

 Equity contracts(c)

 $

 501

 $

 286

 $

 (100)

 $

 (57)

 Equity and alternative investments

 exposure:

 Real estate investments

 8,258

 6,900

 (1,652)

 (1,380)

 Hedge funds

 5,768

 7,249

 (1,153)

 (1,450)

 Private equity

 5,540

 6,130

 (1,108)

 (1,226)

 Common equity

 1,215

 1,369

 (243)

 (274)

 PICC Investment

 549

 439

 (110)

 (88)

 Aircraft asset investments

 206

 321

 (41)

 (64)

 Other investments

 555

 946

 (111)

 (189)

 Total derivatives, equity and alternative

 investments exposure

 $

 22,592

 $

 23,640

 $

 (4,518)

 $

 (4,728)

 Policyholder contract deposits:

 Variable annuity and other embedded

 derivatives(c)

 $

 4,148

 $

 3,058

 $

 982

 $

 888

 Total liability exposure

 $

 4,148

 $

 3,058

 $

 982

 $

 888

 Sensitivity factor 

 10% depreciation of all foreign currency 

 exchange rates against the U.S. dollar

 Foreign currency-denominated net 

 asset position:

 Great Britain pound

 $

 2,026

 $

 2,274

 $

 (203)

 $

 (227)

 Japanese yen

 651

 2,345

 (65)

 (235)

 Euro

 1,349

 2,000

 (135)

 (200)

 All other foreign currencies

 2,533

 3,210

 (253)

 (321)

 Total foreign currency-denominated net 

 asset position

(d) 

 $

 6,559

 $

 9,829

 $

 (656)

 $

 (983)

146

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

(a)  At December 31, 2017, the
analysis covered $276.8 billion of $289.6 billion interest-rate sensitive
assets. Excluded were $8.2 billion of loans. In addition, $4.6 billion of
assets across various asset categories were excluded due to modeling
limitations. At December 31, 2016, the analysis covered $276.1 billion of
$291.7 billion interest-rate sensitive assets. Excluded were $8.1 billion of
loans and $2.5 billion of investments in life settlements. In addition, $5.0
billion of assets across various asset categories were excluded due to modeling
limitations. 

(b)  
At December 31, 2017, the analysis excluded $6.0 billion of
long-term debt related to debt of consolidated investments, $642 million of
AIGLH borrowings, $190 million of borrowings from the FHLB and $334 million of
AIG Japan Holdings loans.

At December 31, 2016, the analysis excluded $4.4 billion of
long-term debt related to debt of consolidated investments, $642 million of
AIGLH borrowings, $735 million of borrowings from the FHLB and $330 million of
AIG Japan Holdings loans.

(c)  The balance sheet exposures for equity
contracts and variable annuity and other embedded derivatives are also
reflected under “Interest rate sensitive liabilities” above, and are not
additive.

(d)  The majority of the foreign currency
exposure is reported on a one quarter lag.

The sensitivity analysis is an estimate and should not be viewed
as predictive of our future financial performance. We cannot ensure that our
actual losses in any particular period will not exceed the amounts indicated
above.

We use duration and convexity metrics to measure price sensitivity
to interest rate changes for interest rate sensitive assets excluding
derivatives and long-term debt. Duration measures the relative sensitivity of
the fair value of a financial instrument to changes in interest rates.
Convexity measures the rate of change of duration with respect to changes in
interest rates.

Interest rate sensitivity of a derivative is
calculated as change in its value with respect to plus a 100 basis point change
in the interest rate environment, calculated as: scenario value minus base
value, where base value is the value of the derivative under the yield curves
as of the period end and scenario value is the value reflecting a 100 basis
point parallel increase in all yield curves
. 

We evaluate our interest rate risk without the
effect of any correlation among other key market risks or other assumptions
used for calculating the fair value of our financial liabilities and embedded
derivatives. This scenario does not measure changes in value resulting from
non-parallel shifts in the yield curve, which could produce different results. 

We evaluate our equity price risk without the
effect of any correlation among other key market risks or other assumptions
used for calculating the fair value of our financial liabilities and embedded
derivatives. This scenario considers the direct impact of declines in equity
prices and not changes in asset-based fees, changes in the estimated gross
profits used for amortizing DAC, or changes in any other assumptions used to
calculate the fair value of the embedded derivatives related to the living
benefit features within variable annuity products. In addition, this scenario
does not reflect the impact of basis risk, such as projections about the future
performance of the underlying contract holder funds and actual fund returns,
which we use as a basis for developing our hedging strategy.

Foreign currency-denominated net asset position reflects our
consolidated non‑U.S. dollar assets less our consolidated non‑U.S
dollar liabilities on a GAAP basis, with certain adjustments. We use a
bottom-up approach in managing our foreign currency exchange rate exposures
with the objective of protecting statutory capital at the regulated insurance
entity level. At the AIG Parent level, we monitor our foreign currency
exposures against single currency and aggregate currency portfolio limits. 

Our
foreign currency-denominated net asset position at December 31, 2017, decreased
by $3.3 billion compared to December 31, 2016. The decrease was primarily due
to a $1.7 billion decrease in our Japanese yen position primarily due to the
sale of Fuji Life and the unwinding of certain yen hedges; a $0.7 billion
decrease in our euro position primarily due to the issuance of 

€

1.0 billion euro denominated
debt; and a $248 million decrease in our British pound position primarily due
to an increase in reserves.

For
illustrative purposes, we modeled our sensitivities based on a 100 basis point
increase in yield curves, a 20 percent decline in equities and alternative
assets, and a 10 percent depreciation of all foreign currency exchange
rates against the U.S. dollar. The estimated results presented in the table
above should not be taken as a prediction, but only as a demonstration of the
potential effects of such events

. 

The sensitivity factors utilized for 2017 and
presented above were selected based on historical data from 1997 to 2017, as
follows 
(see the table below)

: 

•

a
100 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve is consistent with a one
standard deviation movement of the benchmark ten-year treasury yield;

•

a
20 percent drop for equity and alternative investments is broadly consistent
with a one standard deviation movement in the S&P 500; and

•

a
10 percent depreciation of foreign currency exchange rates is consistent with a
one standard deviation movement in the U.S. dollar (USD)/Japanese yen (JPY)
exchange rate.

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

147

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

 2017
 Scenario as

 2017

 2017
 as a Multiple

 Original
 2016 Scenario (based

 Standard

 Suggested

 a
 Multiple of

 Change/

 of
 Standard

 on
 Standard Deviation for

 Period

 Deviation

 2017
 Scenario

 Standard
 Deviation

 Return

 Deviation

 1996-2016
 Period)

 10-Year Treasury

 1997-2017

 0.01

 0.01

 0.99

 -

 0.05

 0.01

 S&P 500

 1997-2017

 0.18

 0.20

 1.14

 0.19

 1.11

 0.20

 USD/JPY

 1997-2017

 0.11

 0.10

 0.88

 0.04

 0.33

 0.10

Risk Monitoring and Limits

The risk monitoring responsibilities, owned by
the business units, include ensuring compliance with market risk limits and
escalation and remediation of limit breaches. Such activities must be reported
to the ERM Market Risk team by the relevant business unit. This monitoring
approach is aligned with our overall risk limits framework. 

To control our exposure to market risk, we rely on a
three-tiered hierarchy of limits that the CMRO closely monitors and reports to
our CRO, senior management and risk committees. 

For further information on our three-tiered hierarchy of
limits see Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement – Risk Limits
herein

. 

Liquidity Risk Management

Liquidity risk is
defined as the risk that our financial condition will be adversely affected by
the inability or perceived inability to meet our short-term cash, collateral or
other financial obligations. Failure to appropriately manage liquidity risk can
result in insolvency, reduced operating flexibility, increased costs,
reputational harm and regulatory action. 

AIG and its legal entities seek to maintain sufficient
liquidity both during the normal course of business and under defined liquidity
stress scenarios to ensure that sufficient cash will be available to meet the
obligations as they come due.

AIG Parent liquidity risk tolerance levels are designed to
allow us to meet our financial obligations for a minimum of six months under a
liquidity stress scenario. We maintain liquidity limits and minimum coverage
ratios designed to ensure that funding needs are met under varying market
conditions. If we project that we will breach these tolerances, we will assess
and determine appropriate liquidity management actions. However, the market
conditions in effect at that time may not permit us to achieve an increase in
liquidity sources or a reduction in liquidity requirements.

Risk Identification

The following sources of liquidity and funding
risks could impact our ability to meet short-term financial obligations as they
come due.

 Market/Monetization Risk

 Assets may not be readily transformed into cash due
 to unfavorable market conditions. Market liquidity risk may limit our ability
 to sell assets at reasonable values to meet liquidity needs.

 Cash Flow Mismatch Risk

 Discrete and cumulative cash flow mismatches or gaps
 over short-term horizons under both expected and adverse business conditions
 may create future liquidity shortfalls.

 Event Funding Risk

 Additional funding may be required as the result of a
 trigger event. Event funding risk comes in many forms and may result from a
 downgrade in credit ratings, a market event, or some other event that creates
 a funding obligation or limits existing funding options.

 Financing Risk

 We may be unable to raise additional cash on a
 secured or unsecured basis due to unfavorable market conditions, AIG-specific
 issues, or any other issue that impedes access to additional funding.

Governance

Liquidity risk is overseen at the corporate level
within ERM. The CRO has responsibility for the oversight of the Liquidity Risk
Management Framework and delegates the day-to-day implementation of this
framework to the AIG Treasurer. Our corporate treasury function manages
liquidity risk, subject to ERM oversight and various control processes.

The Liquidity Risk Management Framework is guided by the
liquidity risk tolerance as set forth in the Board-approved risk appetite
statement.

The principal objective of this
framework is to establish minimum liquidity requirements that protect our
long-term viability and ability to fund our ongoing business, and to meet
short-term financial obligations in a timely manner in both normal and stressed
conditions. 

148

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Our Liquidity Risk Management
Framework includes a number of liquidity and funding policies and monitoring
tools to address AIG-specific, broader industry and market-related liquidity
events.

Risk Measurement

Comprehensive cash flow projections under normal
conditions are the primary component for identifying and measuring liquidity
risk. We produce comprehensive liquidity projections over varying time horizons
that incorporate all relevant liquidity sources and uses and include known and
likely cash inflows and outflows. In addition, we perform stress testing by identifying
liquidity stress scenarios and assessing the effects of these scenarios on our
cash flow and liquidity.

We use a number of approaches to measure our
liquidity risk exposure, including:

 Minimum Liquidity Limits

 Minimum Liquidity Limits specify the amount of assets
 required to be maintained in specific liquidity portfolios to meet
 obligations as they arise over a specified time horizon under stressed
 liquidity conditions.

 Coverage Ratios

 Coverage Ratios measure the adequacy of available
 liquidity sources, including the ability to monetize assets to meet the
 forecasted cash flows over a specified time horizon. The portfolio of assets
 is selected based on our ability to convert those assets into cash under the
 assumed market conditions and within the specified time horizon.

 Cash Flow Forecasts

 Cash Flow Forecasts measure the liquidity needed for
 a specific legal entity over a specified time horizon.

 Stress Testing

 Asset liquidity and

Coverage Ratios are re-measured under defined
 liquidity stress scenarios that will impact net cash flows, liquid assets
 and/or other funding sources.

Relevant liquidity reporting is produced and
reported regularly to AIG Parent and business unit risk committees. The
frequency, content, and nature of reporting will vary for each business unit
and legal entity, based on its complexity, risk profile, activities and size.

Operational Risk M
anagement

Overview

Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss,
or other adverse consequences, resulting from inadequate or failed internal
processes, people, systems, or from external events. Operational risk includes
legal, regulatory, and compliance risks, and excludes business and strategy
risks. 

Operational risk is inherent in each of our
business units and functions and can have many impacts, including but not
limited to: unexpected economic losses or gains, reputational harm due to
negative publicity, regulatory action from supervisory agencies and operational
and business disruptions, and/or damage to customer relationships.

Governance

Our operational risk governance sets the
requirements necessary to embed a risk management culture throughout the
organization. AIG and its consolidated subsidiaries establish and maintain
operational risk and controls governance forums that include representatives
from the relevant business units and corporate functions to appropriately
manage significant operational risk exposures. At an enterprise level, the
TORCC oversees operational risk. The TORCC addresses firm-wide rather than
business-specific issues and is mandated to prioritize technology and
operational improvements that are significant and transformational.  

Operational risk is overseen at the corporate
level within ERM through the Head of AIG Operational and Technology Controls,
who reports directly to our CRO. The Head of AIG Operational and Technology
Controls is responsible for the development and maintenance of the operational
risk framework that includes policies, standards and deployment of systems.   

Risk Identification, Measurement and Monitoring

The ORM function within ERM oversees the
operational risk policy and integrated risk and control framework, which
includes risk identification, assessment, measurement, management and monitoring
of operational risk exposures. ORM supports the TORCC and has responsibility to
provide an aggregate view of our operational risk profile.

As part of the framework, we employ a Three
Lines of Defense model whereby the first line consists of business units and
corporate functions that own and manage AIG risks, the second line consists of
ERM and other control functions and serves as an independent advisor to the
first line and has risk oversight 

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

149

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

responsibilities,
and the third line consists of our Internal Audit Group that provides
independent assurance covering aspects of the First and Second Lines of
Defense, in each case, to strengthen the governance, capability and delivery of
operational risk management tools and methods. A key area of ongoing
development is to have business leaders assume ownership and accountability for
the risks and controls in their operating units, including support functions,
for the operational risks that arise in their own processes and activities. In
line with the Three Lines of Defense Model, the ORM programs include, but are
not limited to, several key components outlined below:

•

Risk
Event Capture – enables every employee to identify, document, and escalate
operational risk events, with a view to enhancing processes and promoting
lessons learned. 

•

Risk
Assessments – allows for the assessment, measurement and management of the key
operational risks within our business units and helps inform on the efficacy of
our control environment. 

•

Key
Risk Indicators – enhances the ongoing monitoring and mitigation of operational
risks and facilitate risk reporting.

•

Issues
Management – enables a consistent tracking of issues across the firm, including
policy and process exceptions, control deficiencies and findings from risk and
control assessment activities.  

•

Scenario
Analyses – executed by first- and second-line professionals to identify potential
risks that could result in financial losses in order to identify the financial
implications of the risk to the firm and support the prioritization of
operational risk treatment.  

ORM, working together with other control and
assurance functions (e.g., Compliance, Financial Controls Unit / Sarbanes Oxley,
Global Business Continuity, and Internal Audit) through the integrated risk and
control framework, provides an independent view of operational risks for each
business, and works with the business unit CRO and business unit OCA to
facilitate implementation of the above programs. This includes coverage of
operational risks related to core insurance activities, investing, model risk,
technology (including cyber security, identify and access management, data
privacy and data security), third-party providers, as well as compliance and
regulatory matters. Based on the results of the risk identification and
assessment efforts above, business leaders are accountable for tracking and
remediating identified issues in line with our risk-monitoring procedures.
Governance committees support these efforts and promote transparency enabling
improved management decision making. 

 An integrated risk and control framework
 facilitates the identification and mitigation of operational risk issues.  To
 accomplish this, our integrated risk and control framework is designed to:

 •

ensure first line accountability
 and ownership of risks and controls; 

•

promote role clarity among the
 business and risk and control functions;

•

enhance transparency, risk
 management governance and culture;

•

foster greater consistency in
 identifying, measuring and ranking material risks;

•

proactively address potential
 risk issues and assign clear ownership and accountability for risk treatment;
 and

•

manage the development of
 technology solutions that support the objectives above.

Insurance 
Risks

Insurance risk is defined as risk arising from
the uncertainty around the actual experience and/or policyholder behavior being
materially different than expected at the inception of an insurance contract.
These uncertainties include the amount and timing of cash flows from premiums,
commissions, expenses, claims and claim settlement expenses paid or received
under a contract.

Except as described above, we manage our business
risk oversight activities through our insurance operations. A primary goal in
managing our insurance operations is to achieve an acceptable risk-adjusted
return on equity. To achieve this goal, we must be disciplined in risk
selection, premium adequacy, and appropriate terms and conditions to cover the
risk accepted.  

We operate our insurance businesses on a
global basis, and we are exposed to a wide variety of risks with different time
horizons. We manage these risks throughout the organization, both centrally and
locally, through a number of procedures:

•

pre-launch
approval of product design, development and distribution;

•

underwriting
approval processes and authorities;

•

exposure
limits with ongoing monitoring;

•

management
of relationship between assets and liabilities, including hedging;

•

enhanced
pricing models;

150

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

•

modeling and reporting of aggregations and limit concentrations
at multiple levels (policy, line of business, product group, country, individual/group,
correlation and catastrophic risk events);

•

compliance
with financial reporting and capital and solvency targets;

•

use
of reinsurance, both internal and third-party; and

•

review
and challenge of reserves to ensure comprehensive analysis with established
escalation procedures to provide appropriate transparency in reserving
decisions and judgments made in the establishment of reserves.

We closely manage insurance risk by monitoring
and controlling the nature and geographic location of the risks in each line of
business underwritten, the terms and conditions of the underwriting and the
premiums we charge for taking on the risk. We analyze concentrations of risk
using various modeling techniques, including both probability distributions
(stochastic) and/or single-point estimates (deterministic) approaches.

Risk Identification

•

General Insurance
companies —

 risks covered include property, casualty,
fidelity/surety, accident and health, aviation, and management liability. We
manage risks in the General Insurance business through aggregations and
limitations of concentrations at multiple levels: policy, line of business,
geography, industry and legal entity. 

•

Life and Retirement companies —

risks include
mortality and morbidity in the insurance-oriented products and insufficient
cash flows to cover contract liabilities and longevity risk in the retirement
savings-oriented products. We manage risks through product design, sound
medical and non-medical underwriting, and external reinsurance programs.

We
purchase reinsurance for our insurance operations.

Reinsurance
facilitates insurance risk management (retention, volatility, concentrations)
and capital planning. We may purchase reinsurance on a pooled basis. Pooling of
our reinsurance risks enables us to purchase reinsurance more efficiently at a
consolidated level, manage global counterparty risk and relationships and
manage global catastrophe risks.

Governance

Insurance risks are monitored
at the business unit level within ERM and overseen by the business unit chief
risk officer, who reports directly to our CRO. The framework includes the
following key components:

•

written
policies that define the rules for our insurance risk-taking activities; 

•

a
limit framework focused on key insurance risks that aligns with our
Board-approved risk appetite statement; and

•

clearly
defined authorities for all individuals and committee roles and
responsibilities related to insurance risk management.

Risk Measurement,
Monitoring and Limits

 We use a number of approaches to
 measure our insurance risk exposure, including:

 Stochastic methods. 

Stochastic methods are
 used to measure and monitor risks including natural catastrophe, reserve and
 premium risk. We develop probabilistic estimates of risk based on our
 exposures, historical observed volatility or industry-recognized models in
 the case of catastrophe risk.

Scenario analysis. 

Scenario or deterministic
 analysis is used to measure and monitor risks such as terrorism or to
 estimate losses due to man-made catastrophic scenarios.

In addition, we monitor concentrations of
exposure through insurance limits aggregated along dimensions such as
geography, industry, or counterparty.

The risk monitoring responsibilities of the business units
include ensuring compliance with insurance risk limits and escalation and
remediation of limit breaches. Such activities are reported to management by
the relevant business unit for informative decision-making on a regular basis.
This monitoring approach is aligned with our overall risk limits framework. 

Risk limits have a consistent framework used across AIG, its
business units, and legal entities. This includes escalation thresholds in
cases where measurement is particularly challenging.  

For further information on our three-tiered hierarchy of
limits see Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement – Risk Limits
herein. 

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

151

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

General Insurance Companies’ Key
Risks

We manage our risks through risk review and
selection processes, exposure limitations, exclusions, deductibles,
self-insured retentions, coverage limits, attachment points, and reinsurance. This
management is supported by sound underwriting practices, pricing procedures and
the use of actuarial analysis to help determine overall adequacy of provisions
for insurance. Underwriting practices and pricing procedures incorporate
historical experience, changes in underlying exposure, current regulation and
judicial decisions as well as proposed or anticipated regulatory changes.

For General Insurance companies, risks
primarily include the following:

•

Loss Reserves –

 The 
potential
inadequacy of the liabilities we establish for unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses is a key risk faced by the General Insurance companies.
There is significant uncertainty in factors that may drive the ultimate development
of losses compared to our estimates of losses and loss adjustment expenses. We
manage this uncertainty through internal controls and oversight of the loss
reserve setting process, as well as reviews by external experts. 
For further
information see Critical Accounting Estimates – Insurance Liabilities – Loss
Reserves herein.

•

Underwriting –

 The po
tential
inadequacy of premiums charged for future risk periods on risks underwritten in
our portfolios can impact the General Insurance companies’ ability to achieve
an underwriting profit. We develop pricing based on our estimates of losses and
expenses, but factors such as market pressures and the inherent uncertainty and
complexity in estimating losses may result in premiums that are inadequate to
generate underwriting profit. This may be driven by adverse economic
conditions, unanticipated emergence of risks or increase in frequency of
claims, worse than expected prepayment of policies, investment results, or
unexpected or increased costs or expenses. 

•

Catastrophe Exposure –

 Our
business is exposed to various catastrophic events in which multiple losses can
occur and affect multiple lines of business in any calendar year. Natural
disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes and other catastrophes, have the potential
to adversely affect our operating results. Other risks, such as man-made
catastrophes or pandemic disease, could also adversely affect our business and
operating results to the extent they are covered by our insurance products.
Concentration of exposure in certain industries or geographies may cause us to
suffer disproportionate losses.

•

Single Risk Loss Exposure –

 Our
business is exposed to loss events that have the potential to generate losses
from a single insured client. Events such as fires or explosions can result in
loss activity for our clients. The net risk to us is managed to acceptable
limits established by our GRC through a combination of internal underwriting
standards and external reinsurance. Furthermore, single risk loss exposure is managed
and monitored on both a segregated and aggregated basis. 

•

Reinsurance –

 Since 
we
use reinsurance to limit our losses, we are exposed to risks associated with
reinsurance including the unrecoverability of expected payments from reinsurers
due to either an inability or unwillingness to pay, contracts that do not
respond properly to the event or actual reinsurance coverage that is different
than anticipated.
 The inability or unwillingness to pay is considered credit
risk and is monitored through our credit risk management framework.

Natural Catastrophe Risk

We manage catastrophe exposure with multiple
approaches such as setting risk limits based on aggregate Probable Maximum Loss
(PML) modeling, monitoring overall exposures and risk accumulations, and purchasing
catastrophe reinsurance through both the traditional reinsurance and capital
markets in addition to other reinsurance protections.

We use third-party catastrophe risk models and other tools
to evaluate and simulate frequency and severity of catastrophic events and
associated losses to our portfolios of exposures. We apply a proprietary
multi-model approach to account for relative strengths and weaknesses of vendor
models, and make adjustments to modeled losses to account for loss adjustment
expenses, model biases, data quality and non-modeled risks.

We perform post-catastrophe event studies to identify model
weaknesses, underwriting gaps, and improvement opportunities. 
Lessons learned from 
post-catastrophe event 
studies are incorporated into the modeling and underwriting
processes of risk pricing and selection. The majority of policies exposed to
catastrophic risks are one-year contracts that allow us to adjust our underwriting
guidelines, pricing and exposure accumulation in a relatively short period. 

We recognize that climate change has implications for
insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. With multiple levels
of risk management processes in place, we actively analyze the latest climate
science and policy to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing
models and strategic planning. For example, we continually consider changes in
climate and weather patterns as an integral part of the underwriting process.
In addition, we are committed to providing innovative insurance products and
services to help our clients be proactive against the threat of climate change,
including expanding natural disaster resilience, promoting adaptation, and
reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Our internal product development,
underwriting, modeling, and sustainability practices will continue to adapt to
and evolve with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change.

152

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Our natural catastrophe exposure
is primarily driven by the U.S. and Japan, though our overall exposure is
diversified across multiple countries. For example, we have exposures to
additional perils such as European windstorms and floods and seismic events
across the Pacific Rim. Within the U.S., we have significant hurricane exposure
in Florida, the Gulf of Mexico, the Northeast U.S. and mid-Atlantic regions.
Events impacting the Northeast U.S. and the mid-Atlantic may result in a higher
share of industry losses than other regions primarily due to our relative share
of exposure in those regions. Within the U.S., we have significant earthquake
exposure in California, the Pacific Northwest and New Madrid regions.
Earthquakes impacting the Pacific Northwest and New Madrid regions may result
in a higher share of industry losses than other regions primarily due to our
relative share of exposure in these regions.

The estimates below are the Occurrence Exceedance
Probability (OEP) losses, which reflect losses that may occur in any single event
due to the defined peril. The 1-in-100 and 1-in-250 PMLs are the probable
maximum losses from a single natural catastrophe event with probability of 1 percent
and 0.4 percent in a year, respectively.  

The following table presents an overview of OEP modeled
losses for top perils and countries: 

 At December 31, 2017

 Net of
 2018

 Net of
 2018

 Percent
 of Total

 (in millions)

 Gross 

 Reinsurance

 Reinsurance,
 After Tax(d)

 Shareholder
 Equity

 Exposures:

 U.S. Hurricane (1-in-100)(a)

 $

 4,767

 $

 1,109

 $

 876

 1.3

 %

 U.S. Earthquake
 (1-in-250)(b)

 6,461

 1,632

 1,289

 2.0

 Japanese Wind (1-in-100)

 1,028

 495

 346

 0.5

 Japanese Earthquake
 (1-in-250)(c)

 $

 1,043

 $

 630

 $

 441

 0.7

 %

(a)  The U.S. hurricane amount includes losses
to Property from hurricane hazards of wind and storm surge.

(b)  U.S. earthquake loss estimates represent
exposure to Property, Workers’ Compensation (U.S.) and A&H business lines.

(c)  Japan Earthquake represents exposure to
Property and A&H business lines.

(d)  Taxed at statutory rate of 21 percent and
30 percent for the U.S. and Japanese modeled losses, respectively.

The OEP estimates provided above reflect our
in-force portfolios at September 30, 2017, for both U.S. and Japan exposures.
The catastrophe reinsurance program is as of January 1, 2018.

AIG, along with other property casualty insurance and
reinsurance companies, uses industry-recognized catastrophe models and applies
proprietary modeling processes and assumptions to arrive at loss estimates. The
use of different methodologies and assumptions could materially change the
projected losses. Since there is no industry standard for assumptions and
preparation of insured data for use in these models, our modeled losses may not
be comparable to estimates made by other companies. 

Also, the modeled results are based on the assumption that
all reinsurers fulfill their obligations to us under the terms of the
reinsurance arrangements and all catastrophe bonds attach and pay as modeled.
However, reinsurance recoverable may not be fully collectible. In particular,
the use of catastrophe bonds may not provide commensurate levels of protection
compared to traditional reinsurance transactions. Therefore, these estimates
are inherently uncertain and may not accurately reflect our exposure to these
events. 

Our 2018 catastrophe reinsurance program
provides protection on both an aggregate and occurrence basis with respect to
North American exposures including United States, Canada, Mexico and the
Caribbean.

•

Aggregate protection

 protects us against a
high frequency of losses from certain events including windstorm, severe
convective storm, earthquake, wildfire, and flood. Under this part of the
program, AIG can recover up to $2.75 billion of aggregate losses in excess of
$750 million. The event deductible is $100 million initially, but increases to
$250 million for individual events greater than $750 million after the $750
million aggregate retention is exhausted. This protection will also cover a
large event, providing coverage of up to $2 billion after the aggregate
retention of $750 million is exhausted.

•

Occurrence protection

 is provided primarily on
a $2 billion excess of $2 billion basis, with one reinstatement, with an
additional $750 million excess of $4 billion on top of that but with no
reinstatement. The $750 million excess of $4 billion layer is shared with the
top $750 million layer of aggregate protections, such that, only a total of
$750 million of limit is available across those two layers. 

Additional multi-year coverages purchased in
prior years provide additional coverage at various points of the program,
including $125 million that is part of $500 million excess of $4.5 billion
coverage from the catastrophe bond reinsurance contract we entered into with
Tradewynd Re Ltd. in 2014.

In addition, we continue to purchase specific covers to
protect against catastrophic events in Japan and have also purchased protection
against severe losses for other international locations on a global basis.

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

153

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Actual results in any period are likely
to vary, perhaps materially, from the modeled scenarios. The occurrence of one or
more severe events could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

For additional information see also Item 1A. Risk Factors
— Reserves and Exposures.

Terrorism Risk

We
actively monitor terrorism risk and manage exposures to losses from terrorist
attacks

. We have set risk limits based on
modeled losses from certain terrorism attack scenarios. Terrorism risks are
modeled using a third-party vendor model for various terrorism attack modes and
scenarios. Adjustments are made to account for vendor model gaps and the nature
of the General Insurance companies’ exposures. Examples of modeled scenarios
are conventional bombs of different sizes, anthrax attacks and nuclear attacks.

Our largest
terrorism exposures are in New York City, and estimated losses are largely
driven by the Property and Workers’ Compensation lines of business. At our
largest exposure location, modeled losses for a five-ton bomb attack net of the
Terrorism Risk Insurance Program (TRIP) and reinsurance recoveries are
estimated to be $2.4 billion as of September 30, 2017. 

Our exposure to
terrorism risk in the U.S. is mitigated by TRIP in addition to limited private reinsurance
protections. TRIP covers terrorist attacks within the United States or U.S.
missions and against certain U.S. carriers or vessels and excludes certain
lines of business as specified by applicable law. In 2018, TRIP covers 82 percent
of insured losses above a deductible, decreasing by one percent each year to 80
percent in 2020. The current estimate of our deductible is approximately $2.2
billion for 2017. 

We offer
terrorism coverage in many other countries through various insurance products
and participate in country terrorism pools when applicable. International
terrorism exposure is estimated using scenario-based modeling and exposure
concentration is monitored routinely. Targeted reinsurance purchases are made
for some lines of business to cover potential losses due to terrorist attacks.

 We also rely on the government-sponsored and government-arranged
terrorism reinsurance programs, including pools, in force in applicable non-U.S.
jurisdictions.

Life and Retirement Companies’ Key Risks

We manage risk through product design, experience
monitoring, pricing actions, risk limitations, reinsurance and active
monitoring and management of the relationships between assets and liabilities,
including hedging.

For Life and Retirement companies, risks
include the following:

•

Longevity risk – 

represents the risk of a change in
value of a policy or benefit as a result of actual mortality rates being lower
than the expected mortality rates. This risk could arise from longer-term
societal health changes as well as other factors. This risk exists in a number
of our product lines but is most significant for our pension risk transfer,
structured settlement, and annuity products.

•

Morbidity risk – 

represents the risk arising from
actual morbidity (i.e,. illness, disability or disease) incidence being higher
than expected or the length of the claims extending longer than expected
resulting in a higher overall benefit payout. This risk could arise from
longer-term medical advances in detection and treatment for various diseases
and medical conditions, as well as other factors. This risk exists in certain
product lines such as group benefits, health and long-term care businesses.

•

Mortality risk – 

represents the
risk of loss arising from actual mortality rates being higher than expected
mortality rates. This risk could arise from pandemics or other events,
including longer-term societal changes that cause higher-than-expected
mortality. This risk exists in a number of our product lines, but is most
significant for our life insurance products.

•

Policyholder behavior risk including full and partial surrender/lapse
risk – 

represents
the risk that actual policyholder behavior differs from expected behavior in a
manner that has an adverse effect on our operating results. There are many related
assumptions made when products are sold, including how long the contracts will persist
and other assumptions which impact the expected utilization of contract
benefits and features. Actual experience can vary significantly from these
assumptions. This risk is impacted by a number of factors including changes in
market conditions, especially changes in the levels of interest rate and equity
markets, tax law, regulations, competitive landscape and policyholder
preferences. This risk exists in the majority of our product lines.

The emergence of significant adverse experience
compared to the initial assumptions at policy issuance or updated assumption
would require an adjustment to DAC and benefit reserves, which could have a
material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations for a
particular period. 

For additional discussion
of the impact of actual and expected experience on DAC and benefit reserves see
Critical Accounting Estimates – Future Policy Benefits for Life and Accident
and Health Insurance Contracts and Critical Accounting Estimates – Guaranteed
Benefit Features of Variable Annuity Products. For additional discussion of
business risks see Item 1A. Risk Factors — Business and Operations.

154

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Variable Annuity Risk
Management and Hedging Programs

Our Individual and Group Retirement businesses
offer variable annuity products with GMWB riders that guarantee a certain level
of benefits. GMWB guaranteed living benefits are accounted for as embedded
derivatives measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value recorded in
Other realized capital gains (losses). GMWB features subject the Life and
Retirement companies to market risk, including exposure to changes in interest
rates, equity prices, credit spreads and market volatility.

Variable annuity product design is the first step in
managing our exposure to these market risks. Risk mitigation features of our
variable annuity product design include GMWB rider fees indexed to an equity
market volatility index, which can provide additional fee assessments in
periods of increased market volatility, required minimum allocations to fixed
accounts to reduce overall equity exposure, and the utilization of volatility
control funds, which reduce equity exposure in the funds in response to changes
in market volatility, even under sudden or extreme market movements.

After reflecting our product risk-mitigating features, we
hedge our remaining economic exposure to market risk within GMWB features
through our variable annuity hedging program, which is designed to offset
certain changes in the economic value of these GMWB embedded derivatives,
within established thresholds. The hedging program is designed to provide
additional protection against large and combined movements in interest rates,
equity prices, credit spreads and market volatility under multiple scenarios.

Our hedging program utilizes an economic hedge target, which
represents our estimate of the underlying economic risks in our GMWB riders,
based on the present value of the future expected benefit payments for the
GMWB, less the present value of future rider fees, over numerous stochastic
scenarios. This stochastic projection method uses best estimate assumptions for
policyholder behavior (including mortality, lapses, withdrawals and benefit
utilization) in conjunction with market scenarios calibrated to observable
equity and interest rate option prices. Policyholder behaviors are regularly
evaluated to compare current assumptions to actual experience and, if
appropriate, changes are made to the policyholder behavior assumptions. The
risk of changes in policyholder behavior is not explicitly hedged and such
differences between expected and actual policyholder behaviors will result in
hedge ineffectiveness.

Due to differences between the calculation of the economic
hedge target and U.S. GAAP valuation of the embedded derivative, which include
differences in the treatment of rider fees and exclusion of certain risk
margins and other differences in discount rates, we expect relative movements
in the economic hedge target and the U.S. GAAP embedded derivative valuation
will vary over time with changes in equity markets, interest rates and credit
spreads. 

For information on the impact on our consolidated pre-tax
income from the change in fair value of the embedded derivatives and the
hedging portfolio, as well as additional discussion of differences between the
economic hedge target and the valuation of the embedded derivatives see
Insurance Reserves – Life and Annuity Reserves and DAC – Variable Annuity
Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results

. 

In designing our hedging portfolio for our variable annuity
hedging program, we make assumptions and projections about the future
performance of the underlying contract holder funds. To project future account
value changes, we make assumptions about how each of the underlying funds will
perform. We map the contract holder funds to a set of publicly traded indices
that we believe best represent the liability to be hedged. Basis risk exists
due to the variance between these assumptions and actual fund returns, which
may result in variances between changes in the hedging portfolio and changes in
the economic hedge target. Net hedge results and the cost of hedging are also
impacted by differences between realized volatility and implied volatility.

For index annuity and universal life products, we have a hedging
program designed to manage the index crediting strategies associated with index
annuity and index life products. This hedging program is designed to offset the
economic risk with respect to the index returns for the current crediting rate
reset period, and utilizes derivative instruments, including but not limited to
equity index options and futures contracts. Similarly as with the variable
annuities, there are differences between the calculation of the economic hedge
target and U.S. GAAP valuation of the index annuity and index life embedded
derivatives, which can lead to variances in their relative movements.

To manage the capital market exposures embedded within the
economic hedge target, we identify and hedge market sensitivities to changes in
equity markets, interest rates, volatility and for variable annuities, credit
spreads. Each hedge program purchases derivative instruments or securities
having sensitivities that offset those in the economic hedge target, within
internally defined threshold levels. Since the relative movements of the
hedging portfolio and the economic hedge target vary over time or with market
changes, the net exposure can be outside the threshold limits, and adjustments
to the hedging portfolio are made periodically to return the net exposure to
within threshold limits. 

Our hedging programs utilize various derivative instruments,
including but not limited to equity options, futures contracts, interest rate
swaps and swaption contracts, as well as other hedging instruments. In addition,
for variable annuities, we purchase certain fixed income securities and elect
the fair value option as a capital efficient way to manage interest rate and
credit spread exposures. To 

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

155

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

minimize counterparty
credit risk, the majority of our derivative instrument hedges are implemented
using exchange-traded futures and options, cleared through global exchanges.
Over the counter derivatives are highly collateralized.

The hedging programs are monitored on a daily basis to
ensure that the economic hedge target and derivative portfolio are within the
threshold limits, pursuant to the approved hedge strategy. Daily risk
monitoring verifies that the net risk exposures, as measured through
sensitivities to a large set of market shocks, are within the approved net risk
exposure threshold limits. In addition, monthly stress tests are performed to
determine the program’s effectiveness relative to the applicable limits, under
an array of combined severe market stresses in equity prices, interest rates,
volatility and credit spreads. Finally, hedge strategies are reviewed regularly
to gauge their effectiveness in managing our market exposures in the context of
our overall risk appetite.

Reinsurance Activities

Reinsurance is used primarily to manage overall capital adequacy
and mitigate the insurance loss (Life and Non-Life) exposure related to certain
events such as natural and man-made catastrophes or death events. Our
subsidiaries operate worldwide primarily by underwriting and accepting risks
for their direct account on a gross basis and reinsuring a portion of the
exposure on either an individual risk or an aggregate basis to the extent those
risks exceed the desired retention level. In addition, as a condition of
certain direct underwriting transactions, we may be required by clients, agents
or regulation to cede all or a portion of risks to specified reinsurance
entities, such as captives, other insurers, local reinsurers and compulsory
pools.

Reinsurance markets include:

•

Traditional
local and global reinsurance markets including those in the United States,
Bermuda, London and Europe, accessed directly and through reinsurance
intermediaries;

•

Capital
markets through insurance-linked securities and collateralized reinsurance
transactions, such as catastrophe bonds, 
sidecars and
similar vehicles; and

•

Other
insurers that engage in both direct and assumed reinsurance.

The form of reinsurance we may choose from time to time
will generally depend on whether we are seeking:

•

proportional
reinsurance, whereby we cede a specified percentage of premiums and losses to
reinsurers;

•

non-proportional
or excess of loss reinsurance, whereby we cede all or a specified portion of
losses in excess of a specified amount on a per risk, per occurrence (including
catastrophe reinsurance) or aggregate basis; or

•

facultative
contracts that reinsure individual policies.

We continually evaluate the relative
attractiveness of different forms of reinsurance contracts and different
markets that may be used to achieve our risk and profitability objectives.

Reinsurance contracts do not relieve our subsidiaries from
their direct obligations to insureds. However, an effective reinsurance program
substantially mitigates our exposure to potentially significant losses.

In certain markets, we are required to participate on a
proportional basis in reinsurance pools based on our relative share of direct
writings in those markets. Such mandatory reinsurance generally covers
higher-risk consumer exposures such as assigned-risk automobile and earthquake,
as well as certain commercial exposures such as workers’ compensation.

Reinsurance Recoverable

AIG’s reinsurance
recoverable assets are comprised of:

•

Paid
losses recoverable – balances due from reinsurers for losses and loss
adjustment expenses paid by our subsidiaries and billed, but not yet collected.

•

Ceded
loss reserves – ultimate ceded reserves for losses and loss adjustment
expenses, including reserves for claims reported but not yet paid and estimates
for IBNR.

•

Ceded
reserves for unearned premiums.

•

Life
and Annuity reinsurance recoverables (ceded policy and claim reserves).

156

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

At December 31, 2017, total reinsurance recoverable
assets were $33.0 billion. These assets include general reinsurance paid
losses recoverable of $1.4 billion, ceded loss reserves of $26.9 billion
including reserves for incurred but not reported (IBNR) claims, and ceded
reserves for unearned premiums of $3.1 billion, as well as life reinsurance
recoverable of $1.6 billion. The methods used to estimate IBNR and to
establish the resulting ultimate losses involve projecting the frequency and
severity of losses over multiple years. These methods are continually reviewed
and updated by management. Any adjustments are reflected in income. We believe
that the amount recorded for ceded loss reserves at December 31, 2017 reflects
a reasonable estimate of the ultimate losses recoverable. Actual losses may,
however, differ from the reserves currently ceded. 

The
Reinsurance Credit Department (RCD) conducts periodic detailed assessments of
the financial strength and condition of current and potential reinsurers, both
foreign and domestic. The RCD monitors both the financial condition of
reinsurers as well as the total reinsurance recoverable ceded to reinsurers,
and sets limits with regard to the amount and type of exposure we are willing
to take with reinsurers. As part of these assessments, we attempt to identify
whether a reinsurer is appropriately licensed, assess its financial capacity
and liquidity, and evaluate the local economic and financial environment in
which a foreign reinsurer operates. The RCD reviews the nature of the risks
ceded and the need for measures, including collateral to mitigate credit risk.
For example, in our treaty reinsurance contracts, we frequently include
provisions that require a reinsurer to post collateral or use other measures to
reduce exposure when a referenced event occurs. Furthermore, we limit our
unsecured exposure to reinsurers through the use of credit triggers such as
insurer financial strength rating downgrades, declines in regulatory capital,
or relevant risk-based capital (RBC) ratios fall below certain levels. We also
set maximum limits for reinsurance recoverable exposure, which in some cases is
the recoverable amount plus an estimate of the maximum potential exposure from
unexpected events for a reinsurer. In addition, credit executives within ERM
review reinsurer exposures and credit limits and approve reinsurer credit
limits above specified levels. Finally, even where we conclude that
uncollateralized credit risk is acceptable, we require collateral from active
reinsurance counterparties where it is necessary for our subsidiaries to
recognize the reinsurance recoverable assets for statutory accounting purposes.
At December 31, 2017, we held $20.5 billion of collateral, in the form of
funds withheld, securities in reinsurance trust accounts and/or irrevocable
letters of credit, in support of reinsurance recoverable assets from
unaffiliated reinsurers. We believe that no exposure to a single reinsurer
represents an inappropriate concentration of risk to AIG, nor is our business
substantially dependent upon any single reinsurance contract.

The following table presents information for each
reinsurer representing in excess of five percent of our total reinsurance recoverable
assets:

 At December 31, 2017

 A.M.

 Gross

 Percent
 of

 Uncollateralized

 S&P

 Best

 Reinsurance

 Reinsurance

 Collateral

 Reinsurance

 (in millions)

 Rating
(a)

 Rating
(a)

 Assets

 Assets
(b)

 Held
(c)

 Assets

 Reinsurer:

 Berkshire Hathaway Group of Companies

 AA+

 A++

 $

 13,707

 (d)

 41.5

 %

 $

 13,265

 $

 442

 Swiss Reinsurance Group of Companies

 AA-

 A+

 $

 4,341

 13.1

 %

 $

 2,371

 $

 1,970

(a)  The
financial strength ratings reflect the ratings of the various reinsurance
subsidiaries of the companies listed as of February 8, 2018.

(b)  Total
reinsurance assets include both Property Casualty and Life and Retirement
reinsurance recoverable.

(c)  Excludes
collateral held in excess of applicable treaty balances. 

(d)  Includes
$13.2 billion recoverable under the 2011 retroactive asbestos reinsurance
transaction and the 2017 Adverse Development Reinsurance agreement. 

At
December 31, 2017, we had no significant reinsurance recoverable due from any
individual reinsurer that was financially troubled. Reinsurer capital levels
continued to increase in 2017, thereby increasing the industry’s underwriting
capacity, which resulted in continued competition and lower rates for 2018
renewals. Reduced profitability associated with lower rates could potentially
result in reduced capacity or rating downgrades for some reinsurers. The RCD,
in conjunction with the credit executives within ERM, reviews these
developments, monitors compliance with credit triggers that may require the
reinsurer to post collateral, and seeks to use other appropriate means to
mitigate any material risks arising from these developments. 

For further
discussion of reinsurance recoverable see Critical Accounting Estimates –
Reinsurance Assets

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

157

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Other BUSINESS RiskS

Derivative Transactions 

We
utilize derivatives principally to enable us to hedge exposure to interest
rates, currencies, credit, commodities, equities and other risks. Credit risk
associated with derivative counterparties exists for a derivative contract when
that contract has a positive fair value to us. The maximum potential exposure
will increase or decrease during the life of the derivative commitments as a
function of maturity and market conditions. All derivative transactions must be
transacted within counterparty limits that have been approved by ERM.

We evaluate
counterparty credit quality by internal analysis consistent with the AIG Credit
Policy. We utilize various credit enhancements, including letters of credit,
guarantees, collateral, credit triggers, credit derivatives, margin agreements
and subordination to reduce the credit risk relating to outstanding financial
derivative transactions. We require credit enhancements in connection with
specific transactions based on, among other things, the creditworthiness of the
counterparties, and transaction size and maturity. Furthermore, we enter into
certain agreements that have the benefit of set-off and close-out netting
provisions, such as ISDA Master Agreements. These provisions provide that, in
the case of an early termination of a transaction, we can set off receivables
from a counterparty against payables to the same counterparty arising out of
all covered transactions. As a result, where a legally enforceable netting
agreement exists, the fair value of the transaction with the counterparty
represents the net sum of estimated fair values.

The fair value
of our interest rate, currency, credit, commodity and equity swaps, options,
swaptions, and forward commitments, futures, and forward contracts reported as
a component of Other assets, was approximately $0.9 billion at December
31, 2017 and $1.8 billion at December 31, 2016. Where applicable, these
amounts have been determined in accordance with the respective master netting
agreements.

The following table presents the fair value of our derivatives
portfolios in asset positions by internal counterparty credit rating:

 At December 31,

 (in millions)

 2017

 2016

 Rating:

    AAA

 $

 12

 $

 68

    AA

 5

 12

    A

 151

 163

    BBB

 526

 1,338

    Below investment grade*

 228

 228

 Total

 $

 922

 $

 1,809

*   Below investment grade includes not
rated.

For
additional discussion related to derivative transactions see Note 11 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

158

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Glossary

Glos
sary

Accident
year 

The annual calendar accounting period in which loss events
occurred, regardless of when the losses are actually reported, booked or paid.

Accident
year combined ratio, as adjusted

  The
combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums,
prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve
discounting. 

Accident
year loss ratio, as adjusted 

 The loss
ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums, prior
year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve
discounting. 

Acquisition
ratio

  Acquisition costs divided by net
premiums earned.  Acquisition costs are those costs incurred to acquire
new and renewal insurance contracts and also include the amortization of VOBA
and DAC. Acquisition costs vary with sales and include, but are not limited to,
commissions, premium taxes, direct marketing costs and certain costs of
personnel engaged in sales support activities such as underwriting. 

Additional
premium 

represents a premium on an
insurance policy over and above the initial premium imposed at the beginning of
the policy. An additional premium may be assessed if the insured’s risk is
found to have increased significantly.

Adjusted
revenues

exclude Net realized capital gains (losses), income from
non-operating litigation settlements (included in Other income for GAAP
purposes) and changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed
living benefits (included in Net investment income for GAAP purposes).

Assets under administration

include
assets under management and Retail Mutual Funds and Group Retirement mutual
fund assets that we sell or administer. 

Assets under management

 include assets in the
general and separate accounts of our subsidiaries that support liabilities and
surplus related to our life and annuity insurance products and the notional
value of stable value wrap contracts.

Base
Spread

Net investment income excluding income from alternative
investments and other enhancements, less interest credited excluding
amortization of sales inducement assets.

Base
Yield

  Net investment income excluding
income from alternative investments and other enhancements, as a percentage of
average base invested asset portfolio, which excludes alternative investments,
other bond securities and certain other investments for which the fair value
option has been elected.

Book
value per common share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI)
and Book value per common share, excluding AOCI and deferred tax assets (DTA)
(Adjusted book value per common share) 

are
non-GAAP measures and are used to show the amount of our net worth on a
per-share basis. 

Book value per common share
excluding AOCI is derived by dividing total AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding
AOCI, by total common shares outstanding. Adjusted book value per common share
is derived by dividing total AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding AOCI and DTA
(Adjusted Shareholders’ Equity), by total common shares outstanding. 

Casualty
insurance

  Insurance that is primarily
associated with the losses caused by injuries to third persons, i.e., not the
insured, and the legal liability imposed on the insured as a result.

Combined
ratio

  Sum of the loss ratio and the
acquisition and general operating expense ratios.

CSA

Credit Support Annex

  A legal document generally
associated with an ISDA Master Agreement that provides for collateral postings
which could vary depending on ratings and threshold levels.

CVA

Credit Valuation Adjustment  

The CVA adjusts the
valuation of derivatives to account for nonperformance risk of our counterparty
with respect to all net derivative assets positions. Also, the CVA reflects the
fair value movement in AIGFP's asset portfolio that is attributable to credit
movements only, without the impact of other market factors such as interest
rates and foreign exchange rates. Finally, the CVA also accounts for our own
credit risk in the fair value measurement of all derivative net liability
positions and liabilities where AIG has elected the fair value option, when
appropriate. 

DAC

Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs

  Deferred costs
that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new
business or renewal of existing business.

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

159

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Glossary

DAC Related
to Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of Investments 

An adjustment to DAC
and Reserves for investment-oriented products, equal to the change in DAC and
Unearned Revenue amortization that would have been recorded if fixed maturity
and equity securities available for sale had been sold at their stated
aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields.  An
adjustment to benefit reserves for investment-oriented products is also
recognized to reflect the application of the benefit ratio to the accumulated
assessments that would have been recorded if fixed maturity and equity securities
available for sale had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the
proceeds reinvested at current yields (collectively referred to as “shadow
Investment-Oriented Adjustments”).

For
long-duration traditional products, significant unrealized appreciation of
investments in a sustained low interest rate environment may cause additional
future policy benefit liabilities to be recorded (shadow loss reserves).

Deferred
Gain on Retroactive Reinsurance

Retroactive reinsurance is a reinsurance contract in which
an assuming entity agrees to reimburse a ceding entity for liabilities incurred
as a result of past insurable events. If the amount of premium paid by the
ceding reinsurer is less than the related ceded loss reserves, the resulting
gain is deferred and amortized over the settlement period of the reserves. Any
related development on the ceded loss reserves recoverable under the contract
would increase the deferred gain if unfavorable, or decrease the deferred gain
if favorable.

Expense
ratio

  Sum of acquisition expenses and
general operating expenses, divided by net premiums earned.

General
operating expense ratio

  General operating
expenses divided by net premiums earned. General operating expenses are those
costs that are generally attributed to the support infrastructure of the
organization and include but are not limited to personnel costs, projects and
bad debt expenses. General operating expenses exclude losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred, acquisition expenses, and investment expenses.

GIC/GIA

Guaranteed Investment Contract/Guaranteed Investment
Agreement

  A contract whereby the seller provides a guaranteed repayment of
principal and a fixed or floating interest rate for a predetermined period of
time.

G-SII

Global Systemically Important Insurer

  An insurer
that is deemed globally systemically important (that is, of such size, market
importance and global interconnectedness that the distress or failure of the
insurer would cause significant dislocation in the global financial system and
adverse economic consequences across a range of countries) by the Financial
Stability Board, in consultation with and based on a methodology developed by
the International Association of Insurance Supervisors.

IBNR

Incurred But Not Reported

  Estimates of claims
that have been incurred but not reported to us.

ISDA
Master Agreement

  An agreement between two
counterparties, which may have multiple derivative transactions with each other
governed by such agreement, that generally provides for the net settlement of
all or a specified group of these derivative transactions, as well as pledged
collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in the event of a
default on, or affecting any, one derivative transaction or a termination event
affecting all, or a specified group of, derivative transactions.

LAE

Loss Adjustment Expenses

  The expenses directly
attributed to settling and paying claims of insureds and include, but are not
limited to, legal fees, adjuster’s fees and the portion of general expenses allocated
to claim settlement costs. 

Loss
Ratio

  Losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred divided by net premiums earned. 

Loss
reserve development 

 The increase or
decrease in incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses related to prior years

as a result of the
re-estimation of loss reserves at successive valuation dates for a given group
of claims.

Loss
reserves  

Liability for unpaid losses and
loss adjustment expenses. The estimated ultimate cost of settling claims
relating to insured events that have occurred on or before the balance sheet
date, whether or not reported to the insurer at that date.

Loan-to-Value
Ratio

  Principal amount of loan amount
divided by appraised value of collateral securing the loan.

Master
netting agreement

  An agreement between
two counterparties who have multiple derivative contracts with each other that
provides for the net settlement of all contracts covered by such agreement, as
well as pledged collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in
the event of default on or upon termination of any one such contract.

Natural
catastrophe and man-made losses

are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact
on AIG in excess of $10 million each and also include certain man-made events,
such as terrorism and civil disorders that meet the $10 million threshold.

Net
premiums written

 represent the sales of an
insurer, adjusted for reinsurance premiums assumed and ceded, during a given
period. Net premiums earned are the revenue of an insurer for covering risk during
a given period. Net premiums written are a measure of performance for a sales
period, while Net premiums earned are a measure of performance for a coverage
period.

160

AIG | 2017 Form
10-K

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

Glossary

Noncontrolling
interest

  The portion of equity ownership
in a consolidated subsidiary not attributable to the controlling parent
company.

Policy
fees

  An amount added to a policy premium,
or deducted from a policy cash value or contract holder account, to reflect the
cost of issuing a policy, establishing the required records, sending premium
notices and other related expenses.

Pool

 A reinsurance arrangement whereby all of
the underwriting results of the pool members are combined and then shared by
each member in accordance with its pool participation percentage. 

Premiums
and deposits – Life and Retirement

 include
direct and assumed amounts received on traditional life insurance policies and
group benefit policies, and deposits on life-contingent payout annuities, as
well as deposits received on universal life, investment-type annuity contracts
and mutual funds.

Prior
year development  

See
Loss reserve development

.

RBC

  Risk-Based Capital

A formula designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer’s statutory surplus
compared to the risks inherent in its business.

Reinstatement
premium

  Additional premiums payable to
reinsurers to restore coverage limits that have been exhausted as a result of
reinsured losses under certain excess of loss reinsurance treaties.

Reinsurance

  The practice whereby one insurer, the reinsurer, in
consideration of a premium paid to that insurer, agrees to indemnify another
insurer, the ceding company, for part or all of the liability of the ceding
company under one or more policies or contracts of insurance which it has
issued.

Retroactive
Reinsurance 

S 

ee Deferred Gain on Retroactive Reinsurance

.

Return
on equity – Adjusted after-tax income excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted Return
on Equity)

is a non-GAAP measure and is used to show the rate of
return on shareholders’ equity. Adjusted Return on Equity is derived by dividing
actual or annualized adjusted after-tax income attributable to AIG by average
Adjusted Shareholders’ Equity. 

Return
premium

 represents amounts given back to
the insured in the case of a cancellation, an adjustment to the rate or an
overpayment of an advance premium.

Salvage

The amount that can be recovered by an insurer for the sale
of damaged goods for which a policyholder has been indemnified (and to which
title was transferred).

Severe
losses 

are defined as non-catastrophic
individual first-party losses, surety and trade credit losses greater than $10
million, net of related reinsurance and salvage and subrogation.

SIA

Sales Inducement Asset

  Represents enhanced
crediting rates or bonus payments to contract holders on certain annuity and
investment contract products that meet the criteria to be deferred and
amortized over the life of the contract.

Solvency
II

 Legislation
in the European Union which reforms the insurance industry’s solvency
framework, including minimum capital and solvency requirements, governance
requirements, risk management and public reporting standards.  The Solvency II
Directive (2009/138/EEC) was adopted on November 25, 2009 and became effective
on January 1, 2016.

Subrogation

The
amount of recovery for claims we have paid our policyholders, generally from a
negligent third party or such party’s insurer.

Surrender
charge

  A charge levied against an
investor for the early withdrawal of funds from a life insurance or annuity
contract, or for the cancellation of the agreement. 

Surrender
rate

 represents annualized surrenders and
withdrawals as a percentage of average reserves and Group Retirement mutual
fund assets under administration.

Unearned
premium reserve

Liabilities established by insurers and reinsurers to
reflect unearned premiums, which are usually refundable to policyholders if an
insurance or reinsurance contract is canceled prior to expiration of the
contract term.

VOBA  

Value of Business Acquired

  Present value of
projected future gross profits from in-force policies of acquired businesses.

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

161

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Acronyms

Acrony
ms

 A&H

 Accident and Health Insurance

 GMWB

 Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits

 ABS

 Asset-Backed Securities

 ISDA

 International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.

 CDO

  Collateralized Debt Obligations

 Moody's

 Moody's Investors’ Service Inc.

 CDS

 Credit Default Swap

 NAIC

 National Association of Insurance Commissioners

 CMA

 Capital Maintenance Agreement

 NM

 Not Meaningful

 CMBS

 Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities

 OTC

 Over-the-Counter

 EGPs

 Estimated gross profits

 OTTI

 Other-Than-Temporary Impairment

 FASB

 Financial Accounting Standards Board

 RMBS

 Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities

 FRBNY

 Federal Reserve Bank of New York

 S&P

 Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC

 GAAP

  Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America

 SEC

 Securities and Exchange Commission

 GMDB

 Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefits

 URR

 Unearned revenue reserve

 VIE

 Variable Interest Entity

162

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7A | 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk

ITEM 7A | 

Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk

The
information required by this item is set forth in the Enterprise Risk
Management section of Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations and is incorporated herein by
reference.

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

163

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Part
II

ITEM 8 | 
Fin
ancial
Statements and Supplementary Data

American International Group, Inc. 

Reference to Financial
Statements and Schedules

 Page

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 Report of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm

 165

 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets at December 31, 2017 and 2016

 166

 Consolidated
 Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015

 167

 Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31,
 2017, 2016 and 2015

 168

 Consolidated
 Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015

 169 

 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015

 170 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 NOTE 1.

 Basis of Presentation

 172

 NOTE 2

.

 Summary of Significant Accounting
 Policies

 174

 NOTE 3.

 Segment
 Information

 180

 NOTE 4.

 Held-for-Sale Classification

 184

 NOTE 5.

 Fair Value Measurements

 185

 NOTE 6.

 Investments

 205

 NOTE 7.

 Lending Activities

 218

 NOTE 8.

 Reinsurance

 220

 NOTE 9.

 Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs

 223

 NOTE 10.

 Variable Interest Entities

 225

 NOTE 11.

 Derivatives and Hedge Accounting

 227

 NOTE 12.

 Goodwill

 231

 NOTE 13

.

 Insurance
 Liabilities

 233

 NOTE 14.

 Variable Life and Annuity Contracts

 263

 NOTE 15.

 Debt

 265

 NOTE 16.

 Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees

 267

 NOTE 17

.

 Equity

 270

 NOTE 18.

 Earnings
 Per Share

 275

 NOTE 19.

 Statutory Financial Data and Restrictions

 276

 NOTE 20.

 Share-based and Other Compensation
 Plans

 278

 NOTE 21.

 Employee Benefits

 281

 NOTE 22.

 Ownership

 289

 NOTE 23

.

 Income
 Taxes

 289

 NOTE 24.

 Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)

 298

 NOTE 25.

 Information Provided in Connection
 With Outstanding Debt

 299

 NOTE 26

 Subsequent
 Events

 306

 Schedules

 SCHEDULE
 I

 Summary of
 Investments — Other than Investments in Related Parties at December 31, 2017

 317

 SCHEDULE
 II

 Condensed
 Financial Information of Registrant at December 31, 2017 and 2016 and for the
 years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015

 318

 SCHEDULE
 III

 Supplementary
 Insurance Information at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 and for the years
 then ended

 322

 SCHEDULE
 IV

 Reinsurance
 at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 and for the years then ended

 323

 SCHEDULE
 V

 Valuation
 and Qualifying Accounts at December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 and for the years
 then ended

 324

164

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 

|

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors
and Shareholders of American International Group, Inc.:

Opinions on the Financial
Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of American International Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of December 31,
2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive
income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2017, including the related notes and financial statement
schedules listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the
“consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2017 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.  Also in our opinion, the Company
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions

The Company's management is responsible for these
consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A in the Annual
Report on the Form 10-K.  Our responsibility is to express opinions on the
Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal
control over financial reporting based on our audits.  We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the PCAOB.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects.  

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the
consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
performing procedures that respond to those risks.  Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in
the consolidated financial statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial
statements.  Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
risk.  Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of
Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

New York, New York

February 16, 2018

We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 1980.

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

165

TABLE OF CONTENTS

American International Group, Inc.

Consolidated Balance Sheet

s

 December
 31,

 December
 31,

 (in millions, except for share data)

 2017

 2016

 Assets:

 Investments:

 Fixed maturity securities:

 Bonds available for sale, at fair value (amortized cost: 2017 -
 $225,461; 2016 - $232,241)

 $

 238,992

 $

 241,537

 Other bond securities, at fair value 
(See Note 6)

 12,772

 13,998

 Equity Securities:

 Common and preferred stock available for sale, at fair value
 (cost: 2017 - $1,305; 2016 - $1,697)

 1,708

 2,078

 Other common and preferred stock, at fair value 
(See Note 6)

 589

 482

 Mortgage and other loans receivable, net of allowance (portion
 measured at fair value: 2017 - $5; 2016 - $11)

 37,023

 33,240

 Other invested assets (portion measured at fair value: 2017 -
 $6,248; 2016 - $6,946)

 20,822

 24,538

 Short-term investments (portion measured at fair value: 2017 -
 $2,615; 2016 - $3,341)

 10,386

 12,302

 Total investments

 322,292

 328,175

 Cash

 2,362

 1,868

 Accrued investment income

 2,356

 2,495

 Premiums and other receivables, net of allowance

 10,248

 10,465

 Reinsurance assets, net of allowance

 33,024

 21,901

 Deferred income taxes

 14,033

 21,332

 Deferred policy acquisition costs

 10,994

 11,042

 Other assets, including restricted cash of $317 in 2017 and $193
 in 2016

 10,194

 10,815

 (portion measured at fair value: 2017 - $922; 2016 - $1,809)

 Separate account assets, at fair value

 92,798

 82,972

 Assets held for sale

 -

 7,199

 Total assets

 $

 498,301

 $

 498,264

 Liabilities:

 Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses

 $

 78,393

 $

 77,077

 Unearned premiums

 19,030

 19,634

 Future policy benefits for life and accident and health
 insurance contracts

 45,432

 42,204

 Policyholder contract deposits (portion measured at fair value:
 2017 - $4,150; 2016 - $3,058)

 135,602

 132,216

 Other policyholder funds (portion measured at fair value: 2017 -
 $0; 2016 - $5)

 3,648

 3,989

 Other liabilities (portion measured at fair value: 2017 -
 $1,124; 2016 - $2,016)

 26,050

 26,296

 Long-term debt (portion measured at fair value: 2017 - $2,888;
 2016 - $3,428)

 31,640

 30,912

 Separate account liabilities

 92,798

 82,972

 Liabilities held for sale

 -

 6,106

 Total liabilities

 432,593

 421,406

 Contingencies, commitments and guarantees 

(see Note 16)

 AIG shareholders’ equity:

 Common stock, $2.50 par value; 5,000,000,000 shares authorized;
 shares issued: 2017 - 1,906,671,492 and

 2016 - 1,906,671,492

 4,766

 4,766

 Treasury stock, at cost; 2017 - 1,007,626,835; 2016 -
 911,335,651 shares of common stock

 (47,595)

 (41,471)

 Additional paid-in capital

 81,078

 81,064

 Retained earnings

 21,457

 28,711

 Accumulated other comprehensive income

 5,465

 3,230

 Total AIG shareholders’ equity

 65,171

 76,300

 Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests

 537

 558

 Total equity

 65,708

 76,858

 Total liabilities and equity

 $

 498,301

 $

 498,264

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

166

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

American International Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of I

ncome

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 (dollars in millions, except per share data)

 2017

 2016

 2015

 Revenues:

    Premiums

 $

 31,374

 $

 34,393

 $

 36,655

    Policy fees

 2,935

 2,732

 2,755

    Net investment income

 14,179

 14,065

 14,053

 Net realized capital gains (losses):

 Total other-than-temporary impairments on available for sale
 securities

 (196)

 (458)

 (556)

 Portion of other-than-temporary impairments on available for
 sale

 fixed maturity securities recognized in Other comprehensive
 income (loss)

 (31)

 (29)

 (35)

 Net other-than-temporary impairments on available for sale

 securities recognized in net income (loss)

 (227)

 (487)

 (591)

 Other realized capital gains (losses)

 (1,153)

 (1,457)

 1,367

 Total net realized capital gains (losses)

 (1,380)

 (1,944)

 776

    Other income 

 2,412

 3,121

 4,088

 Total revenues

 49,520

 52,367

 58,327

 Benefits, losses and expenses:

    Policyholder benefits and losses incurred

 29,972

 32,437

 31,345

    Interest credited to policyholder account balances

 3,592

 3,705

 3,731

    Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs

 4,288

 4,521

 5,236

 General operating and other expenses

 9,107

 10,989

 12,686

    Interest expense

 1,168

 1,260

 1,281

 (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt 

 (5)

 74

 756

 Net (gain) loss on sale of divested businesses

 (68)

 (545)

 11

 Total benefits, losses and expenses

 48,054

 52,441

 55,046

 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax
 expense

 1,466

 (74)

 3,281

 Income tax expense:

    Current

 636

 576

 820

    Deferred

 6,890

 (391)

 239

 Income tax expense

 7,526

 185

 1,059

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

 (6,060)

 (259)

 2,222

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income tax
 expense

 4

 (90)

 -

 Net income (loss)

 (6,056)

 (349)

 2,222

 Less:

 Net income from continuing operations attributable to

 noncontrolling interests

 28

 500

 26

 Net income (loss) attributable to AIG

 $

 (6,084)

 $

 (849)

 $

 2,196

 Net income (loss) attributable to AIG common shareholders

 $

 (6,084)

 $

 (849)

 $

 2,196

 Income (loss) per common share attributable to AIG:

    Basic:

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

 $

 (6.54)

 $

 (0.70)

 $

 1.69

 Loss from discontinued operations

 $

 -

 $

 (0.08)

 $

 -

 Net income (loss) attributable to AIG

 $

 (6.54)

 $

 (0.78)

 $

 1.69

    Diluted:

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

 $

 (6.54)

 $

 (0.70)

 $

 1.65

 Loss from discontinued operations

 $

 -

 $

 (0.08)

 $

 -

 Net income (loss) attributable to AIG

 $

 (6.54)

 $

 (0.78)

 $

 1.65

 Weighted average shares outstanding:

    Basic

 930,561,286

 1,091,085,131

 1,299,825,350

    Diluted

 930,561,286

 1,091,085,131

 1,334,464,883

 Dividends declared per common share

 $

 1.28

 $

 1.28

 $

 0.81

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

167

TABLE OF CONTENTS

American International Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income (Loss)

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2017

 2016

 2015

 Net income (loss)

 $

 (6,056)

 $

 (349)

 $

 2,222

 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

    Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of fixed
 maturity securities on 

       which other-than-temporary credit impairments were taken

 367

 (270)

 (347)

    Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of all other
 investments

 1,288

 839

 (6,762)

    Change in foreign currency translation adjustments

 539

 250

 (1,100)

    Change in retirement plan liabilities adjustment

 41

 (126)

 123

 Other comprehensive income (loss)

 2,235

 693

 (8,086)

 Comprehensive income (loss)

 (3,821)

 344

 (5,864)

 Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests

 28

 500

 20

 Comprehensive loss attributable to AIG

 $

 (3,849)

 $

 (156)

 $

 (5,884)

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

168

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

American International Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Equity

 Non-

 Accumulated

 Total
 AIG

 redeemable

 Additional

 Other

 Share-

 Non-

 Common

 Treasury

 Paid-in

 Retained

 Comprehensive

 holders'

 controlling

 Total

 (in millions) 

 Stock

 Stock

 Capital

 Earnings

 Income

 Equity

 Interests

 Equity

 Balance, January 1, 2015

 $

 4,766

 $

 (19,218)

 $

 80,958

 $

 29,775

 $

 10,617

 $

 106,898

 $

 374

 $

 107,272

 Common stock issued under stock plans

 -

 13

 (13)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Purchase of common stock

 -

 (10,895)

 -

 -

 -

 (10,895)

 -

 (10,895)

 Net income attributable to AIG or other

    noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 2,196

 -

 2,196

 26

 2,222

 Dividends

 -

 -

 -

 (1,028)

 -

 (1,028)

 -

 (1,028)

 Other comprehensive loss

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (8,080)

 (8,080)

 (6)

 (8,086)

 Deferred income taxes

 -

 -

 (9)

 -

 -

 (9)

 -

 (9)

 Net increase due to acquisition and consolidations

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 231

 231

 Contributions from noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 1

 1

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (82)

 (82)

 Other

 -

 2

 574

 -

 -

 576

 8

 584

 Balance, December 31, 2015

 $

 4,766

 $

 (30,098)

 $

 81,510

 $

 30,943

 $

 2,537

 $

 89,658

 $

 552

 $

 90,210

 Common stock issued under stock plans

 -

 86

 (175)

 -

 -

 (89)

 -

 (89)

 Purchase of common stock

 -

 (11,460)

 -

 -

 -

 (11,460)

 -

 (11,460)

 Net income (loss) attributable to AIG or other

    noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 (849)

 -

 (849)

 500

 (349)

 Dividends

 -

 -

 -

 (1,372)

 -

 (1,372)

 -

 (1,372)

 Other comprehensive income (loss)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 693

 693

 -

 693

 Current and deferred income taxes

 -

 -

 (208)

 -

 -

 (208)

 -

 (208)

 Net increase due to acquisition and consolidations

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 43

 43

 Contributions from noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 22

 22

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (570)

 (570)

 Other

 -

 1

 (63)

 (11)

 -

 (73)

 11

 (62)

 Balance, December 31, 2016

 $

 4,766

 $

 (41,471)

 $

 81,064

 $

 28,711

 $

 3,230

 $

 76,300

 $

 558

 $

 76,858

 Common stock issued under stock plans

 -

 147

 (325)

 -

 -

 (178)

 -

 (178)

 Purchase of common stock

 -

 (6,275)

 -

 -

 -

 (6,275)

 -

 (6,275)

 Net income (loss) attributable to AIG or

    noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 (6,084)

 -

 (6,084)

 28

 (6,056)

 Dividends

 -

 -

 -

 (1,172)

 -

 (1,172)

 -

 (1,172)

 Other comprehensive income (loss)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 2,235

 2,235

 -

 2,235

 Current and deferred income taxes

 -

 -

 (4)

 -

 -

 (4)

 -

 (4)

 Net increase due to acquisitions and consolidations

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 101

 101

 Contributions from noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 42

 42

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (193)

 (193)

 Other

 -

 4

 343

 2

 -

 349

 1

 350

 Balance, December 31, 2017

 $

 4,766

 $

 (47,595)

 $

 81,078

 $

 21,457

 $

 5,465

 $

 65,171

 $

 537

 $

 65,708

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

169

TABLE OF CONTENTS

American International Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2017

 2016

 2015

 Cash flows from operating activities:

    Net income (loss)

 $

 (6,056)

 $

 (349)

 $

 2,222

    (Income) loss from discontinued operations

 (4)

 90

 -

    Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash
 provided by (used in) operating activities:

    Noncash revenues, expenses, gains and losses included in
 income (loss):

       Net gains on sales of securities available for sale and
 other assets

 (431)

 (2,033)

 (1,111)

       Net (gains) losses on sales of divested businesses

 (68)

 (545)

 11

       (Gains) losses on extinguishment of debt

 (5)

 74

 756

       Unrealized (gains) losses in earnings – net

 79

 1,465

 (522)

       Equity in income from equity method investments, net of
 dividends or distributions

 (401)

 (54)

 (481)

       Depreciation and other amortization

 3,874

 4,090

 4,629

       Impairments of assets

 685

 1,116

 1,500

    Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

       Insurance reserves

 2,637

 5,325

 1,645

       Premiums and other receivables and payables – net

 410

 536

 (70)

       Reinsurance assets, net of allowance

 (10,870)

 (1,804)

 1,525

       Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs

 (4,819)

 (5,216)

 (5,808)

       Current and deferred income taxes – net

 6,981

 (308)

 548

       Other, net

 (597)

 (4)

 (1,967)

       Total adjustments

 (2,525)

 2,642

 655

 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

 (8,585)

 2,383

 2,877

 Cash flows from investing activities:

 Proceeds from (payments for)

    Sales or distributions of:

       Available for sale securities

 31,082

 30,103

 28,721

       Other securities

 3,792

 4,164

 6,055

       Other invested assets 

 7,664

 9,554

 8,002

       Divested businesses, net

 792

 2,809

 -

    Maturities of fixed maturity securities available for sale 

 29,011

 25,749

 24,734

    Principal payments received on and sales of mortgage and
 other loans receivable

 5,742

 6,074

 5,104

    Purchases of:

       Available for sale securities

 (49,856)

 (54,978)

 (48,848)

       Other securities

 (1,147)

 (935)

 (2,704)

       Other invested assets

 (2,874)

 (3,421)

 (3,573)

       Mortgage and other loans receivable

 (9,369)

 (10,651)

 (10,140)

    Net change in restricted cash

 (121)

 385

 1,457

    Net change in short-term investments

 2,098

 (3,089)

 1,163

    Other, net

 (2,143)

 (1,020)

 (1,509)

 Net cash provided by investing activities

 14,671

 4,744

 8,462

 Cash flows from financing activities:

 Proceeds from (payments for)

    Policyholder contract deposits

 17,908

 18,100

 17,029

    Policyholder contract withdrawals

 (15,785)

 (14,041)

 (14,619)

    Issuance of long-term debt

 3,356

 5,954

 6,867

    Repayments of long-term debt

 (3,698)

 (4,082)

 (9,805)

    Purchase of common stock

 (6,275)

 (11,460)

 (10,691)

    Dividends paid

 (1,172)

 (1,372)

 (1,028)

    Other, net

 (31)

 68

 818

 Net cash used in financing activities

 (5,697)

 (6,833)

 (11,429)

 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash

 (28)

 52

 (39)

 Net increase (decrease) in cash

 361

 346

 (129)

 Cash at beginning of year

 1,868

 1,629

 1,758

 Change in cash of businesses held for sale

 133

 (107)

 -

 Cash at end of year

 $

 2,362

 $

 1,868

 $

 1,629

170

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

American International Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

 Supplementary Disclosure of Consolidated Cash Flow Information

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2017

 2016

 2015

 Cash paid during the period for:

    Interest

 $

 1,282

 $

 1,331

 $

 1,368

    Taxes

 $

 544

 $

 493

 $

 511

 Non-cash investing/financing activities:

    Interest credited to policyholder contract deposits included
 in financing activities

 $

 3,309

 $

 3,430

 $

 3,676

    Non-cash consideration received from sale of AerCap

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 500

    Non-cash consideration received from sale of United Guaranty

 $

 -

 $

 1,101

 $

 -

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

171

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

No

tes to Consolidated Financial Statements |

1. Basis of Presentation

1. Basis of Presentation

American
International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading global insurance organization
serving customers in more than 80 countries and jurisdictions. AIG companies
serve commercial and individual customers through one of the most extensive
worldwide property‑casualty networks of any insurer. In addition, AIG
companies are leading providers of life insurance and retirement services in
the United States. AIG Common Stock, par value $2.50 per share (AIG Common
Stock), is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: AIG) and the Tokyo
Stock Exchange. Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms “AIG,” “we,”
“us” or “our” mean American International Group, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries and the term “AIG Parent” means American International
Group, Inc. and not any of its consolidated subsidiaries.

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of AIG Parent, our controlled subsidiaries (generally through a greater than
50 percent ownership of voting rights and voting interests), and variable
interest entities (VIEs) of which we are the primary beneficiary. Equity
investments in entities that we do not consolidate, including corporate
entities in which we have significant influence and partnership and
partnership-like entities in which we have more than minor influence over the
operating and financial policies, are accounted for under the equity method
unless we have elected the fair value option.

Certain of our foreign subsidiaries included in the
Consolidated Financial Statements report on different fiscal-period bases. The
effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations of all
material events occurring at these subsidiaries through the date of each of the
periods presented in these Consolidated Financial Statements has been
considered for adjustment and/or disclosure. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States (GAAP). All material intercompany accounts and transactions have
been eliminated.

Sales of Businesses

Sale of Certain Insurance Subsidiary Operations to
Fairfax

On October 18, 2016, we entered into agreements to sell certain
insurance operations to Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (Fairfax). The
agreements include the sale of our subsidiary operations in Argentina, Chile,
Colombia, Uruguay, Venezuela and Turkey. Fairfax will also acquire renewal
rights for the portfolios of local business written by our operations in
Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania and Slovakia, and assume
certain of our operating assets and employees. Total cash consideration to us
is expected to be approximately $234 million. The transaction is closing on a
country-by-country basis as the regulatory approvals are obtained.  In the
second quarter of 2017, the sale of operations in Turkey as well as the renewal
rights in Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia were
completed, which resulted in total cash proceeds of $48 million. In the third
quarter of 2017, the sale of the operations in Colombia, Chile and Argentina
were completed, which resulted in cash proceeds of $168 million. Substantially
all of the operations and renewal rights that we agreed to sell Fairfax were
sold by December 31, 2017.

AIG Fuji Life Insurance 

On November 14, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell Fuji
Life to FWD Group, the insurance arm of Pacific Century Group. Total cash
consideration to us was approximately $333 million. The transaction closed on
April 30, 2017. 

United Guaranty

On December 31, 2016, we sold our 100 percent
interest in United Guaranty Corporation (United Guaranty) and certain related
affiliates to Arch Capital Group Ltd. (Arch) for total consideration of $3.3
billion, consisting of $2.2 billion of cash and approximately $1.1 billion of
newly issued Arch convertible non-voting common-equivalent preferred stock 
and reported a pre-tax gain of approximately $697
million
. We also received $261 million in pre-closing dividends from
United Guaranty in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
However, due to pending regulatory approvals, United Guaranty Asia
was not included in the December 31, 2016 closing and $40 million of cash
consideration was retained by Arch. The sale of United Guaranty Asia was
completed on July 1, 2017 and we received the $40 million cash proceeds.

Concurrent with the closing, we entered into
reinsurance agreements with Arch, including an amended and restated 50 percent
quota share reinsurance agreement and an aggregate excess of loss reinsurance
agreement, pursuant to which we will continue to be exposed to certain United
Guaranty policies written between 2009 and 2016.

172

AIG | 2017 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

No

tes to Consolidated Financial Statements |

1. Basis of Presentation

Ascot

On September 16, 2016, we entered into an
agreement to sell our 20 percent interest in Ascot Underwriting Holdings Ltd.
and our 100 percent interest in the related syndicate-funding subsidiary Ascot
Corporate Name Ltd. to Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB). Total
consideration for the transaction was $1.1 billion resulting in a pre-tax gain
of approximately $162 million attributable to AIG’s controlling interest,
inclusive of CPPIB’s recapitalization of Syndicate 1414’s Funds at Lloyd’s
(FAL) capital requirements. The transaction closed on November 18, 2016, and we
received approximately $244 million in net cash proceeds.

Korea Fund

On November 17, 2016, an AIG sponsored Fund (the
Korea Fund), completed the sale of mixed-use commercial complex in Seoul, South
Korea commonly known as the Seoul International Finance Center to Brookfield