of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K; and

•

this Part II,
 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
 Results of Operations (MD&A) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

We are not under any obligation (and
expressly disclaim any obligation) to update or alter any projections, goals, assumptions
or other statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to
time, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

 55

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The MD&A is organized as follows:

 INDEX TO ITEM 7

 Page

 USE OF NON-GAAP MEASURES

 58

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

 61

Executive Summary

 62

Strategic Outlook

 67

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 75

Segment Results

 77

Commercial
 Insurance

 80

Consumer Insurance

 95

Corporate and Other

 111

 INVESTMENTS

 113

Overview

 113

Investment Highlights

 113

Investment
 Strategies

 113

Investments by Legal
 Entity

 114

Credit
 Ratings

 118

Impairments

 128

 INSURANCE RESERVES

 132

 Non-Life Insurance
 Companies

 132

 Life Insurance
 Companies DAC and Reserves

 148

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

 156

Overview

 156

Analysis
 of Sources and Uses of Cash

 158

Liquidity and Capital
 Resources of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries

 161

Credit Facilities

 164

Contingent Liquidity
 Facilities

 164

Contractual Obligations

 165

Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements and Commercial Commitments

 167

Debt

 168

Credit Ratings

 170

Regulation and Supervision

 170

Dividends and Repurchases
 of AIG Common Stock

 171

Dividend Restrictions

 171

 ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT

 172

Overview

 172

Credit Risk Management

 175

Market Risk Management

 176

Liquidity Risk Management

 180

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

 192

 GLOSSARY

 222

 ACRONYMS

 225

Throughout the MD&A, we use certain terms and
abbreviations, which are summarized in the Glossary and Acronyms.

We have incorporated into this discussion a number of
cross-references to additional information included throughout this Annual
Report on Form 10-K to assist readers seeking additional information
related to a particular subject.

 56

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 use of non-gaap measures

USE OF NON-GAAP MEASURES

In Item 
6. Selected Financial Data
 and throughout this MD&A,
we present our financial condition and results of operations in the way we
believe will be most meaningful and representative of our business results.
Some of the measurements we use are “non‑GAAP financial measures” under
SEC rules and regulations. GAAP is the acronym for “accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States.” The non‑GAAP financial measures
we present may not be comparable to similarly‑named measures reported by
other companies.

Book Value Per Common Share Excluding Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income (AOCI) and Book Value Per Common Share Excluding AOCI and
Deferred Tax Assets (DTA) 

are used to show the amount of our net worth on a
per-share basis. We believe these measures are useful to investors because they
eliminate the effect of non-cash items that can fluctuate significantly from
period to period, including changes in fair value of our available for sale
securities portfolio, foreign currency translation adjustments and U.S. tax
attribute deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets represent U.S. tax
attributes related to net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits.
Amounts for interim periods are estimates based on projections of full-year
attribute utilization. Book Value Per Common Share Excluding AOCI is derived by
dividing Total AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding AOCI, by Total common shares
outstanding. Book Value Per Common Share Excluding AOCI and DTA is derived by
dividing Total AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding AOCI and DTA, by Total
common shares outstanding. The reconciliation to book value per common share,
the most comparable GAAP measure, is presented in Item 6. Selected Financial
Data.

Return on Equity – After-tax Operating Income Excluding
AOCI and Return on Equity – After-tax Operating Income Excluding AOCI and DTA

are used to show the rate of return on shareholders’ equity. We believe these
measures are useful to investors because they eliminate the effect of non-cash
items that can fluctuate significantly from period to period, including changes
in fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio, foreign currency
translation adjustments and U.S. tax attribute deferred tax assets. Deferred
tax assets represent U.S. tax attributes related to net operating loss
carryforwards and foreign tax credits. Amounts for interim periods are
estimates based on projections of full-year attribute utilization. Return on
Equity – After-tax Operating Income Excluding AOCI is derived by dividing
actual or annualized after-tax operating income attributable to AIG by average
AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding average AOCI. Return on Equity – After-tax
Operating Income Excluding AOCI and DTA is derived by dividing actual or
annualized after-tax operating income attributable to AIG by average AIG
shareholders’ equity, excluding average AOCI and DTA. The reconciliation to
return on equity, the most comparable GAAP measure, is presented in Item 6.
Selected Financial Data.

We use the following operating performance measures because
we believe they enhance the understanding of the underlying profitability of
continuing operations and trends of our business segments. We believe they also
allow for more meaningful comparisons with our insurance competitors. When we
use these measures, reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measure are
provided in the Results of Operations section of this MD&A on a
consolidated basis.

 57

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 use of non-gaap measures

After-tax operating income attributable
to AIG 

is derived by excluding the following items from net income
attributable to AIG:

 •

deferred
 income tax valuation allowance releases and charges;

•

changes in fair
 value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits;

•

changes in
 benefit reserves and deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC), value of
 business acquired (VOBA), and sales inducement assets (SIA) related to net
 realized capital gains and losses;

•

other income
 and expense — net, related to Corporate and Other run-off insurance
 lines;

•

loss on
 extinguishment of debt;

•

net realized
 capital gains and losses;

•

non‑qualifying
 derivative hedging activities, excluding net realized capital gains and
 losses;

 ·

income or loss from discontinued operations;

·

income and loss from divested businesses, including: 

·

gain on the sale of International Lease Finance Corporation
 (ILFC); and

·

certain post-acquisition transaction expenses incurred by
 AerCap Holdings N.V. (AerCap) in connection with its acquisition of ILFC and
 the difference between expensing AerCap’s maintenance rights assets over the
 remaining lease term as compared to the remaining economic life of the
 related aircraft and related tax effects;

·

legacy tax adjustments primarily related to certain changes in
 uncertain tax positions and other tax adjustments; 

•

non-operating
 litigation reserves and settlements;

•

reserve
 development related to non-operating run-off insurance business; and

•

restructuring
 and other costs related to initiatives designed to reduce operating expenses,
 improve efficiency and simplify our organization. 

We use the
following operating performance measures within our Commercial Insurance and
Consumer Insurance reportable segments as well as Corporate and Other.

•

Commercial
Insurance: Property Casualty and Mortgage Guaranty; Consumer Insurance:
Personal Insurance

•

Pre‑tax operating income: 

includes both underwriting income
and loss and net investment income, but excludes net realized capital gains and
losses, other income and expense — net, and non-operating litigation
reserves and settlements. Underwriting income and loss is derived by reducing
net premiums earned by losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, acquisition
expenses and general operating expenses.

•

Ratios: 

We, along with most property and casualty insurance
companies, use the loss ratio, the expense ratio and the combined ratio as
measures of underwriting performance. These ratios are relative measurements
that describe, for every $100 of net premiums earned, the amount of losses and
loss adjustment expenses, and the amount of other underwriting expenses that
would be incurred. A combined ratio of less than 100 indicates underwriting
income and a combined ratio of over 100 indicates an underwriting loss. The
underwriting environment varies across countries and products, as does the
degree of litigation activity, all of which affect such ratios. In addition,
investment returns, local taxes, cost of capital, regulation, product type and
competition can have an effect on pricing and consequently on profitability as
reflected in underwriting income and associated ratios.

•

Accident year
loss and combined ratios, as adjusted: 

both the accident year loss and combined
ratios, as adjusted, exclude catastrophe losses and related reinstatement
premiums, prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of
reserve discounting. Catastrophe losses are generally weather or seismic events
having a net impact in excess of $10 million each.

 58

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 use of non-gaap measures

·

Commercial Insurance: Institutional Markets; Consumer
Insurance: Retirement and Life

•

Pre‑tax
operating income 

is derived by excluding the following items from pre‑tax
income: 

 ·

changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed
 living benefits;

 ·

changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to
 net realized capital gains and losses; and

 ·

net realized capital gains and losses;

 ·

non-operating litigation reserves and settlements.

•

Premiums and deposits:

 includes direct and assumed amounts
received and earned on traditional life insurance policies, group benefit
policies and life‑contingent payout annuities, as well as deposits
received on universal life, investment‑type annuity contracts and mutual
funds.

·

Corporate and Other — Pre‑tax operating income and
loss 

is derived by excluding the following items from pre‑tax
income and loss:

 ·

loss on extinguishment of debt;

·

net realized capital gains and losses;

·

changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to
 net realized capital gains and losses;

·

income and loss from divested businesses, including Aircraft
 Leasing;

 ·

net gain or loss on sale of divested businesses, including:

•

gain on the
 sale of ILFC; and 

•

certain
 post-acquisition transaction expenses incurred by AerCap in connection with
 its acquisition of ILFC and the difference between expensing AerCap’s
 maintenance rights assets over the remaining lease term as compared to the
 remaining economic life of the related aircraft and our share of AerCap’s
 income taxes; 

·

non-operating litigation reserves and settlements; 

·

reserve development related to non-operating run-off insurance
 business; and

·

restructuring and other costs related to initiatives designed
 to reduce operating expenses, improve efficiency and simplify our
 organization.

Results from
discontinued operations are excluded from all of these measures.

 59

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

 Executive Overview

This overview of the MD&A highlights selected information
and may not contain all of the information that is important to current or
potential investors in AIG’s securities. You should read this Annual Report on
Form 10‑K in its entirety for a complete description of events,
trends, uncertainties, risks and critical accounting estimates affecting us. 

As a result of the progress of the wind down and de-risking
activities of the Direct Investment book (DIB) and the derivative portfolio of
AIG Financial Products Corp. and related subsidiaries (collectively, AIGFP)
included within Global Capital Markets (GCM), AIG has discontinued separate
reporting of the DIB and GCM.  Their results are reported within Income
from other assets, net, beginning in 2015. This reporting aligns with the
manner in which AIG manages its financial resources. Prior periods are
presented in the historical format for informational purposes.  AIG
borrowings supported by assets continue to be managed as such with assets
allocated to support the timely repayment of those liabilities. Assets
previously held in the DIB and GCM that are otherwise not required to meet the
obligations and capital requirements of the DIB and GCM have been made
available to AIG Parent.

As part of our broad and on-going efforts to transform AIG for long-term
competitiveness, in the third quarter of 2015 we finalized a series of
initiatives focused on organizational simplification, operational efficiency,
and business rationalization, which are expected to result in pre-tax
restructuring and other costs of approximately $0.7 billion, as well as
generate pre-tax annualized savings of approximately $0.7 billion to $0.8
billion when fully implemented. 
Results
for 2015 include approximately $0.5 billion of pre-tax restructuring and other
costs, 
composed of $0.3 billion of employee severance and one-time
termination benefits, approximately $0.1 billion associated with the
modernization of information technology platforms, and the balance relating to
costs associated with consolidation of legal entities and exiting lower return
lines of business. We expect
 the
remaining $0.2 billion to be recognized through 2017, as well as 
approximately
$0.3 billion of the aggregate pre-tax costs to result in cash expenditures.

On January 26, 2016, we announced several actions designed to
create a leaner, more profitable and focused insurer. These actions include a
plan to reorganize our operating model into “modular”, more self-contained
business units to enhance transparency and accountability. Additionally, we are
introducing a new Legacy Portfolio that aims to maximize value and release
capital of certain run-off non-strategic assets and highlight progress on
improving the ROE of our Operating Portfolio. When the new operating structure
is finalized, the presentation of our segment results may be modified and prior
periods’ presentation may be revised to conform to the new structure.

 60

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

Executive Summary

Financial
Performance

Commercial Insurance 

pre‑tax
operating income decreased in 2015, compared to 2014 primarily due to a higher
underwriting loss in Property Casualty due to an increase in net adverse prior
year loss reserve development. In addition net investment income in Property
Casualty and Institutional Markets decreased in 2015 compared to 2014
. 

Consumer Insurance

pre-tax operating income decreased in 2015,
compared to 2014, reflecting lower net investment income, less favorable
adjustments related to the update of  actuarial assumptions, less favorable
mortality experience in Life, and an underwriting loss in Personal Insurance in
2015. These decreases were partially offset by higher policy and advisory fees
in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by growth in separate account assets under
management in Retirement.  

Our investment portfolio
performance

 declined in 2015, compared to 2014 due to lower income
on alternative investments, primarily related to hedge fund performance, lower
income on investments for which the fair value option was elected, and lower
reinvestment yields.

Net realized capital gains

increased slightly in 2015, compared to 2014, due
to higher net realized capital gains from sales of equity securities and fair
value gains on embedded derivatives related to variable annuity guarantee
features, net of hedges, compared to fair value losses in the prior year,
mostly offset by an increase in other-than-temporary impairment charges and
impairments on investments in life settlements.

 61

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

Our Performance – Selected Indicators

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 (in
 millions, except per share data and ratios)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Results
 of operations data:

 Total
 revenues

 $

 58,327

 $

 64,406

 $

 68,874

 Income from
 continuing operations

 2,222

 7,574

 9,008

 Net income
 attributable to AIG

 2,196

 7,529

 9,085

 Net income
 per common share attributable to AIG

 (diluted)

 1.65

 5.20

 6.13

 After-tax
 operating income attributable to AIG

 $

 2,927

 $

 6,630

 $

 6,650

 After-tax
 operating income per common share

 attributable
 to AIG (diluted)

 2.19

 4.58

 4.49

 Key
 metrics:

 Commercial
 Insurance

 Pre-tax
 operating income

 $

 1,652

 $

 5,510

 $

 4,980

 Property
 Casualty combined ratio

 115.0

 100.2

 101.6

 Property
 Casualty accident year combined ratio, as

 adjusted

 95.0

 94.2

 95.1

 Property
 Casualty net premiums written

 $

 20,436

 $

 21,020

 $

 20,880

 Mortgage
 Guaranty domestic first-lien new insurance

 written

 50,842

 42,038

 49,356

 Institutional
 Markets premiums and deposits

 1,782

 3,797

 991

 Consumer
 Insurance

 Pre-tax
 operating income

 $

 3,378

 $

 4,474

 $

 4,564

 Personal
 Insurance combined ratio

 101.3

 99.9

 101.5

 Personal
 Insurance accident year combined ratio, as

 adjusted

 100.2

 99.5

 102.1

 Personal
 Insurance net premiums written

 $

 11,580

 $

 12,412

 $

 12,700

 Retirement
 premiums and deposits

 25,241

 24,023

 23,729

 Life
 premiums and deposits

 4,974

 4,806

 4,862

 Life
 Insurance Companies assets under management

 338,032

 332,847

 317,977

 December 31,

 December 31,

 (in
 millions, except per share data)

 2015

 2014

 Balance
 sheet data:

 Total
 assets

 $

 496,943

 $

 515,581

 Long-term
 debt

 29,350

 31,217

 Total AIG
 shareholders’ equity

 89,658

 106,898

 Book value
 per common share

 75.10

 77.69

 Book value
 per common share, excluding AOCI

 72.97

 69.98

 Book value
 per common share, excluding AOCI and DTA

 58.94

 58.23

 Years Ended
 December 31,

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Return on
 equity

 2.2

 %

 7.1

 %

 9.2

 %

 Return on
 equity - after-tax operating income, excluding AOCI

 3.1

 6.9

 7.4

 Return on
 equity - after-tax operating income, excluding AOCI and DTA

 3.7

 8.4

 9.3

 62

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

 Total revenues 

(in millions)

 Income from continuing operations 

(in millions)

 Net income ATTRIBUTABLE TO AIG 

(in millions)

 Net INCOME PER COMMON SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO AIG
 (DILUTED)

 After-tax operating income attributable to aig 

(excludes net
 realized capital gains and certain other items)

(in millions)

 Pre-tax operating income (loss) by segment

(in millions) 

*    Includes a gain of $1.4 billion associated with the completion
of the sale of ILFC.

 63

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

 TOTAL ASSETS 

(in millions)

 Long-term debt 

(in millions)

 Total AIG shareholders’ equity 

(in millions)

 Book value per common share and book value per common
 share excluding aoci

*    Includes operating borrowings of other subsidiaries and
consolidated investments and hybrid debt securities.

 64

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

Investment Highlights

Net investment income decreased to $14.1 billion in 2015
compared to $16.1 billion in 2014 due to lower income on alternative
investments, primarily related to hedge fund performance, lower income on
assets for which the fair value option was elected, and lower reinvestment
yields.

While corporate debt securities
represented the core of new investment allocations, we continued to make
investments in structured securities, mortgage loans and other fixed income
investments with favorable risk versus return characteristics to improve yields
and increase net investment income.

Net unrealized gains in our available for sale portfolio
decreased to approximately $8.8 billion as of December 31, 2015, from
approximately $19.0 billion as of December 31, 2014, primarily due to a rise in
rates, widening of credit spreads and sale of equity securities.

The overall
credit rating of our fixed maturity securities portfolio remains largely
unchanged from December 31, 2014.

Liquidity and
Capital Resources Highlights

We reduced our debt

 by $1.9 billion in 2015, primarily as a result of
maturities, repayments and repurchases of $10.0 billion, offset in part by new
debt issuances of $6.9 billion. We reduced the average cost of our financial
debt from 5.34 percent per annum in 2014 to 4.92 percent per annum in 2015 and
extended the maturity profile of our debt in 2015.

We maintained financial
flexibility at AIG Parent in 

2015 

through $3.2 billion in dividends in the form of cash and
fixed maturity securities from our Non-Life Insurance Companies and $4.6
billion in dividends and loan repayments in the form of cash and fixed maturity
securities from our Life Insurance Companies. The dividends that AIG Parent
received in 2015 included $2.8 billion of dividends that were declared during
the fourth quarter of 2014.

Our Board of Directors increased our previous share
repurchase authorization of AIG Common Stock, par value $2.50 per share (AIG
Common Stock), by an additional $5.0 billion on February 11, 2016, 

resulting
in a remaining authorization on such date of approximately $5.8 billion.

During
2015, we repurchased approximately 182 million shares of AIG Common Stock for
an aggregate purchase price of approximately $10.7 billion. The total number of
shares of AIG Common Stock repurchased in 2015 includes (but the aggregate
purchase price does not include) approximately 3.5 million shares of AIG Common
Stock received in January 2015 upon the settlement of an ASR agreement executed
in the fourth quarter of 2014. Pursuant to a Securities and Exchange Act of
1934 (Exchange Act) Rule 10b5-1 plan, from January 1 to February 11, 2016, we
have repurchased approximately $2.5 billion of additional shares of AIG Common
Stock. 

We paid a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock 

of
$0.125 per share on each of March 26, 2015 and June 25, 2015, and $0.28
per share on each of September 28, 2015 and December 21, 2015.

Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG
Common Stock on February 11, 2016

 of $0.32 per share, payable on March 28,
2016 to shareholders of record on March 14, 2016.

We received net cash proceeds

 of approximately $4.2
billion in the aggregate from the sale of approximately 97.6 million ordinary
shares of AerCap in June and September 2015.

We received gross cash proceeds 

of approximately $1.3
billion from our sale of 617 million ordinary H shares of PICC P&C by
means of a placement to certain institutional investors.

Additional discussion and other
liquidity and capital resources developments are included in Note 16 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements and Liquidity and Capital Resources herein. 

 65

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

Strategic Outlook 

Industry Trends

Our business is affected by industry and economic factors
such as interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit and equity market
conditions, catastrophic claims events, regulation, tax policy, competition,
and general economic, market and political conditions. We continued to operate
under difficult market conditions in 2015, characterized by factors such as
historically low interest rates, instability in the global equity markets,
volatile energy markets and slowing growth in emerging markets, China and
Euro-Zone economies. 

Interest rates remain low relative to historical levels,
which has affected our industry by reducing investment returns and unfavorably
affecting loss reserve discounting, primarily related to our workers’
compensation reserves. In addition, current market conditions may not
necessarily permit insurance companies to increase pricing across all our
product lines.

Currency volatility in 2015 was particularly acute compared
to recent years, as the three major foreign currencies (Japanese yen, euro, and
British pound) that we transact in weakened considerably against the U.S.
dollar.  Such volatility affected line item components of income for those
businesses with substantial international operations. In particular, growth
trends in net premiums written reported in U.S. dollars can differ
significantly from those measured in original currencies. The net effect on
underwriting results, however, is significantly mitigated, as both revenues and
expenses are similarly affected. 

These currencies may continue to fluctuate, in either
direction, and such fluctuations will affect net premiums written growth trends
reported in U.S. dollars, as well as financial statement line item
comparability.

See Results of Operations – Foreign Currency Impact; Results
of Operations – Segment Results – Pre-Tax Income Comparison for 2015 and 2014;
Results of Operations – Commercial Insurance – Property Casualty Net Premiums
Written by Region; and Results of Operations – Consumer Insurance – Personal
Insurance Net Premiums Written by Region.

 AIG Priorities for 2016

 AIG is focused on the following
 priorities for 2016:

·

Improving our Return on Equity (ROE)

·

Creating a leaner, more profitable and focused insurer by
 reorganizing our operating model into “modular”, more self-contained business
 units to enhance transparency and accountability, including through the
 introduction of a new Legacy Portfolio that aims to maximize value and
 release capital from run-off of non-strategic assets 

·

Reducing general operating expenses

·

Improving the Commercial Insurance Property Casualty accident
 year loss ratio 

·

Returning excess capital to shareholders

·

Growing book value per common share

Outlook for Our Operating
Businesses 

The outlook for each of our businesses and management
initiatives to improve growth and performance in 2016 and over the longer term
is summarized below. 

 66

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

Commercial insurance Outlook
AND Strategic initiatives 

Market Conditions and
Industry Trends

Commercial Insurance expects the current low interest rate
environment relative to historical levels, currency volatility, and ongoing
uncertainty in global economic conditions will continue to limit growth and
profitability in some markets and challenge growth of net investment income.
Due to these conditions and overcapacity in the property casualty insurance
industry, Commercial Insurance has continued to diversify its business focusing
on growing profitable segments and geographies, exiting unprofitable lines and
developing advanced data and analytics to improve profitability.

Property Casualty

Property Casualty has observed improving trends in certain
key indicators that may partially offset the effect of current economic
challenges. In 2015, the property casualty insurance industry experienced
modest growth and an increase in overall exposures in certain markets, although
this growth may be leveling off. Property Casualty also expects that expansion
in certain growth economies will continue at a faster pace than in developed
countries, but at levels lower than those previously expected due to revised
economic assumptions. As a result of its ongoing strategy to optimize its
portfolio and maintain underwriting discipline, Property Casualty expects that
net premiums written for the U.S. Casualty line will continue to decline
through 2016.

Overall, Property Casualty experienced a modest increase
in rate pressure in 2015 compared to 2014. Property Casualty expects that trend
to continue in the near term, particularly in certain lines including in the
U.S. Property Excess and Surplus market. Property Casualty continues to
differentiate its underwriting capacity from its peers by leveraging its global
footprint, diverse product offering, risk engineering expertise and significant
underwriting experience.

In the U.S., Property Casualty’s exposure to terrorism risk
is mitigated by TRIPRA in addition to limited private reinsurance protections.
For additional information on TRIPRA, see Item 1A. Risk Factors —
Reserves and Exposures and Item 7. MD&A — Enterprise Risk
Management — Insurance Operations Risks — Non-Life Insurance
Companies Key Insurance Risks — Terrorism Risk.

Mortgage Guaranty

During 2015, the U.S. market
experienced an increase in mortgage loan originations driven by a decrease in

r
esidential 

mo
r
tgage 

interest 

rates 
in the latter part of 2014 that persisted throughout most of 2015, and experienced increased purchase volume that
was favorably impacted by a drop in unemployment, improving housing prices, and
lower down payment requirements
. 
 In addition, the current economic environment has
favorably impacted incurred losses through fewer delinquencies and higher cure
rates. 
If the current economic environment persists, Mortgage Guaranty
expects to benefit through increased purchase volume and, for

poli
c
ies 
 originated in the higher interest r
ate environment prior to 2012, increased 
refinancing 

a
ctivity
.  Mortgage Guaranty also expects current interest
rates to have a favorable impact on the persistency of business written during
2012 and the first half of 2013, since refinancing would be unattractive to
homeowners who originated mortgages at the lower residential mortgage interest
rates prevalent in that time period.

Mortgage Guaranty

also 

e
x
p
ects 

that 

the
delinquency rate and cure rate will remain close to 2015 levels 
duri
n
g 

2016. 

Mortgage
Guaranty

believes 

the 

combination 

of 

the
factors
 described above 
w
ill 

r
e
sult 

in 

favorab
l
e 

operating 

results 

for 

2016. 

On December 31, 2015, the Private Mortgage Insurer
Eligibility Requirements (PMIERs) issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
(collectively, the GSEs) became effective. Mortgage Guaranty met the PMIERs
requirements as of December 31, 2015. Subject to interpretation and the
prospective amendment of the new requirements by the GSEs, Mortgage Guaranty’s
minimum required assets under PMIERs was $3.0 billion as of December 31, 2015,
and its estimated available assets were $3.6 billion, exceeding the required
assets by $600 million.

 67

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

Institutional
Markets

Institutional Markets is expected to continue growing its
assets under management from the structured settlement business and the stable
value wrap business, as well as from disciplined growth through the pursuit of
select opportunities related to pension buyouts. Volatility in the earnings of
our alternative investment portfolio will continue to affect Institutional
Markets’ results.

Strategic
Initiatives 

 Customer

 — Strive to be our
 clients’ most valued insurer by offering innovative products, superior
 service and access to an extensive global network.

Sharpen Commercial Focus

 — Achieve ROE in excess of
 target across our businesses primarily through improvements in our loss
 ratio.  Improve our business portfolio through risk selection by using
 enhanced data, analytics and the application of science to deliver superior
 risk-adjusted returns. Exit or remediate targeted sub-segments of
 underperforming portfolios that do not meet our risk acceptance or
 profitability objectives.

Drive Efficiency

 — Reorganize our operating model
 into “modular”, more self-contained business units to enhance decision
 making, transparency and accountability, driving performance improvement and
 strategic flexibility over time; increase capital fungibility and
 diversification, streamline our legal entity structure, optimize reinsurance,
 improve tax efficiency and reduce expenses.

Invest to Grow 

— Grow
 our higher-value businesses while investing in transformative opportunities,
 continuing initiatives to modernize our technology and infrastructure,
 advancing our engineering capabilities, innovating new products and client
 risk services and delivering a better client experience.

Customer

Our vision is to be our clients’
most valued insurer. We expect that investments in underwriting, claims services,
client risk services, science and data will continue to differentiate us from
our peers and drive a superior client experience. For example, 
during the fourth quarter, AIG increased global
commercial property limits to $2.5 billion per occurrence from $1.5 billion, in
response to increased demand for capacity and services from clients managing
complex global risks and increasing property values. This increase was the
result of recent investments in engineering and analytical capabilities, which
in turn allowed us to secure meaningful support from a panel of long-standing
reinsurers.

Sharpen
Commercial Focus 

Exit or remediate targeted
underperforming portfolios

Commercial Insurance is focused on the products where we have
the most potential to deliver value.  Experience and emerging data indicate
that there are consistently under-performing sub-segments of our business.  We
will grow where we see opportunity and we will exit or remediate
underperforming portfolios.  We will continue to further enhance our risk
selection process and refine technical pricing through enhanced tools and
analytics to achieve this goal.

 68

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

Drive Efficiency

Narrow geographic footprint while
continuing to maintain and improve multinational capabilities

Commercial Insurance, along with our other businesses,
continues to evaluate the markets and geographies that provide the greatest
opportunities, while maintaining the global footprint that our multinational
clients greatly value.  Additionally, we will continue to leverage our various
off-shore centers, taking advantage of opportunities to centralize and
standardize processes and platforms. We believe there is great opportunity to
further streamline our operating model.

Expand and optimize the use of reinsurance
and other risk mitigating strategies 

Commercial Insurance continues to execute capital management
initiatives by enhancing broad‑based risk tolerance guidelines for its
operating units, implementing underwriting strategies to increase ROE by line of
business and reducing exposure to businesses with inadequate pricing and
increased loss trends. Commercial Insurance remains focused on enhancing its
global reinsurance strategy to improve overall capital efficiency, although
this strategy may lead to periodic income statement volatility.

Accelerate micro-segmentation of risks
using internal and external data

Property Casualty continues to improve decision-making, risk
acceptance and pricing based on its ongoing efforts to refine segmentation by
customer, industry and geography. For example, after enhancing the segmentation
of workers’ compensation, Property Casualty has observed different experience
and trends, which helps inform its risk appetite, pricing and loss mitigation
decisions.

Invest
to Grow

Grow most profitable lines

As part of our strategic goal of diversifying product
offerings and providing customers with greater access to unique insurance
programs, on March 31, 2015, we paid approximately $239 million to acquire a
controlling stake in NSM Insurance Group (NSM), a leading U.S. managing general
agent and insurance program administrator. NSM is known for its unique
development and implementation of programs for a broad range of niche customer
segments. We expect the acquisition of NSM to facilitate closer strategic
coordination and provide us with access to new, attractive markets including
programs, specialty small commercial insurance solutions, and complementary
distribution networks. 

Mortgage Guaranty expects to continue as a leading provider
of mortgage insurance and seeks to differentiate itself from its competitors by
utilizing its proprietary risk-based pricing strategy. This pricing strategy
provides Mortgage Guaranty’s customers with mortgage insurance products that
are priced commensurate with the underwriting risk, which we believe will
result in an appropriately priced, high-quality book of business.  As announced
on January 26, 2016, we plan to conduct an initial public offering of up to
19.9 percent of Mortgage Guaranty, subject to regulatory and GSE approval, as a
first step towards a full separation. 

Institutional Markets is expected to
continue growing the structured settlement business and continue contributing
to growth in assets under management with stable value wraps and utilizing a
disciplined approach to growth and diversification of our business by pursuing
select opportunities in areas such as the pension buyout business.

 69

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

consumer insurance Outlook AND
STRATEGIC INITIATIVES

Market Conditions and
Industry Trends

Retirement

Increasing life expectancy and reduced expectations for
traditional retirement income from defined benefit programs and fixed income
securities are leading Americans to seek additional financial security as they
approach retirement. The strong demand for individual variable and fixed index
annuities with guaranteed income features has attracted increased competition
in this product space.  In addition, higher tax rates and a desire for better
investment returns have prompted less risk-averse investors to seek products
without guaranteed living benefits, providing the opportunity to further
diversify our product portfolio by offering investment-focused variable
annuities.

The sustained low interest rate environment has a significant
impact on the annuity industry. Low long-term interest rates put pressure on
investment returns, which may negatively affect sales of interest rate
sensitive products and reduce future profits on certain existing fixed rate
products. In addition, more highly leveraged competitors have entered the
market offering higher crediting rates. As long as the low interest rate
environment continues, conditions will be challenging for the fixed annuity
market. Rapidly rising interest rates could create the potential for increased
surrenders. Customers are, however, currently buying fixed annuities with
longer surrender periods in pursuit of higher returns, which may help mitigate
the rate of increase in surrenders in a rapidly rising rate environment. Low
interest rates have also driven strong sales growth of our fixed index annuity
products, which provide additional interest crediting tied to favorable
performance in certain equity market indices.

Consumer Insurance provides products and services to certain
employee benefit plans that are subject to restrictions imposed by ERISA and
the Internal Revenue Code, including rules that generally restrict the
provision of investment advice to ERISA plans and participants and IRA holders
if the investment recommendation results in fees paid to the individual
advisor, his or her firm or their affiliates that vary according to the
investment recommendation chosen.  In April 2015, the DOL issued a proposed
regulation that would, if enacted, expand the definition of "investment
advice," which would substantially expand the range of activities
considered to be fiduciary investment advice under ERISA and the Internal
Revenue Code. For additional information on the DOL proposed regulation, see
Item 1 – Business – Regulation – Other Regulatory Developments - ERISA
Considerations.  The DOL proposed regulation has generated substantial
attention in our industry.  If the final DOL regulation and related guidance
were to be finalized as originally proposed, it may be necessary for us, and
our competitors, to materially modify product design, marketing, and
compensation arrangements with distribution partners and financial advisors for
certain products and services.  It 
c
ould also
impose additional requirements and/or limitations on certain services that our
advisors and employees could provide to ERISA plan sponsors, ERISA plan
participants, and IRA holders.  These changes could materially affect our
ability to sell or service certain types of annuities and other investment
products. Once we have fully evaluated the impact of the final rule, we intend
to strategically invest in the most attractive post-DOL opportunities across
the market.

Life 

Populations are living longer and
have increased needs for financial protection for beneficiaries, estate
planning and wealth creation.  The Life operating segment addresses these
needs with a broad spectrum of products, ranging from the pure protection focus
of term life to indexed universal life and investment-oriented products such as
variable universal life. 
Market factors, primarily low interest rates
and regulatory changes, have caused the universal life market to shift its
focus from guaranteed universal life to indexed universal life products that
offer cash accumulation and living benefit options.

 70

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

Personal
Insurance

The need for full life cycle products and coverage,
increases in personal wealth accumulation, and awareness of insurance
protection and risk management continue to support the growth of the Personal
Insurance industry. Our Personal Insurance operations focus on group and
corporate clients, together with individual customers within national markets. 
We expect the demand for multinational cross-boundary coverage and services to
increase due to the internationalization of clients and customers. AIG’s global
presence 
provides 
 Personal Insurance a
distinct competitive advantage.  

In Japan, the competition for auto insurance has
intensified, in part driven by a decline in new car sales and the existence of fewer
major insurers. Growth in property insurance generally reflects increases in
new housing starts and heightened demand before the duration restriction on
long-term fire insurance became effective in October 2015. In the U.S., we
compete in the high net worth market and will continue to take advantage of market
consolidation and expand our innovative products and services to distribution
partners and clients.  Outside of Japan and the U.S., our Personal Insurance
operating segment continues to invest selectively in markets where we believe
higher potential for sustainable profitability exists.

Strategic Initiatives

 Customer

 — Strive to be our
 clients’ most valued insurer. Through our unique franchise, which brings
 together a broad portfolio of retirement, life insurance and personal
 insurance products offered through multiple distribution networks, Consumer
 Insurance aims to provide customers with the products and services they
 desire, delivered through the channels they prefer.

Information-driven
 Strategy 

— 

Utilize customer insight, analytics and the application
 of science to optimize customer acquisition, product profitability, product
 mix, channel performance and risk management capabilities.

Sharpen
 Consumer Focus 

— Invest in areas where Consumer Insurance can grow
 profitably and sustainably. Target growth in select markets according to
 market size, growth potential, market maturity and customer demographics and
 narrow our footprint in less profitable markets with insufficient scale.

Operational
 Effectiveness 

— Simplify processes and enhance operating environments to
 increase competitiveness, improve service and product capabilities and
 facilitate delivery of our target customer experience.

Investment
 Strategy 

— Maintain a diversified, high quality portfolio of fixed
 maturity securities that largely matches the duration characteristics of the
 related insurance liabilities, and pursue selective yield-enhancement
 opportunities that meet liquidity, risk and return objectives.

Profitability and Capital
 Management

 — Deliver solid earnings through disciplined pricing,
 sustainable underwriting improvements, expense reductions and diversification
 of risk, and increase capital efficiency within insurance entities to enhance
 return on equity.

Customer

In striving to be our clients’ most valued insurer, we have
implemented initiatives to better serve our target segments. Our focus on ease
of doing business for consumers and producers includes enhancements to our
platforms and services.  We are working to expand relationships with key
distribution partners to offer our products across multiple distribution
channels.

 71

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

Information-driven
Strategy

We believe that strengthening our
information-driven decision making and marketing capabilities through the use
of enhanced analytics, stronger platforms and tools, a well-designed product
portfolio and expanded relationships may allow us to bring more effective
product solutions to our chosen markets.  

We focus on rate adequacy through our global underwriting
practices and tools and analytics, and seek to optimize the value of our
business lines through product and portfolio management and refined technical
pricing. We strive to deliver leading customer experience and efficiency
through claims best practices, deployment of enhanced operating structures and
standardized processes and systems, while managing claims-handling efficiency.

Sharpen Consumer Focus

Retirement Income Solutions 

intends to continue
capitalizing on the opportunity to meet consumer demand for guaranteed income
by maintaining competitive variable annuity product offerings, while managing
risk from guarantee features through risk-mitigating product design and
well-developed economic hedging capabilities. Retirement Income Solutions
continues to invest in hedging and market risk management capabilities.
Retirement Income Solutions is also focused on diversifying its product
portfolio by growing sales of fixed index annuities with guarantee features,
which provide additional income solutions for consumers approaching retirement,
and introducing new investment-focused variable annuities, which offer various
investment options, including alternative asset classes, to investors seeking
higher returns.

Fixed Annuities

 sales will continue to be challenged
by the low interest rate environment. Sales of fixed annuities could improve if
interest rates rise and the yield curve steepens, as these market conditions
make fixed annuity products more attractive compared to alternatives such as
bank deposits. The growing market for immediate and deferred income products,
driven by customers seeking guaranteed income products, provides an opportunity
for Fixed Annuities to increase the diversification of its product portfolio.

Life

 will continue to invest to position itself for growth,
serve its customers more effectively, and maintain pricing discipline in its
overall strategy.
 Life’s organization has been aligned to serve its
customers in the Americas, Asia Pacific and EMEA regions with a focus on the
demographic, governmental and socioeconomic trends unique to each region.
 As part of this initiative, our Group Benefits business recently merged
with our U.S. Life, Health and Disability business to focus on strong existing
relationships with multi-line and specialty producers
.
In 2016, we
 announced a plan to improve capital efficiency by using
reinsurance to reduce certain statutory reserves that are above economic
requirements in our domestic Life business.

Personal Insurance

 aims to provide clients with the
products and services they desire, delivered through the channels they prefer. 
We continue to focus and invest in the most profitable markets and segments,
while narrowing our footprint where appropriate. We are also leveraging our
multinational capabilities to meet the increasing demand for cross-border
coverage and services. Personal Insurance will continue to utilize its strong
risk management and market expertise to foster growth by providing innovative
and competitive solutions to its customers and distributors.

Operational Effectiveness

We are continuing to invest in initiatives that we believe
will make our operating platforms simpler and more agile, enabling us to
provide superior service and accommodate future growth. In Japan, we continue
to invest in technology to improve operating efficiency and ease of doing
business for our distribution partners and customers. In the U.S. Life
business, we are focused on leveraging our most efficient systems and
increasing automation of our underwriting process. We believe that simplifying
our operating models will enhance productivity and support further profitable
growth.

Investment Strategy

 72

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

Our investment objective is to
maintain a diversified, high quality portfolio of fixed maturity securities having
weighted average durations that are matched to the duration and cash flow
profile of our liabilities, to the extent practicable. Our investment strategy
is to maximize net investment income and portfolio value, subject to liquidity
requirements, capital constraints, diversification requirements,
asset-liability matching and available investment opportunities. While a
portfolio of alternative investments remains a fundamental component of the
investment strategy of the Life Insurance Companies, we intend to reduce the
overall size of the hedge fund portfolio, in light of changing market
conditions and perceived market opportunities, and to continue reducing the
size of the private equity portfolio. See Investments for additional discussion
of investment strategies. If these reductions were to include the sale of
alternative investments that support certain payout annuities, we could incur
additional loss recognition expense on such products, due to updating
assumptions to reflect reinvestment at lower future yields. See Critical
Accounting Estimates – Insurance Liabilities - Future Policy Benefits for Life
and Accident and Health Insurance Contracts (Life Insurance Companies) for
discussion of assumptions related to loss recognition testing.

Profitability and Capital
Management

We are focused on enhancing profitability and capital
efficiency within our insurance entities through disciplined pricing, in-force
profitability management, effective management of risk and expense reductions.
For product lines where we have significant equity market risk and exposure to
changes in interest rates, we use risk management tools, such as the risk
mitigation product features and hedging program in our Retirement Income
Solutions and Group Retirement annuity businesses. Additionally, our scale and
the breadth of our product offerings provide diversification of risk. Within
our Non-Life Insurance Companies, we continue to increase capital efficiency. 

In conjunction with our strategic active divestiture
program, we announced on January 26, 2016 that we have agreed to sell AIG
Advisor Group, our network of independent broker-dealers, to investment funds
affiliated with Lightyear Capital LLC and PSP Investments. The transaction is
expected to close in the second quarter of 2016, subject to regulatory
approvals. 

See Results of Operations — Consumer Insurance and Insurance
Reserves for additional information about our Consumer Insurance businesses.

 73

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

Results
of Operations

 Results of Operations

The following section provides a comparative discussion of
our Results of Operations on a reported basis for the three-year period ended
December 31, 2015. Factors that relate primarily to a specific business segment
are discussed in more detail within that business segment discussion. For a
discussion of the Critical Accounting Estimates that affect the Results of
Operations, see the Critical Accounting Estimates section of this MD&A.

The
following table presents our consolidated results of operations:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Percentage Change

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Revenues:

 Premiums

 $

 36,655

 $

37,254

 $

37,499

 (2)

 %

 (1)

 %

 Policy fees

 2,755

2,615

2,340

 5

 12

 Net investment income

 14,053

16,079

15,810

 (13)

 2

 Net realized capital gains

 776

739

1,939

 5

 (62)

 Aircraft leasing revenue

 -

1,602

4,420

 NM

 (64)

 Other income

 4,088

6,117

6,866

 (33)

 (11)

 Total revenues

 58,327

64,406

68,874

 (9)

 (6)

 Benefits, losses and expenses:

 Policyholder benefits and losses incurred

 31,345

28,281

29,503

 11

 (4)

 Interest credited to policyholder account
 balances

 3,731

3,768

3,892

 (1)

 (3)

 Amortization of deferred policy
 acquisition costs

 5,236

5,330

5,157

 (2)

 3

 General operating and other expenses

 12,686

13,138

13,564

 (3)

 (3)

 Interest expense

 1,281

1,718

2,142

 (25)

 (20)

 Loss on extinguishment of debt

 756

2,282

651

 (67)

 251

 Aircraft leasing expenses

 -

1,585

4,549

 NM

 (65)

 Net (gain) loss on sale of divested
 businesses

 11

(2,197)

48

 NM

 NM

 Total benefits, losses and expenses

 55,046

53,905

59,506

 2

 (9)

 Income from continuing operations before 

 income tax expense

 3,281

10,501

9,368

 (69)

 12

 Income tax expense

 1,059

2,927

360

 (64)

 NM

 Income from continuing operations

 2,222

7,574

9,008

 (71)

 (16)

 Income (loss) from discontinued
 operations,

 net of income tax expense

 -

(50)

84

 NM

 NM

 Net income

 2,222

7,524

9,092

 (70)

 (17)

 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to
 noncontrolling

 interests

 26

(5)

7

 NM

 NM

 Net income attributable to AIG

 $

 2,196

 $

7,529

 $

9,085

 (71)

 %

 (17)

 %

For the year
ended December 31, 2015

,

 the effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations was 32.3 percent. The effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax benefits of $195 million associated with tax exempt interest income, $127
million related to reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive
income to income from continuing operations related to the disposal of
available for sale securities, $58 million associated with the effect of
foreign operations, and $109 million related to the partial completion of the
Internal Revenue Service examination covering tax year 2006, partially offset
by $324 million of tax charges and related interest associated with increases
in uncertain tax positions related to cross border financing transactions, and
$110 million related to increases in the deferred tax asset valuation
allowances associated with certain foreign jurisdictions. See Note 22 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

For the year
ended December 31, 2015, our repatriation assumptions

related to certain European operations changed, and related foreign
earnings are now considered to be indefinitely reinvested. These earnings
relate to ongoing operations and have been reinvested in active non-U.S.
business operations. Further, we do not intend to

repatriate
these earnings to fund U.S. operations.  As a result, U.S. deferred taxes have
not been provided on $1.8 billion of accumulated earnings, including
accumulated other comprehensive income, of these non-U.S. affiliates. 

Potential U.S. income tax liabilities related to such
earnings would be offset, in whole or in part, by allowable foreign tax credits
resulting from foreign taxes paid to foreign jurisdictions in which such
operations are located.  As a result, we currently believe that any
incremental U.S. income tax 

 74

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

Results
of Operations

liabilities relating to
indefinitely reinvested foreign earnings would not be significant.

 Deferred taxes have been provided on earnings of non-U.S.
affiliates whose earnings are not indefinitely reinvested.

For the year
ended December 31, 2014, the effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations was 27.9 percent.  The effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax benefits of $236 million associated with tax exempt interest income, $209
million related to a decrease in the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’ capital
loss carryforward valuation allowance, $182 million of income excludible from
gross income related to the 

global
resolution of certain residential mortgage-related disputes

 and $68 million associated with the effect of foreign
operations.  See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.

For the year
ended December 31, 2013, the effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations was 3.8 percent.  The effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax benefits of $2.8 billion related to a decrease in the U.S. Life Insurance
Companies’ capital loss carryforward valuation allowance, $396 million related
to a decrease in certain other valuation allowances associated with foreign
jurisdictions and $298 million associated with tax exempt interest income. 
These items were partially offset by charges of $632 million related to
uncertain tax positions. 

The
following table presents a reconciliation of net income attributable to AIG to
after-tax operating income attributable to AIG:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Net income attributable to AIG

 $

 2,196

 $

 7,529

 $

 9,085

 Uncertain tax positions and other tax
 adjustments

 112

 59

 791

 Deferred income tax valuation allowance
 (releases) charges

 110

 (181)

 (3,237)

 Changes in fair value of securities used
 to hedge guaranteed

 living benefits

 28

 (169)

 105

 Changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA
 and SIA

 related to net realized capital gains
 (losses)

 10

 141

 1,148

 Other (income) expense - net

 151

 -

 47

 Loss on extinguishment of debt

 491

 1,483

 423

 Net realized capital gains

 (476)

 (470)

 (1,285)

 (Income) loss from discontinued
 operations

 -

 50

 (84)

 (Income) loss from divested businesses

 16

 (1,462)

 117

 Non-operating litigation reserves and
 settlements

 (53)

 (350)

 (460)

 Reserve development related to
 non-operating run-off

 insurance business

 20

 -

 -

 Restructuring and other costs

 322

 -

 -

 After-tax operating income attributable
 to AIG

 $

 2,927

 $

 6,630

 $

 6,650

 Weighted average diluted shares
 outstanding

 1,334,464,883

 1,447,553,652

 1,481,206,797

 Income per common share attributable to
 AIG (diluted)

 $

 1.65

 $

 5.20

 $

 6.13

 After-tax operating income per common
 share attributable 

 to AIG (diluted)

 $

 2.19

 $

 4.58

 $

 4.49

After-tax
operating income attributable to AIG for 2015 decreased compared to 2014
primarily due to a decrease in income from insurance operations, reflecting 

adverse prior year loss reserve development in Commercial
Property Casualty, 

decreased net investment
income, and lower income on assets held by AIG Parent

. 

After-tax
operating income attributable to AIG for 2014 was essentially flat compared to
2013, primarily due to higher income tax expense, partially offset by an
increase in income from insurance operations. 

For the year
ended December 31, 2015, the effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income was
28.0 percent. The significant factors that contributed to the difference
from the statutory rate included tax benefits resulting from tax-exempt
interest income, 

 75

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

Results
of Operations

the effect of foreign operations and
other permanent tax items, certain tax benefits associated with the 

partial completion of the Internal Revenue Service
examination covering tax year 2006

 and the
impact of other discrete tax benefits.

For the year
ended December 31, 2014, the effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income was
30.9 percent. 

The significant
factors that contributed to the difference from the statutory rate included tax
benefits resulting from tax exempt interest income and other permanent tax
items, and the impact of discrete tax benefits

. 

For the year
ended December 31, 2013, the effective tax rate on pre-tax operating
income was 28.8 percent. The significant factors that contributed to the
difference from the statutory rate included tax benefits resulting from tax
exempt interest income and other permanent tax items, and the impact of
discrete tax benefits.

Segment Results

We report the results of our operations through two
reportable segments: Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance. The Corporate
and Other category consists of businesses and items not allocated to our
reportable segments.

The
following table summarizes the operations of each reportable segment and
Corporate and Other. See also Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Commercial Insurance*

 $

 1,652

 $

 5,510

 $

 4,980

 Consumer Insurance*

 3,378

 4,474

 4,564

 Corporate and Other

 (883)

 (379)

 (265)

 Consolidations, eliminations and other
 adjustments

 (92)

 (31)

 111

 Pre-tax operating income

 $

 4,055

 $

 9,574

 $

 9,390

 Changes in fair value of securities used
 to hedge guaranteed living

 benefits

 (43)

 260

 (161)

 Changes in benefit reserves and DAC,
 VOBA, and

 SIA related to net realized capital gains
 (losses)

 (15)

 (217)

 (1,608)

 Other income (expense) – net

 (233)

 -

 (72)

 Loss on extinguishment of debt

 (756)

 (2,282)

 (651)

 Net realized capital gains

 776

 739

 1,939

 Income (loss) from divested businesses

 (59)

 2,169

 (177)

 Non-operating litigation reserves and
 settlements

 82

 258

 708

 Reserve development related to
 non-operating run-off

 insurance business

 (30)

 -

 -

 Restructuring and other costs

 (496)

 -

 -

 Pre-tax income

 $

 3,281

 $

 10,501

 $

 9,368

*    Certain 2013
severance expenses for Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance are included
in Corporate & Other.  As these expenses, which totaled $263 million, were
related to an overall AIG initiative to centralize work streams into lower cost
locations, and create a more streamlined organization, they have not been
allocated to the operating segments.  

 76

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

Results
of Operations

 pre-tax
 operating INCOME

(in millions)

 commercial
 insurance

 consumer
 insurance

Pre-tax Income Comparison for 2015 and 2014

Pre-tax income decreased in 2015
compared to 2014 primarily due to:

•

a decrease in Commercial Insurance pre-tax operating income, reflecting
an underwriting loss in 2015 compared to underwriting income in 2014 driven by
adverse prior year loss reserve development from Property Casualty of $3.5
billion in 2015 compared to $655 million in 2014 and lower net investment
income;

•

a
decrease in Consumer Insurance pre-tax operating income
, reflecting lower net investment income, less favorable adjustments
related to the update of actuarial assumptions, less favorable mortality experience
in Life, and an underwriting loss in Personal Insurance in 2015, partially
offset by higher policy and advisory fees;

•

restructuring and other costs; and 

•

lower income from divested businesses as a result of the sale of ILFC in
the second quarter of 2014. 

These decreases were partially
offset by:

•

a lower loss on extinguishment of debt from ongoing liability management
activities;

•

a $264 million increase from the change in the fair value of GMWB and
GMAB embedded derivatives related to variable annuity guaranteed living
benefits, net of all related economic hedges 
(See
Insurance Reserves – Life Insurance Companies DAC and Reserves – Variable
Annuity Guaranteed Features and Hedging Program for additional discussion); and

•

higher net realized capital gains from sales of investments, which
included realized gains on the sales of Class B shares of Prudential Financial,
Inc., a portion of our holdings in PICC P&C shares and common shares of
Springleaf Holdings Inc. (Springleaf), mostly offset by a realized loss on the
sale of ordinary shares of AerCap and an increase in other-than-temporary
impairment charges. 

 77

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

Results
of Operations

Pre-tax Income Comparison for 2014
and 2013

Pre-tax income increased in 2014
compared to 2013 primarily due to: 

•

an increase in pre-tax operating income for Commercial Insurance; 

•

a $2.3 billion increase in income from divested businesses associated
with the gain recognized upon completion of the sale of ILFC in 2014; and 

•

lower c

hanges in benefit reserves and
DAC, VOBA, and SIA related to net realized capital gains, which were 
primarily affected by loss recognition expense

in the
Life Insurance Companies

 of 

$30 million in 2014 compared to $1.5 billion in 2013. The
loss recognition in 2013 was primarily 

attributable
to investment sales in the 

Institutional
Markets and Retirement operating segments

related to capital loss carryforward utilization, with reinvestment of the
sales proceeds at lower yields. Loss recognition expense

 in Corporate and Other was $140 million in 2014 and $98
million in 2013.

These increases were partially
offset by decreases from: 

•

higher loss on extinguishment of debt from on-going debt management
activities; 

•

a decrease in net realized capital gains driven by lower gains from
sales of investments related to capital loss carryforward utilization in 2013;

•

a decrease in legal settlements with financial
institutions that participated in the creation, offering and sale of RMBS from
which we realized losses during the financial crisis, which is reflected in
Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements;

 and

•

a $149 million change in the fair value
of GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives related to variable annuity guaranteed
living benefits, net of the change in fair value of all related economic
hedges.

Net Investment Income

Net investment income is attributed to the operating segments
of Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance based on internal models
consistent with the nature of the underlying businesses.

For Commercial Insurance — Property Casualty and Consumer
Insurance — Personal Insurance, we estimate investable funds based primarily on
loss reserves, unearned premiums and a capital allocation for each operating
segment. The net investment income allocation is calculated based on the
estimated investable funds and risk-free yields (plus a liquidity premium)
consistent with the approximate duration of the liabilities, and excludes net
investment income associated with the run-off insurance lines reported in
Corporate and Other. The remaining excess is attributed to Commercial Insurance
— Property Casualty and Consumer Insurance — Personal Insurance based on the
relative net investment income previously allocated.

For Commercial Insurance — Institutional Markets, Consumer
Insurance — Retirement and Consumer Insurance — Life, net investment income is
attributed based on invested assets from segregated product line portfolios.
Invested assets in excess of liabilities are allocated to product lines based
on internal capital estimates.

 78

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

Results
of Operations

Foreign Currency
Impact

Property Casualty, International
Life and Personal Insurance businesses are transacted in most major foreign
currencies. The following table presents the average of the quarterly weighted
average exchange rates of the currencies that have the most significant impact
on our businesses: 

 Years Ended December 31,

 Percentage Change

 Rate for 1 USD

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Currency:

 JPY

 120.82

 104.43

 95.86

 16

 %

 9

 %

 EUR

 0.89

 0.75

 0.76

 19

 %

 (1)

 %

 GBP

 0.65

 0.61

 0.64

 7

 %

 (5)

 %

Unless
otherwise noted, references to the effects of foreign exchange in the
Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance discussion of results of operations
are with respect to movements in the three currencies included in the preceding
table (the Major Currencies).

Commercial
insurance

Commercial
Insurance Results 

The following table presents Commercial Insurance
results:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Percentage Change

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Revenues:

 Premiums

 $

 22,521

 $

 22,221

 $

 22,096

 1

 %

 1

 %

 Policy fees

 199

 187

 113

 6

 65

 Net investment income

 5,474

 6,393

 6,653

 (14)

 (4)

 Benefits and expenses:

 Policyholder benefits and losses incurred

 20,017

 16,575

 17,002

 21

 (3)

 Interest credited to policyholder account
 balances

 408

 410

 413

 -

 (1)

 Amortization of deferred policy
 acquisition costs

 2,342

 2,512

 2,418

 (7)

 4

 General operating and other expenses*

 3,775

 3,794

 4,049

 (1)

 (6)

 Pre-tax operating income

 $

 1,652

 $

 5,510

 $

 4,980

 (70)

 %

 11

 %

*    Includes
general operating expenses, commissions and other acquisition expenses.

Commercial
Insurance Results by Operating Segment

Commercial
Insurance presents its financial information in three operating segments –
Property Casualty, Mortgage Guaranty and Institutional Markets. The following
section provides a comparative discussion of Commercial Insurance Results of
Operations for 2015, 2014 and 2013 by operating segment. 

 79

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
commercial insurance 

Property Casualty Results

The
following table presents Property Casualty results:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Percentage Change

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Underwriting results:

 Net premiums written

 $

 20,436

 $

 21,020

 $

 20,880

 (3)

 %

 1

 %

 Increase in unearned premiums

 (407)

 (135)

 (203)

 (201)

 33

 Net premiums earned

 20,029

 20,885

 20,677

 (4)

 1

 Losses and loss adjustment expenses
 incurred

 17,274

 14,956

 14,872

 15

 1

 Acquisition expenses:

 Amortization of deferred policy
 acquisition costs

 2,309

 2,486

 2,394

 (7)

 4

 Other acquisition expenses

 907

 796

 937

 14

 (15)

 Total acquisition expenses

 3,216

 3,282

 3,331

 (2)

 (1)

 General operating expenses

 2,542

 2,697

 2,810

 (6)

 (4)

 Underwriting loss

 (3,003)

 (50)

 (336)

 NM

 85

 Net investment income

 3,596

 4,298

 4,431

 (16)

 (3)

 Pre-tax operating income

 $

 593

 $

 4,248

 $

 4,095

 (86)

 %

 4

 %

 NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN 

(in millions

) 

 Pre-Tax oPERATING INCOME

(in millions

) 

2015 and 2014 Comparison

Pre‑tax operating
income

 decreased in 2015 compared to 2014
primarily due to an increase in net adverse prior year loss reserve development
and lower net investment income.  Net adverse prior year loss reserve
development, including related premium adjustments, was $3.5 billion in 2015
compared to $550 million in 2014. The increase in net adverse prior year loss
reserve development 

primarily 
reflected the
loss reserve strengthening of $3.0 billion in the fourth quarter of 2015, in
classes of business with long reporting tails, primarily excess 

and
primary
 casualty and financial lines. Premium
adjustments consisted of return premiums of $49 million in 2015 compared
to additional premiums of $105 million in 2014. See Insurance Reserves –
Non-Life Insurance Companies 

—
 Net Loss
Development for further discussion. Current accident year loss ratio, as
adjusted, increased due to higher casualty and severe losses, which were mostly
offset by improvement in attritional losses in Property and Specialty. 

Net loss reserve discount benefit was $68 million in 2015
compared to a net loss reserve discount charge of $71 

 80

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
commercial insurance 

million
in 2014. See Insurance Reserves 

—
 Non-Life
Insurance Companies – Discounting of Reserves for further discussion.
Catastrophe losses were $581 million in 2015 compared to $602 million in
2014.

Acquisition
expenses

 decreased slightly in 2015
compared to 2014, primarily due to 

the
strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Major Currencies, as discussed
above. Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, acquisition expenses increased
primarily due to an increase in commission expenses in certain classes of
business in Property and Specialty and higher premium taxes and other
assessments reflecting a change in business mix.

General operating
expenses

 decreased in 2015 compared to
2014, primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Major
Currencies, as well as lower employee-related expenses, partially offset by
increased technology-related costs, and the 

acquisition
of NSM, whose expenses were consolidated commencing in the second quarter of
2015.

Net investment income

decreased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to lower income on
alternative investments and a decrease 

in net
investment income related to assets accounted for under the fair value option.

See
MD&A — Investments for additional information on the Non-Life Insurance
Companies invested assets, investment strategy, and asset-liability management
process.

2014 and 2013 Comparison

Pre-tax operating income

increased
in 2014 compared to 2013 due to decreases in underwriting loss, partially
offset by a decrease in net investment income. The decrease in underwriting
loss was primarily due to an increase in production, lower charges due to
changes in discount for workers’ compensation reserves as discussed further under
Insurance Reserves – Non-Life Insurance Companies 

–
 Discounting of Reserves, lower catastrophe losses and
lower general operating expenses. The loss reserve discount charge decreased to
$71 million in 2014 from $322 million in 2013. Catastrophe losses decreased to
$602 million in 2014 from $710 million in 2013. These decreases were
partially offset by higher net adverse prior year loss reserve development in
all lines of business except for Property, and an increase in current accident
year losses reflecting higher frequency of non-severe losses in the Property
and Specialty businesses. The current accident year losses for 2014 included 30
severe losses totaling $592 million compared to 27 severe losses totaling $569
million in the prior year. Net adverse prior year loss reserve development,
including related premium adjustments, was $550 million and $294 million
in 2014 and 2013, respectively, as discussed further under Insurance Reserves –
Non-Life Insurance Companies – Net Loss Development.

Acquisition expenses

decreased
in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to a reduction in expenses related to
personnel engaged in sales support activities, and lower premium taxes and
guaranty fund and other assessments reflecting a change in business mix.

General operating expenses 

decreased
in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to efficiencies from organizational
realignment initiatives, partially offset by higher technology-related expenses
and an increase in bad debt expense. In 2013, general operating expenses
benefitted from an unusually low bad debt expense

. 

Net investment income

decreased
in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a decrease in interest rates during
2014, 

as yields on new purchases were lower than the weighted average
yield of the overall portfolio
, lower income on
alternative investments, and lower income associated with investments accounted
for under the fair value option, as the increase related to the PICC P&C
rights offerings was more than offset by a decrease from fixed maturity
investments accounted for under the fair value option. These were partially
offset by the effect of continued portfolio diversification. The decrease in
allocated net investment income is also due to a reduction in net loss reserves

.

 81

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
commercial insurance 

Property Casualty Net Premiums Written

The following table presents Property Casualty’s net
premiums written by major line of business:

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 Percentage Change in

 Percentage Change in

 U.S. dollars

 Original Currency

 (in
 millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015 vs. 2014

 2014 vs. 2013

 2015 vs. 2014

 2014 vs. 2013

 Casualty

 $

 6,957

 $

 7,649

 $

 8,154

 (9)

 %

 (6)

 %

 (6)

 %

 (6)

 %

 Property

 5,160

 5,136

 4,718

 -

 9

 6

 10

 Specialty

 3,653

 3,714

 3,737

 (2)

 (1)

 3

 -

 Financial
 lines

 4,666

 4,521

 4,271

 3

 6

 9

 6

 Total
 Property Casualty net

 premiums
 written

 $

 20,436

 $

 21,020

 $

 20,880

 (3)

 %

 1

 %

 2

 %

 1

 %

 Property Casualty NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN by
 Line of Business

(in millions)

2015 and 2014 Comparison

Property Casualty net premiums written decreased in 2015
compared to 2014, primarily due to strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the
Major Currencies. Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, net premiums
written increased in 2015 from 2014, primarily due to new business growth
across all regions in all lines except for U.S. Casualty. Additionally, the
increase in net premiums written in U.S. Financial lines reflected higher
renewal in certain targeted growth products. The following paragraphs discuss the
changes within our lines of business exclusive of the effect of foreign
exchange. 

Casualty

 net premiums written decreased in 2015
compared to 2014, reflecting continued execution of our strategy to enhance the
portfolio mix, particularly in the U.S., and rate pressure.  Additionally, net
premiums written included return premiums related to the loss sensitive
businesses of $49 million for 2015 compared to additional premiums of $105
million in 2014. An increase in new business in targeted growth products in
2015, particularly in EMEA, was more than offset by the declines in the U.S.

 82

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
commercial insurance 

Property

 net premiums
written increased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to strong growth in
new business across all regions. 

Specialty

 net premiums written increased in 2015
compared to 2014, primarily due to new business increases related to targeted
growth products across all regions, partially offset by a decrease in certain
classes of business, particularly in the U.S. as a result of the effect of our
strategy to enhance risk selection.

Financial lines 

net premiums written increased in
2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to strong growth in new business and higher
retention related to targeted growth products across all regions. Additionally,
2015 reflected the first quarter renewal of a multi-year E&O policy in the
U.S. 

2014 and 2013 Comparison

Property Casualty net premiums
written increased in 2014 compared to 2013, reflecting increases in new
business related to targeted growth products in Property and Financial lines. 

The
following paragraphs discuss the changes within our lines of business exclusive
of the effect of foreign exchange.

Casualty

net premiums
written decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to the effect on
renewals from our strategy to enhance risk selection, particularly in the
Americas. Strong growth and new writings in certain lines of business,
particularly in EMEA, were more than offset by the declines in the Americas.

Property 

net premiums
written increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to new business
increases in targeted growth products, and optimization of Property Casualty’s
reinsurance structure as part of its decision to retain more favorable risks
while continuing to manage aggregate exposure

.  

Specialty

net premiums
written decreased slightly in 2014, compared to 2013 primarily reflecting lower
retention and rate decline in the EMEA region. This decline was largely offset
by new business increases related to targeted growth products, including growth
in small‑ and medium‑sized enterprise markets in the Americas
region

.   

Financial lines

net premiums
written increased in 2014, compared to 2013 reflecting growth in new business
related to targeted growth products across all regions, as well as a favorable
rate environment in the U.S

. 

Property
Casualty Net Premiums Written by Region

The following table presents Property Casualty’s net
premiums written by region:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Percentage Change in

 Percentage Change in

 U.S. dollars

 Original Currency

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Property Casualty:

 Americas

 $

 13,572

 $

 13,799

 $

 14,050

 (2)

 %

 (2)

 %

 (1)

 %

 (2)

 %

 Asia Pacific

 1,936

 2,029

 2,035

 (5)

 -

 7

 5

 EMEA

 4,928

 5,192

 4,795

 (5)

 8

 6

 7

 Total net premiums written

 $

 20,436

 $

 21,020

 $

 20,880

 (3)

 %

 1

 %

 2

 %

 1

 %

 83

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
commercial insurance 

 property casualty
 NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN by Region 

 (in millions)

The following paragraphs discuss
the changes in net premiums written on a constant dollar basis, which exclude
the effect of foreign exchange.

2015 and 2014 Comparison

The Americas 

net premiums written decreased in 2015 compared to 2014,
primarily due to

 continued execution of our
strategy to enhance risk selection and optimize our product portfolio in
Casualty,

 largely offset by strong growth in
new business 

related to targeted growth
products in Property, Specialty and 

Financial
lines. 

 Additionally, for 

2015, net premiums written reflected the renewal of a
multi-year E&O policy in the U.S.

Asia Pacific 

net premiums written increased in 2015 compared to 2014,
primarily due to 

new business and higher
retention 

in all lines of business.

EMEA 

net premiums written increased in 2015 compared to 2014,
primarily due to new business growth in targeted growth products across all
lines of business. 

2014 and 2013 Comparison

The Americas 

net premiums written decreased in 2014 compared to 2013,
primarily due to declines in new business growth and rate pressure,
particularly in the Casualty business. However, for 2014, the decrease in net
premiums written was partially offset by lower ceded premiums from catastrophe
reinsurance transactions described above in 2014 compared to 2013.

Asia Pacific 

net premiums written increased slightly in 2014 compared to
2013, primarily due to increases in targeted growth products, and changes to
optimize our reinsurance structure as part of our decision to retain more
favorable risks while continuing to manage aggregate exposure, particularly in
Japan. 

EMEA 

net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013,
due to new business growth across all lines of businesses, except for
Specialty.

 84

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
commercial insurance 

Property Casualty Underwriting Ratios

The following tables present the Property Casualty
combined ratios based on GAAP data and reconciliation to the accident year
combined ratio, as adjusted:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Increase (Decrease)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Loss ratio

 86.2

 71.6

 71.9

 14.6

 (0.3)

 Catastrophe losses and reinstatement
 premiums

 (2.9)

 (2.9)

 (3.4)

 -

 0.5

 Prior year development net of premium
 adjustments

 (17.5)

 (2.8)

 (1.5)

 (14.7)

 (1.3)

 Net reserve discount benefit (charge)

 0.4

 (0.3)

 (1.6)

 0.7

 1.3

 Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted

 66.2

 65.6

 65.4

 0.6

 0.2

 Acquisition ratio

 16.1

 15.7

 16.1

 0.4

 (0.4)

 General operating expense ratio 

 12.7

 12.9

 13.6

 (0.2)

 (0.7)

 Expense ratio

 28.8

 28.6

 29.7

 0.2

 (1.1)

 Combined ratio

 115.0

 100.2

 101.6

 14.8

 (1.4)

 Catastrophe losses and reinstatement
 premiums

 (2.9)

 (2.9)

 (3.4)

 -

 0.5

 Prior year development net of premium
 adjustments

 (17.5)

 (2.8)

 (1.5)

 (14.7)

 (1.3)

 Net reserve discount benefit (charge)

 0.4

 (0.3)

 (1.6)

 0.7

 1.3

 Accident year combined ratio, as adjusted

 95.0

 94.2

 95.1

 0.8

 (0.9)

 property casualty ratios

See Insurance Reserves – Non-Life Insurance
Companies for further discussion of discounting of reserves and prior year
development.

 85

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
commercial insurance 

The following tables present 

Property Casualty’s

 accident year
catastrophe and severe losses by region and number of events:

Catastrophes(a)

 # of

 Asia

 (in
 millions)

 Events

 Americas

 Pacific

 EMEA

 Total

 Year
 Ended December 31, 2015

 Flooding

 4

 $

 74

 $

 -

 $

 69

 $

 143

 Windstorms
 and hailstorms

 14

 274

 121

 15

 410

 Wildfire

 1

 9

 -

 -

 9

 Tropical
 cyclone

 1

 -

 12

 -

 12

 Earthquakes

 1

 7

 -

 -

 7

 Total
 catastrophe-related charges

 21

 $

 364

 $

 133

 $

 84

 $

 581

 Year
 Ended December 31, 2014

 Flooding

 1

 $

 16

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 16

 Windstorms
 and hailstorms

 14

 306

 63

 21

 390

 Tropical
 cyclone

 4

 96

 34

 15

 145

 Earthquakes

 1

 48

 -

 1

 49

 Reinstatement
 premiums

 -

 -

 2

 2

 Total
 catastrophe-related charges

 20

 $

 466

 $

 97

 $

 39

 $

 602

 Year
 Ended December 31, 2013

 Flooding

 8

 $

 195

 $

 8

 $

 114

 $

 317

 Windstorms
 and hailstorms

 10

 205

 -

 78

 283

 Wildfire

 1

 40

 -

 -

 40

 Tropical
 cyclone

 3

 4

 66

 -

 70

 Total
 catastrophe-related charges

 22

 $

 444

 $

 74

 $

 192

 $

 710

(a) Catastrophes
are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact on AIG in excess of
$10 million each. 

Severe Losses(b)

 Years Ended December 31,

 #
 of

 Asia

 (in millions)

 Events

 Americas

 Pacific

 EMEA

 Total

 2015

 29

 $

 378

 $

 27

 $

 294

 $

 699

 2014

 30

 $

 169

 $

 73

 $

 350

 $

 592

 2013

 27

 $

 139

 $

 184

 $

 246

 $

 569

(b) 

Severe losses are defined as non-catastrophe individual
first party losses and surety losses greater than $10 million, net of related
reinsurance and salvage and subrogation.

2015 and
2014 Comparison 

The loss ratio
and combined ratio increased by 14.6 points and 14.8 points, respectively, in
2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to higher net adverse prior year loss
development.

The accident
year combined ratio, as adjusted, increased by 0.8 points in 2015 compared to
2014 primarily due to a higher accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, and an
increase in the acquisition ratio.

The accident
year loss ratio, as adjusted, increased by 0.6 points in 2015 compared to 2014,
primarily due to higher casualty and severe losses, partially offset by lower
attritional losses in U.S. Property, and Specialty, particularly in the U.S.
and EMEA. Severe losses represented approximately 3.5 points and 2.8 points of
the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, respectively, in 2015 and 2014. 

The
acquisition ratio increased by 0.4 points in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily
due to higher commission expenses in certain classes of business in Property
and Specialty and higher premium taxes and other assessments reflecting a
change in business mix.  

 86

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
commercial insurance 

The general operating expense
ratio decreased by 0.2 points in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to lower
employee-related expenses partially offset by additional expense resulting from
the NSM acquisition and higher technology-related expenses.

2014 and
2013 Comparison

The combined
ratio decreased by 1.4 points in 2014 compared to 2013 reflecting decreases in
the expense ratio and the loss ratio. 

The accident
year combined ratio, as adjusted, decreased by 0.9 points in 2014 compared
2013, primarily due to lower expense ratio which was partially offset by a
higher accident year loss ratio, as adjusted.

The accident
year loss ratio, as adjusted, increased by 0.2 points in 2014, compared to
2013, primarily due to higher frequency of non-severe losses, particularly in
Property and Specialty businesses. This was partially offset by an improvement
in Financial lines, particularly in the U.S., reflecting enhanced risk
selection and pricing discipline. Severe losses represented approximately 2.8
points of the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, in both 2014 and 2013. 

The
acquisition ratio decreased by 0.4 points in 2014 compared to 2013,
primarily due to a reduction in expenses of personnel engaged in sales support
activities and lower premium taxes and guaranty fund and other assessments.

The general
operating expense ratio decreased by 0.7 points in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily
due to efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives, partially
offset by higher technology-related expenses and an increase in bad debt
expense. In 2013, general operating expenses benefitted from an unusually low
bad debt expense.

Mortgage
Guaranty Results

The following table presents Mortgage Guaranty results:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Percentage Change

 (dollars in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Underwriting results:

 Net premiums written

 $

 1,050

 $

 1,024

 $

 1,048

 3

 %

 (2)

 %

 Increase in unearned premiums

 (138)

 (120)

 (239)

 (15)

 50

 Net premiums earned

 912

 904

 809

 1

 12

 Losses and loss adjustment expenses
 incurred

 160

 223

 514

 (28)

 (57)

 Acquisition expenses:

 Amortization of deferred policy
 acquisition costs

 30

 22

 20

 36

 10

 Other acquisition expenses

 51

 49

 60

 4

 (18)

 Total acquisition expenses

 81

 71

 80

 14

 (11)

 General operating expenses

 166

 156

 142

 6

 10

 Underwriting income

 505

 454

 73

 11

 NM

 Net investment income

 139

 138

 132

 1

 5

 Pre-tax operating income

 644

 592

 205

 9

 189

 Key metrics:

 Prior year loss reserve development
 (favorable)/

 unfavorable

 $

 (69)

 $

 (104)

 $

 30

 (34)

 %

 NM

 %

 Domestic first-lien:

 New insurance written

 $

 50,842

 $

 42,038

 $

 49,356

 21

 (15)

 Combined ratio

 44.6

 52.6

 91.1

 Risk in force

 $

 47,442

 $

 42,106

 $

 36,367

 13

 16

 60+ day delinquency ratio on primary
 loans(a)

 3.4

 %

 4.4

 %

 5.9

 %

 Domestic second-lien:

 Risk in force(b)

 $

 399

 $

 446

 $

 1,026

 (11)

 (57)

 87

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
commercial insurance 

(a) Based on number of policies.

(b) 
Represents the full amount of
second-lien loans insured reduced for contractual aggregate loss limits on
certain pools of loans, which is usually 10 percent of the full amount of
loans insured in each pool. Certain second-lien pools have reinstatement provisions,
which will expire as the loan balances are repaid

.

 Pre-Tax oPERATING INCOME 

(in millions)

 domestic first-lien new insurance written on mortgage loans

(in millions)

The following table presents Mortgage Guaranty
first-lien results:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Percentage Change

 (dollars in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Underwriting results:

 Net premiums written

 $

 990

 $

 929

 $

 950

 7

 %

 (2)

 %

 Increase in unearned premiums

 (137)

 (117)

 (256)

 (17)

 54

 Net premiums earned

 853

 812

 694

 5

 17

 Losses and loss adjustment expenses
 incurred

 174

 233

 462

 (25)

 (50)

 Acquisition expenses:

 Amortization of deferred policy
 acquisition costs

 29

 21

 16

 38

 31

 Other acquisition expenses

 52

 49

 60

 6

 (18)

 Total acquisition expenses

 81

 70

 76

 16

 (8)

 General operating expenses

 150

 124

 95

 21

 31

 Underwriting income

 448

 385

 61

 16

 NM

 Net investment income

 127

 124

 116

 2

 7

 Pre-tax operating income

 $

 575

 $

 509

 $

 177

 13

 %

 188

 %

2015 and 2014 Comparison

Pre-tax
operating income

 increased in 2015 compared to 2014 due to an increase in
first-lien net premiums earned as a result of higher new insurance written
increasing the amount of insurance in-force, an acceleration of earnings on the
cancellations of single premium business for which a return premium is
generally not required, and a decline in incurred losses from lower delinquency
rates and higher cure rates. Offsetting these increases in operating income was
a reduction in favorable prior year loss development of $35 million primarily
related to a settlement with a large lender which resulted in $64 million of
favorable prior year loss development in 2014.

 88

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
commercial insurance 

First-Lien Results

First-lien
pre-tax operating income

 increased $66 million in 2015 compared to 2014,
primarily due to improved underwriting income as a result of a $41 million
increase in first-lien net premiums earned in 2015 compared to 2014, largely
from growth in the book of business and the acceleration of premiums earned as
a result of cancellations of single premium business. Additionally, there was a
$72 million decrease in accident year losses offset in part by a $13 million
reduction in prior year loss development, which was driven primarily by $57
million of favorable prior year loss development from a settlement with a large
lender in 2014.  The increases in operating income were offset in part by a $37
million increase in acquisition and general operating expenses. The combined
ratio was 47.5 points in 2015, compared to 52.6 points in 2014, reflecting a
decrease in the loss ratio, partially offset by an increase in the expense
ratio.

Acquisition
expenses

 increased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily as a result of sales
support solicitation activities, which generated new insurance written.

General
operating expenses

 increased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to an
increase in costs related to servicing the growth of the in-force business,
technology-related and customer service initiatives expenses and severance.

Other Business Results

Other business results include international mortgage
insurance operations and the run-off portfolios of second-lien insurance and
student loan insurance.

The Other
business’ pre-tax operating income

 for 2015 was $69 million compared to $82
million in 2014. The decrease in pre-tax operating income was due to a decrease
in net premiums earned and net investment income offset by the decrease in
general operating expenses and losses and loss adjustment expenses, which
included $35 million of favorable prior year loss development largely
attributable to recoveries on previously paid claims.

2014 and 2013 Comparison

Pre-tax operating income

 increased in 2014 compared
to 2013 due to a decline in incurred losses from lower delinquency rates,
higher cure rates and an increase in first-lien net premiums earned reflecting
higher persistency.

First Lien Results

First-lien pre-tax operating income

 increased in 2014
compared to 2013, primarily due to improved underwriting income as a result of
a $229 million decrease in first-lien losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred reflecting fewer new delinquencies, favorable prior year loss reserve
development, and higher cure rates. In addition, first-lien pre-tax operating
income increased due to a $119 million increase in first-lien net premiums
earned in 2014 compared to 2013, largely from growth in the book of business,
higher persistency, and, to a lesser extent, the acceleration of premiums
earned as the result of the recognition of a shorter expected coverage period
on certain single premium business. The decrease in first-lien losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred combined with the increase in earned premiums
resulted in an improved combined ratio of 52.6 points in 2014 compared to 91.1
points in 2013.

Acquisition expenses

 decreased in 2014 compared to 2013,
primarily as a result of the decrease in new insurance written related to the
decline in mortgage originations. 

General operating expenses

 increased in 2014 compared
to 2013 due to increased technology expenses and an impairment charge on
certain capitalized technology costs.

Other Business Results

The Other business’ pre-tax operating income

 for 2014
was $82 million compared to $27 million in 2013. The increase in pre-tax
operating income is due to a decline in losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred of $62 million and a $17 million reduction in underwriting expenses, partially
offset by a decline in net premiums earned of $22 million and a decline in net
investment income of $2 million.

 89

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
commercial insurance 

New Insurance Written

Domestic first-lien
new insurance written increased to a record level of $50.8 billion in 2015
compared to $42.0 billion in 2014, driven by an increase in refinancing,
improvements in existing home sales due to lower down payment requirements and
new purchase volume.

The decline in domestic first-lien new insurance written to
$42.0 billion in 2014 from $49.4 billion in 2013 was primarily due to the
contraction in the mortgage originations market and an increase in competition.

Delinquency Inventory

The delinquency inventory for domestic first-lien business
declined during 2015 as a result of cures and paid claims exceeding the number
of newly reported delinquencies. Mortgage Guaranty’s first-lien primary
delinquency ratio at December 31, 2015 was 3.4 percent compared to 4.4 percent
at December 31, 2014. Over the last several years, Mortgage Guaranty has
experienced a decline in newly reported defaults and an increase in cure rates.

The delinquency inventory for domestic first lien business
declined during 2014 as a result of cures and paid claims exceeding the number
of newly reported delinquencies. Mortgage Guaranty’s first lien primary
delinquency ratio at December 31, 2014 was 4.4 percent compared to 5.9 percent
at December 31, 2013. 

The following table provides a summary of activity in
Mortgage Guaranty’s domestic first lien delinquency inventory:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (number of policies)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Number of delinquencies at the beginning
 of the year

 38,357

 47,518

 62,832

 Newly reported

 39,619

 47,239

 56,194

 Cures

 (36,279)

 (42,680)

 (51,283)

 Claims paid

 (8,451)

 (11,601)

 (19,862)

 Other

 (1,961)

 (2,119)

 (363)

 Number of delinquencies at the end of the
 year

 31,285

 38,357

 47,518

Mortgage Guaranty Underwriting Ratios

The following tables present the Mortgage Guaranty
combined ratios based on GAAP data:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Increase (Decrease)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Loss ratio

 17.5

 24.7

 63.5

 (7.2)

 (38.8)

 Acquisition ratio

 8.9

 7.8

 9.9

 1.1

 (2.1)

 General operating expense ratio

 18.2

 17.3

 17.5

 0.9

 (0.2)

 Expense ratio

 27.1

 25.1

 27.4

 2.0

 (2.3)

 Combined ratio

 44.6

 49.8

 90.9

 (5.2)

 (41.1)

2015
and 2014 Comparison 

The combined
ratio decreased by 5.2 points in 2015 compared to 2014. The decrease in the
ratio in 2015 was driven primarily by a reduction in the loss ratio due to a
decrease in incurred losses driven by lower delinquencies and higher cure
rates, partially offset by a reduction in favorable prior year loss development.

The
acquisition ratio increased by 1.1 points in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily
due to the increases in sales-related activities supporting the $8.8 billion
increase in new insurance written.

 90

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
commercial insurance 

The general operating expense ratio increased by 0.9 points
in 

2015

compared to 2014, primarily due to an increase in 

technology-related expenses, customer service initiatives
and severance

.

2014
and 2013 Comparison 

The combined
ratio decreased by 41.1 points in 2014 compared to 2013. The decrease was
driven primarily by a reduction in the loss ratio due to lower losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred from fewer new delinquencies, favorable prior year
loss reserve development, and higher cure rates.

The
acquisition ratio decreased by 2.1 points in 2014 compared to 2013.  Acquisition
expenses decreased compared to an increase in net premiums earned, driven by
the decreases in new insurance written in 2014 due to lower mortgage
originations.

The general
operating expense ratio decreased by 0.2 points in 2014 compared to 2013.  The
decrease was driven primarily by growth in net premiums earned.

Institutional Markets Results

The following table presents Institutional Markets results:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Percentage Change

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Revenues:

 Premiums

 $

 1,580

 $

 432

 $

 610

 266

 %

 (29)

 %

 Policy fees

 199

 187

 113

 6

 65

 Net investment income

 1,739

 1,957

 2,090

 (11)

 (6)

 Benefits and expenses:

 Policyholder benefits and losses incurred

 2,583

 1,396

 1,616

 85

 (14)

 Interest credited to policyholder account
 balances

 408

 410

 413

 -

 (1)

 Amortization of deferred policy
 acquisition costs

 3

 4

 4

 (25)

 -

 Other acquisition expenses

 32

 30

 36

 7

 (17)

 General operating expenses

 77

 66

 64

 17

 3

 Pre-tax operating income

 $

 415

 $

 670

 $

 680

 (38)

 (1)

 91

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
commercial insurance 

 INSTITUTIONAL MARKETS pre-tax
 OPERATING INCOME 

(

in millions)

2015 and 2014 Comparison

Pre-tax operating income

in 2015 decreased compared to 2014, primarily due to a decrease in net
investment income. Fee income increased in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by
growth in reserves and assets under management, primarily from continued
development of the stable value wrap business. The notional amount of stable
value wrap assets under management at December 31, 2015 grew by $3.0 billion or
nine percent from December 31, 2014. The increases in premiums and benefit
expense in 2015 compared to 2014 were primarily due to the premiums received
and establishment of future policy benefit reserves for terminal funding
annuities issued in 2015.

Net investment income

 in
2015 decreased compared to 2014, primarily due to lower returns on alternative
investments in hedge funds and lower yield enhancements from bond call and
tender income. See MD&A – Investments – Life Insurance Companies for
additional information on th
e investment strategy,
asset-liability management process and invested assets of our Life Insurance
Companies, which include the invested assets of the Institutional Markets
business.

General
operating expenses

 in 2015 increased
compared to 2014
, primarily due to higher state guaranty fund assessment
expenses, technology investments and higher interest expense.

2014 and 2013 Comparison

Pre-tax
operating income

 for
2014 decreased slightly compared to 2013, as a decrease in net investment
income was only partially offset by an increase in fee income. The increase in
fee income was driven by growth in reserves and assets under management,
primarily from strong development of the stable value wrap business.

The notional amount of stable value
wrap assets under management at December 31, 2014 grew by $7.8 billion or 32
percent from December 31, 2013, which excluded a $2.5 billion deposit to the
separate accounts for a stable value funding agreement. Growth in reserves also
reflected a GIC deposit of $450 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 under a
funding agreement-backed notes issuance program, in which an unaffiliated,
non-consolidated statutory trust issues to investors medium-term notes, which
are secured by GICs issued by one of the Life Insurance Companies. Under the
funding agreement-backed notes program, issuances will be made
opportunistically based upon pricing and demand available in the marketplace.

Net investment income

 for
2014 decreased compared to 2013, primarily due to lower net investment income
from alternative investments and from the base portfolio. The 2014 decrease in
alternative investment income of $41 million compared to 2013 primarily
reflected high hedge fund income in 2013 due to favorable equity market
conditions. The decrease in base net investment income in 2014 compared to 2013
primarily reflected lower base portfolio yield as a result of reinvestment in
the 

 92

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
commercial insurance 

low interest rate environment, partially offset by
growth in average assets. See MD&A – Investments – Life Insurance Companies
for additional information on th
e investment
strategy, asset-liability management process and invested assets of our Life
Insurance Companies, which include the invested assets of the Institutional
Markets business. 

General
operating expenses

 in 2014 increased
slightly compared to 2013, primarily due to investments in technology.

Institutional
Markets Premiums, Deposits and Net Flows

For Institutional Markets, premiums represent amounts
received on traditional life insurance policies and life-contingent payout
annuities or structured settlements. Premiums and deposits is a non‑GAAP
financial measure that includes direct and assumed premiums as well as deposits
received on universal life insurance and investment-type annuity contracts,
including GICs and stable value wrap funding agreements.

The
following table presents a reconciliation of Institutional Markets premiums and
deposits to GAAP premiums:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Premiums and deposits

 $

 1,782

 $

 3,797

 $

 991

 Deposits

 (169)

 (3,344)

 (354)

 Other

 (33)

 (21)

 (27)

 Premiums 

 $

 1,580

 $

 432

 $

 610

Premiums and
deposits for 2015 decreased compared to 2014, primarily due to a $2.5 billion
deposit to the separate accounts of one of the Life Insurance Companies for a
stable value wrap funding agreement that was reflected in 2014. Excluding the
$2.5 billion deposit in the prior year period, premiums and deposits for 2015
increased compared to 2014, primarily due to higher premiums, which reflected
increased sales of terminal funding annuities in 2015.

The decrease
in premiums in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to a high volume of
single-premium products sold in 2013, including life-contingent payout annuities. 
Sales of these products decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 due to a more
competitive environment as well as continued low interest rates.  The increase
in deposits in 2014 compared to 2013 included a $2.5 billion deposit to the
separate accounts of one of the Life Insurance Companies for a stable value wrap
funding agreement. The majority of stable value wrap sales are measured based
on the notional amount included in assets under management, but do not include
the receipt of funds that would be included in premiums and deposits.  The
increase in deposits in 2014 compared to 2013 also reflected a $450 million GIC
issued in 2014. 

 93

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

Consumer
insurance

Consumer
Insurance Results

The following table presents Consumer Insurance results:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Percentage Change

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Revenues:

 Premiums

 $

 14,085

 $

 14,936

 $

 15,302

 (6)

 %

 (2)

 %

 Policy fees

 2,557

 2,453

 2,252

 4

 9

 Net investment income

 8,322

 9,082

 9,352

 (8)

 (3)

 Other income

 2,105

 1,998

 1,754

 5

 14

 Benefits and expenses:

 Policyholder benefits and losses incurred

 10,475

 10,796

 10,957

 (3)

 (1)

 Interest credited to policyholder account
 balances

 3,316

 3,353

 3,477

 (1)

 (4)

 Amortization of deferred policy
 acquisition costs

 2,887

 2,759

 2,836

 5

 (3)

 General operating and other expenses*

 7,013

 7,087

 6,826

 (1)

 4

 Pre-tax operating income

 $

 3,378

 $

 4,474

 $

 4,564

 (24)

 %

 (2)

 %

*    Includes general operating expenses, non deferrable
commissions, other acquisition expenses, advisory fee expenses and other
expenses. 

Consumer Insurance Results by Operating Segment

Consumer Insurance presents its operating results in three
operating segments – Retirement, Life and Personal Insurance. The following
section provides a comparative discussion of Consumer Insurance Results of
Operations for 2015, 2014 and 2013 by operating segment.

Retirement Results

The following table presents Retirement results: 

 Years Ended December 31,

 Percentage Change

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Revenues:

 Premiums

 $

 168

 $

 287

 $

 188

 (41)

 %

 53

 %

 Policy fees

 1,072

 1,010

 861

 6

 17

 Net investment income

 6,002

 6,489

 6,628

 (8)

 (2)

 Advisory fee and other income

 2,056

 1,998

 1,754

 3

 14

 Benefits and expenses:

 Policyholder benefits and losses incurred

 511

 537

 364

 (5)

 48

 Interest credited to policyholder account
 balances

 2,823

 2,846

 2,935

 (1)

 (3)

 Amortization of deferred policy
 acquisition costs

 480

 346

 273

 39

 27

 Non deferrable insurance commissions

 282

 265

 249

 6

 6

 Advisory fee expenses

 1,349

 1,315

 1,175

 3

 12

 General operating expenses

 1,014

 980

 945

 3

 4

 Pre-tax operating income

 $

 2,839

 $

 3,495

 $

 3,490

 (19)

 %

 -

 %

 94

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

 RETIREMENT pre-tax OPERATING INCOME 

(

in millions)

2015 and
2014 Comparison

Pre-tax
operating income 

in 2015 decreased
compared to 2014, primarily due to lower net investment income and a lower net
positive adjustment to reflect the update of actuarial assumptions, partially
offset by growth in fee income. In addition, DAC amortization in Retirement
Income Solutions increased in 2015 due to growth in the business and lower equity
market returns compared to 2014. Base net investment income decreased in 2015,
which resulted in base spreads compression, but this decrease was partially
offset by higher policy fees due to growth in variable annuity separate account
assets under management, principally driven by positive net flows.

Pre-tax
operating income in 

both years included a net
positive impact from the update of certain estimated gross profit assumptions
used to amortize DAC and related items in the investment-oriented product
lines, which resulted in a $140 million net increase in pre-tax operating
income in 2015, compared to a $246 million net increase in pre-tax operating
income in 2014. See Insurance Reserves - Life Insurance Companies DAC and
Reserves – Update of Actuarial Assumptions for amounts by product line and
financial statement line item and additional discussion.

Net
investment income

for 2015 decreased compared to 2014, primarily due to lower
returns on alternative investments in hedge funds and lower base net investment
income.

Base net investment income for 2015 decreased compared to
2014, primarily due to the effect of lower base yields from reinvestment at
rates below the weighted average yield of the overall portfolio. See
Investments – Life Insurance Companies for additional information on th
e investment strategy, asset-liability management process
and invested assets of our Life Insurance Companies, which include the invested
assets of the Retirement business.

Overall,
Retirement fixed maturity portfolio yields in 2015 declined compared to 2014,
primarily as a result of investment purchases and investment of portfolio cash
flows at rates below the weighted average yield of the existing portfolio given
the sustained low interest rate environment. While average interest crediting
rates were down slightly due to active rate management, the decline in base
yield resulted in spread compression in Fixed Annuities base spreads compared
to 2014. Group Retirement base spread was flat compared to 2014, due to
slightly lower average crediting rates as well as additional accretion income
in 2015, which helped offset the decline in yield on the base portfolio. See
Spread Management below for additional discussion.

 95

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

General operating expenses

 i

ncreased in 2015
compared to 2014, due in part to technology investments and higher expenses
associated with continued strong sales in the Retirement Income Solutions
product line.

2014 and
2013 Comparison

Pre-tax
operating income 

for Retirement in 2014
was comparable to 2013, as higher policy fees and the higher positive impact of
actuarial assumption updates were offset by lower net investment income from
alternative investments. The increase in policy fees was driven by growth in
variable annuity separate account assets from positive net flows and favorable
equity markets. A higher volume of commissions and advisory fees included in
Other income, net of related expenses, was driven by increased assets under
management

. 

Pre-tax
operating income in 

both years included a net
positive impact from the update of certain estimated gross profit assumptions
used to amortize DAC and related items in the investment-oriented product
lines, which resulted in a $246 million net increase in pre-tax operating
income in 2014, compared to a $233 million net increase in pre-tax operating
income in 2013. See Insurance Reserves - Life Insurance Companies DAC and
Reserves – Update of Actuarial Assumptions for amounts by product line and
financial statement line item and additional discussion.

Net
investment income

 for 2014 decreased
compared to 2013, primarily due to a $158 million decrease in income from
alternative investments, including lower hedge fund income, which in 2013 had
benefited from favorable equity market conditions and several large hedge fund
redemptions. The decrease in hedge fund income in 2014 compared to 2013 was
partially offset by an increase in private equity fund income.

Base net
investment income for 2014 increased slightly compared to 2013, as
participation income on a commercial mortgage loan and income from the
redemption of an invested asset in 2014 more than offset the effect of lower
base yields from reinvestment at rates below the weighted average yield of the
overall portfolio. See Investments – Life Insurance Companies for additional
information on 

th
e
investment strategy, asset-liability management process and invested assets of
our Life Insurance Companies, 

which include the invested assets of the Retirement business.

Overall,
Retirement fixed maturity portfolio yields in 2014 declined compared to 2013,
primarily as a result of investment purchases and investment of portfolio cash
flows at rates below the weighted average yield of the existing portfolio in
the historically low interest rate environment. 

The Fixed Annuities and Group Retirement product lines were able to
maintain base spreads in 2014 at a level comparable to 2013, and Retirement
Income 

Solutions base

 spread increased, as a result of active crediting rate
management. See Spread Management below for additional discussion.

General
operating expenses

 increased in 2014
compared to 2013, due in part to technology investments and the volume of
continued sales growth of annuities in the Retirement Income Solutions and
Fixed Annuities product lines.

Spread Management

The contractual
provisions for renewal of crediting rates and guaranteed minimum crediting
rates included in products may reduce spreads in a sustained low interest rate
environment and thus reduce future profitability. Although this interest rate
risk is partially mitigated through the Life Insurance Companies’ asset‑liability
management process, product design elements and crediting rate strategies, a
sustained low interest rate environment may negatively affect future
profitability.

Disciplined
pricing on new business and active crediting rate management are used in the
Fixed Annuities and Group Retirement product lines to partially offset the
impact of a continued decline in base yields resulting from investment of
available cash flows in the low interest rate environment.

Disciplined
pricing on new business

 is used to pursue
new sales of annuity products at targeted net investment spreads in the current
rate environment. Retirement has an active product management process to ensure
that new business offerings appropriately reflect the current interest rate
environment. To the extent that Retirement cannot achieve targeted net
investment spreads on new business, products are re-priced or no longer sold.
Additionally, where appropriate, existing products that had higher minimum rate
guarantees have been re-filed with lower crediting rates as permitted under
state 

 96

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

insurance laws for new sales. As a result, new
sales of fixed annuity products generally have minimum interest rate guarantees
of one percent.

Renewal
crediting rate management

 is done under
contractual provisions in annuity products that were designed to allow
crediting rates to be reset at pre-established intervals in accordance with
state and federal laws and subject to minimum crediting rate guarantees.
Retirement will continue to adjust crediting rates on in-force business to
mitigate the pressure on spreads from declining base yields. In addition to
deferred annuity products, certain traditional long-duration products for which
Retirement does not have the ability to adjust interest rates, such as payout
annuities, are exposed to reduced earnings and potential loss recognition
reserve increases in a sustained low interest rate environment.

As of December
31, 2015, Retirement’s fixed annuity reserves, which include fixed options
offered within variable annuities sold in the Group Retirement and Retirement
Income Solutions product lines as well as reserves of the Fixed Annuities
product line, had minimum guaranteed interest rates ranging from one percent to
5.5 percent, with the higher rates representing guarantees on older in-force
products. As indicated in the table below, approximately 73 percent of annuity
account values were at their minimum crediting rates as of December 31, 2015,
compared to 71 percent at December 31, 2014. As a result of disciplined pricing
on new business and the run-off of older business with higher minimum crediting
rates, fixed annuity account values having contractual minimum guaranteed rates
above one percent decreased to 74 percent of total fixed annuity reserves at
December 31, 2015 from 79 percent at December 31, 2014

.

The
following table presents fixed annuity account values by contractual minimum
guaranteed interest rate and current crediting rates:

 Current Crediting Rates

 December 31, 2015

 1-50
 Basis

 More
 than 50

 Contractual Minimum Guaranteed 

 At
 Contractual

 Points
 Above

 Basis
 Points

 Interest Rate

 Minimum

 Minimum

 Above
 Minimum

 (in millions)

 Guarantee

 Guarantee

 Guarantee

 Total

 Fixed annuities *

 1%

 $

 5,896

 $

 6,340

 $

 12,635

 $

 24,871

 > 1% - 2%

 12,659

 2,341

 2,974

 17,974

 > 2% - 3%

 30,611

 473

 1,067

 32,151

 > 3% - 4%

 12,231

 50

 10

 12,291

 > 4% - 5%

 7,671

 -

 4

 7,675

 > 5% - 5.5%

 202

 -

 5

 207

 Total

 $

 69,270

 $

 9,204

 $

 16,695

 $

 95,169

 Percentage of total

 73

 %

 10

 %

 17

 %

 100

 %

*    Fixed
annuities shown include fixed options within variable annuities sold in Group
Retirement and Retirement Income Solutions product lines.

Retirement Premiums and Deposits,
Surrenders and Net Flows

Premiums 

For Retirement, premiums primarily represent amounts
received on life-contingent payout annuities. Premiums and deposits is a non‑GAAP
financial measure that includes, in addition to direct and assumed premiums,
deposits received on investment-type annuity contracts and mutual funds
.

The
following table presents a reconciliation of Retirement premiums and deposits
to GAAP premiums:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Premiums and deposits*

 $

 25,241

 $

 24,023

 $

 23,729

 Deposits

 (25,078)

 (23,903)

 (23,690)

 Other

 5

 167

 149

 Premiums 

 $

 168

 $

 287

 $

 188

 97

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

* Excludes activity related to closed blocks of fixed and
variable annuities.

Premiums

have fluctuated
since 2013 primarily due to changes in immediate annuity premiums in the Fixed
Annuities product line.

Premiums and Deposits and Net Flows 

The following table presents
Retirement premiums and deposits and net flows by product line:

 Percentage Change

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Fixed Annuities

 $

 3,702

 $

 3,578

 $

 2,914

 3

 %

 23

 %

 Retirement Income Solutions

 10,828

 10,325

 8,608

 5

 20

 Retail Mutual Funds

 3,791

 3,377

 4,956

 12

 (32)

 Group Retirement

 6,920

 6,743

 7,251

 3

 (7)

 Total Retirement premiums and deposits*

 $

 25,241

 $

 24,023

 $

 23,729

 5

 %

 1

 %

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Net flows

 Fixed Annuities

 $

 (2,188)

 $

 (2,313)

 $

 (2,820)

 Retirement Income Solutions

 7,010

 6,566

 5,092

 Retail Mutual Funds

 1,026

 (1)

 2,780

 Group Retirement

 (2,135)

 (3,797)

 (492)

 Total Retirement net flows*

 $

 3,713

 $

 455

 $

 4,560

*    Excludes activity related to closed blocks of
fixed and variable annuities, which had reserves of approximately $5.0 billion
and $5.4 billion at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

 RETIREMENT PREMIUMS AND DEPOSITS by
 Product Line 

(in millions)

 98

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

Premiums
and deposits

 increased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to growth in
Retirement Income Solutions and Retail Mutual Funds. Premiums and deposits
increased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily in Retirement Income Solutions
product lines and in Fixed Annuities, partially offset by lower deposits in
Retail Mutual Funds and Group Retirement. 

Net flows

 for annuity products included in the Fixed
Annuities, Retirement Income Solutions and Group Retirement product lines
represent premiums and deposits less death, surrender and other withdrawal
benefits. Net flows from mutual funds, which are included in both the Retail
Mutual Funds and Group Retirement product lines, represent deposits less
withdrawals. 

Total net flows for Retirement increased in 2015 compared
to 2014, primarily due to lower surrenders in Group Retirement, improvement in
both sales and the level of withdrawals in Retail Mutual Funds, and continued
growth in Retirement Income Solutions.

Total net flows for Retirement decreased in 2014 compared
to 2013, primarily due to higher surrenders and withdrawals in 2014, primarily
in the Group Retirement and Retail Mutual Funds product lines, which resulted
in a significant decrease in net flows compared to 2013. 

Premiums and Deposits and Net
Flows by Product Line

A discussion of the significant variances in premiums and
deposits and net flows for each product line follows:

Fixed Annuities 

premiums and deposits increased in
2015 compared to 2014, due to new product offerings and increases in market
interest rates driven by widening credit spreads in the second half of the
year, but net flows continued to be negative, primarily due to the sustained
relatively low interest rate environment. The increase in Fixed Annuities
deposits in 2014 compared to 2013 was due to modest increases in interest rates
and steepening of the yield curve in the first half of 2014, compared to lower rates
in the prior year, particularly in the first half of 2013. Fixed Annuities net
flows in 2014 were negative, but improved compared to 2013, primarily due to
the increased deposits.

Retirement Income Solutions 

premiums and deposits and
net flows increased in 2015 compared to 2014, reflecting an increase in index
annuity sales. Premiums and deposits and net flows increased significantly in
2014 compared to 2013, reflecting a high volume of variable and index annuity
sales, which benefitted from consumer demand for retirement products with
guaranteed benefit features, product enhancements, expanded distribution and a
more favorable competitive environment. The improvement in surrender rates in
2015 and 2014 compared to the prior years (see Surrender Rates below) was
primarily due to the significant growth in account value driven by the high
volume of sales, which has increased the proportion of business that is within
the surrender charge period.

Retail Mutual Funds 

deposits and net flows increased
in 2015 compared to 2014, and decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, driven
primarily by activity within the Focused Dividend Strategy Portfolio. After
record sales in 2013, the Focused Dividend Strategy Portfolio experienced
relatively less favorable performance in 2014, putting pressure on 2014 sales
and withdrawal activity. In 2015, sales and withdrawals for this portfolio
improved, due to a return to strong performance levels, resulting in overall
growth in Retail Mutual Funds net flows compared to 2014.

Group Retirement 

net flows increased in 2015 compared
to 2014, primarily due to lower surrender activity. The improvement in the
surrender rate in 2015 compared to 2014 was due in part to lower large group
surrenders, which were approximately $1.5 billion in 2015, compared to $2.7
billion in 2014. Group Retirement

net flows decreased in 2014 compared
to 2013, primarily due to higher group surrender activity, as well as lower
premiums and deposits. The large group market has become increasingly
competitive and has been impacted by the consolidation of healthcare providers
and other employers in our target markets. This trend of heightened competition
is expected to continue in 2016 as plan sponsors perform reviews of existing
retirement plan relationships.

 99

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

Surrender Rates 

The following table presents reserves for annuity
product lines by surrender charge category:

 At
 December 31,

 2015

 2014

 Retirement

 Retirement

 Group

 Fixed

 Income

 Group

 Fixed

 Income

 (in
 millions)

 Retirement(a)

 Annuities

 Solutions

 Retirement(a)

 Annuities

 Solutions

 No
 surrender charge(b)(c)

 $

 60,720

 $

 34,331

 $

 14,184

 $

 61,751

 $

 34,255

 $

 14,429

 Greater
 than 0% - 2%

 1,199

 1,543

 4,517

 1,648

 2,736

 4,512

 Greater
 than 2% - 4%

 1,363

 2,285

 4,565

 1,657

 2,842

 4,254

 Greater
 than 4%

 5,952

 13,138

 31,683

 5,793

 12,754

 26,165

 Non-surrenderable

 676

 3,723

 358

 770

 3,605

 151

 Total
 reserves

 $

 69,910

 $

 55,020

 $

 55,307

 $

 71,619

 $

 56,192

 $

 49,511

(a) Excludes
mutual fund assets under management of $14.5 billion and $14.6 billion at
December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

(b) Group
Retirement 

amounts in this category include
reserves of approximately $6.2 billion, at both December 31, 2015 and 2014,
which are subject to 20 percent annual withdrawal limitations.

(c) Retirement 

Income Solutions amounts in this category for 2014 include
$12.5 billion of reserves with zero surrender charge that were previously
reported within “Greater than 0% - 2%”.

The
following table presents surrender rates for deferred annuities by product
line:

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Surrenders
 as a percentage of average account value

 Fixed
 Annuities

 6.9

 %

 7.0

 %

 6.6

 %

 Retirement
 Income Solutions

 6.0

 7.1

 8.7

 Group
 Retirement

 10.0

 11.6

 9.0

Life Results

The following table presents Life results:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Percentage Change

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Revenues:

 Premiums

 $

 2,759

 $

 2,679

 $

 2,737

 3

 %

 (2)

 %

 Policy fees

 1,485

 1,443

 1,391

 3

 4

 Net investment income

 2,100

 2,199

 2,269

 (5)

 (3)

 Other income

 49

 -

 -

 NM

 NM

 Benefits and expenses:

 Policyholder benefits and losses incurred

 3,812

 3,771

 3,568

 1

 6

 Interest credited to policyholder account
 balances

 493

 507

 542

 (3)

 (6)

 Amortization of deferred policy
 acquisition costs

 433

 321

 360

 35

 (11)

 Non deferrable insurance commissions

 222

 257

 272

 (14)

 (6)

 General operating expenses

 968

 885

 849

 9

 4

 Pre-tax operating income

 $

 465

 $

 580

 $

 806

 (20)

 (28)

 100

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

 Life pre-tax OPERATING INCOME 

(

in millions)

2015 and 2014 Comparison

Pre-tax operating income 

decreased
in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to lower net investment income,
mortality experience that was within pricing expectations but less favorable
than the prior year, and a higher net negative adjustment to reflect updated
actuarial assumptions. These decreases were partially offset by a $20 million reduction
in the reserve for IBNR death claims related to enhanced claims practices, due
to updated estimates in 2015, compared to a $104 million increase in this
reserve in 2014, which was primarily related to a legacy block of small
policies for which personal data elements were unavailable or incomplete.

Other income in 2015 was
primarily related to commission and profit sharing revenues received by Laya
Healthcare for the distribution of insurance products. Laya Healthcare, which
we acquired on March 31, 2015, is Ireland’s second largest primary health
insurance provider. Laya Healthcare distributes and administers primary
healthcare for approximately 550,000 customers, and also offers other coverage
including life, dental and travel insurance.

The net negative adjustment of
$146 million related to an update of actuarial assumptions in 2015 was
primarily due to lower assumed surrender rates for certain later-duration
universal life with secondary guarantees, which represent approximately eight
percent of the Life Insurance Companies’ total U.S. life reserves. The net
negative adjustment also reflected lower investment spread assumptions,
partially offset by more favorable than expected assumptions for mortality, as
well as loss recognition expense of $28 million for certain discontinued
long-term care products primarily due to lower future premium assumptions.
These negative adjustments were partially offset by a decrease in certain Group
Benefit claim reserves based on updated experience data. See Insurance Reserves
- Life Insurance Companies DAC and Reserves – Update of Actuarial Assumptions
for amounts by financial statement line item and additional discussion of loss
recognition.

Net investment income 

for 2015 decreased compared to
2014, primarily due to lower returns on alternative investments in hedge funds and,
to a lesser extent, a decrease due to lower yields on the base portfolio. See
Investments – Life Insurance Companies for additional discussion of th
e investment strategy, asset-liability management process
and invested assets of our Life Insurance Companies,
 which include the
invested assets of the Life business.

General operating expenses

 increased in 2015 compared
to 2014, primarily related to the expansion of the international Life business
through the acquisitions of AIG Life Limited and Laya Healthcare. Higher
expenses from the international acquisitions were partially offset by domestic
savings from organizational changes.

 101

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

2014 and 2013 Comparison

Pre-tax operating income 

decreased in 2014 compared
to 2013, primarily due to increases in policyholder benefit reserves, lower net
investment income and higher general operating expenses. Updates of actuarial
assumptions also decreased pre-tax operating income by $119 million in 2014
compared to $80 million in 2013.  These decreases were partially offset by a
$28 million increase in pre-tax operating income in 2014 compared to 2013, due
to a 2013 increase in equity-indexed universal life reserves, which was
reflected in Interest credited to policyholder account balances.  

Overall, mortality experience for 2014 was similar to 2013
and within pricing assumptions. Policyholder benefit expense in 2014 included
an increase of approximately $104 million to the estimated reserves for IBNR
death claims, which reflected continuing efforts to identify deceased insureds
and their beneficiaries who have not presented a valid claim, pursuant to the
2012 resolution of a multi-state audit and market conduct examination. The 2014
increase in the IBNR reserve was related primarily to a legacy block of
in-force and lapsed small face amount policies, for which certain personal data
elements were unavailable or incomplete. In 2014, in the process of reviewing
these policies as required under the terms of the regulatory agreement, we
refined our estimate of the ultimate cost of these claims. The reserve increase
in 2014 was in addition to amounts previously provided for IBNR claims in 2011
and 2012, which totaled $259 million. 

Net investment income 

decreased in 2014 compared to
2013, primarily due to lower income from alternative investments and lower
yields on the base portfolio due to investment of portfolio cash flows at rates
below the weighted average yield of the existing portfolio. See Investments –
Life Insurance Companies for additional discussion of th
e investment strategy, asset-liability management process and invested
assets of our Life Insurance Companies,
 which include the invested
assets of the Life business.

General operating expenses

 increased in 2014
compared to 2013 primarily due to strategic investments in technology and
service platforms in the U.S. and Japan.

Spread Management

Disciplined pricing on new business

 is used to
pursue new sales of life products at targeted net investment spreads in the
current interest rate environment. Life has an active product management
process to ensure that new business offerings appropriately reflect the current
interest rate environment. To the extent that Life cannot achieve targeted net
investment spreads on new business, products are re-priced or no longer sold.
Additionally, where appropriate, existing products with higher minimum rate
guarantees have been re-filed with lower crediting rates, as permitted under
state insurance laws for new sales. Universal life insurance interest rate
guarantees are generally two to three percent on new non-indexed products and
zero to two percent on new indexed products, and are designed to meet targeted
net investment spreads. 

In-force Management

. Crediting rates for in-force
policies are adjusted in accordance with contractual provisions that were
designed to allow crediting rates to be reset subject to minimum crediting rate
guarantees.

The following table presents universal life account
values by contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate and current crediting
rates:

 Current Crediting Rates

 December 31, 2015

 1-50
 Basis

 More
 than 50

 Contractual Minimum Guaranteed 

 At
 Contractual

 Points
 Above

 Basis
 Points

 Interest Rate

 Minimum

 Minimum

 Above
 Minimum

 (in millions)

 Guarantee

 Guarantee

 Guarantee

 Total

 Universal life insurance

 1%

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 7

 $

 7

 > 1% - 2%

 32

 164

 212

 408

 > 2% - 3%

 552

 304

 1,452

 2,308

 > 3% - 4%

 2,066

 495

 1,090

 3,651

 > 4% - 5%

 3,939

 204

 -

 4,143

 102

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

 > 5% - 5.5%

 327

 -

 -

 327

 Total

 $

 6,916

 $

 1,167

 $

 2,761

 $

 10,844

 Percentage of total

 64

 %

 11

 %

 25

 %

 100

 %

Life
Premiums and Deposits

Premiums for Life represent amounts received on traditional
life insurance policies and group benefit policies. Premiums and deposits for
Life is a non‑GAAP financial measure that includes direct and assumed
premiums as well as deposits received on universal life insurance.

The following table presents a reconciliation of Life
premiums and deposits to GAAP premiums:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Premiums and deposits

 $

 4,974

 $

 4,806

 $

 4,862

 Deposits

 (1,540)

 (1,532)

 (1,541)

 Other

 (675)

 (595)

 (584)

 Premiums 

 $

 2,759

 $

 2,679

 $

 2,737

Excluding the
effect of foreign exchange, Life premiums and deposits increased six percent in
2015 compared to 2014, and premiums increased eight percent, principally driven
by growth in Japan and the acquisition of AIG Life Limited in the U.K.

The decrease
in Life premiums in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to the non-renewal
of certain group benefit accounts and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar
against the Japanese yen, partially offset by solid growth in Japan premiums
excluding the effect of foreign exchange.  As a result of the decrease in
premiums, premiums and deposits also decreased in 2014 compared to 2013.

Personal Insurance Results

The following table presents Personal Insurance results:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Percentage Change

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Underwriting results:

 Net premiums written

 $

 11,580

 $

 12,412

 $

 12,700

 (7)

 %

 (2)

 %

 Increase in unearned premiums

 (422)

 (442)

 (323)

 5

 (37)

 Net premiums earned

 11,158

 11,970

 12,377

 (7)

 (3)

 Losses and loss adjustment expenses
 incurred

 6,152

 6,488

 7,025

 (5)

 (8)

 Acquisition expenses:

 Amortization of deferred policy
 acquisition costs

 1,974

 2,092

 2,203

 (6)

 (5)

 Other acquisition expenses

 1,183

 1,165

 1,044

 2

 12

 Total acquisition expenses

 3,157

 3,257

 3,247

 (3)

 -

 General operating expenses

 1,995

 2,220

 2,292

 (10)

 (3)

 Underwriting income (loss)

 (146)

 5

 (187)

 NM

 NM

 Net investment income

 220

 394

 455

 (44)

 (13)

 Pre-tax operating income

 $

 74

 $

 399

 $

 268

 (81)

 %

 49

 %

 103

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

 NET
 PREMIUMS WRITTEN

(in millions

) 

 Pre-Tax oPERATING INCOME

(in millions

) 

2015 and 2014 Comparison

Pre‑tax operating income

 decreased in 2015,
compared to 2014, primarily due to a decrease in net investment income and
underwriting results. Catastrophe losses were $145 million in 2015 compared to
$126 million in 2014. In 2015, net favorable prior year loss reserve
development was $19 million compared to $77 million in 2014. 

Acquisition expenses

 decreased in 2015 compared to
2014. Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, acquisition expenses increased
due to higher acquisition costs, primarily in automobile and property
businesses, and higher profit share expenses related to warranty service
programs, partially offset by a decrease in non-deferred direct marketing
expenses. The non-deferred direct marketing expenses, excluding commissions,
for 2015 were approximately $292 million, and, excluding the impact of foreign
exchange, decreased by approximately $71 million from 2014. 

General operating expenses

 decreased in 2015 compared
to 2014, primarily due to the effect of foreign exchange and reflected an ongoing
focus on cost efficiency.

Net investment income

 decreased in 2015 compared to
2014, primarily due to the continued impact of low interest rates resulting in
yields on new purchases that were lower than the weighted average yield of the
overall portfolio, negative performance of alternative investments in hedge
funds, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against most major foreign
currencies, and lower allocation of net investment income.

See MD&A — Investments for additional information
on the Non-Life Insurance Companies invested assets, investment strategy, and
asset-liability management process.

2014 and 2013 Comparison

Pre‑tax operating income

 increased in 2014 

compared to 2013, primarily due
to a decrease in current accident year losses and lower general operating
expenses, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses and lower net favorable
prior year loss reserve development, higher acquisition expenses and a decrease
in net investment income. Catastrophe losses were $126 million in 2014,
compared to $77 million in 2013. The accident year losses include severe
losses of approximately $54 million in 2014 compared to $17 million in 2013. Net
favorable loss reserve development was $77 million in 2014 compared to
$155 million in 2013, and included approximately $7 million of
favorable loss reserve development from Storm Sandy compared to $41 million in 2013
. Foreign exchange did not have a significant impact on the
pre-tax operating income compared to 2013.

 104

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

Acquisition
expenses

increased in 2014 compared
to 2013, primarily due to the change in business mix and higher costs in
growth-targeted lines of business, partially offset by the effect of foreign
exchange as a result of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Japanese
yen. Direct marketing expenses, excluding commissions, for 2014 were
$392 million, compared to $440 million in 2013. Excluding the impact
of foreign exchange, direct marketing expenses decreased by approximately $24
million in 2014 compared to 2013. Direct marketing accounted for approximately
17 percent of net premiums written in both 2014 and 2013.

General operating expenses

decreased in 2014 compared to 2013. Excluding the
effect of foreign exchange, general operating expenses remained flat, as efficiencies
from organizational realignment initiatives were offset by increased
technology-related expenses. 

Net investment income

 decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a
decrease in interest rates during 2014, 

as yields on new purchases were
lower than the weighted average yield of the overall portfolio
, lower income on alternative investments, and lower income
associated with investments accounted for under the fair value option method as
an increase related to the PICC P&C rights offerings was more than offset
by a decrease from fixed maturity investments accounted for under the fair
value option. These were partially offset by the effect of continued portfolio
diversification. The decrease in allocated net investment income was also due
to a reduction in net loss reserves.

See MD&A — Investments
for additional information on the Non-Life Insurance Companies invested assets,
investment strategy, and asset-liability management process.  

Personal
Insurance Net Premiums Written

The following table presents Personal Insurance net
premiums written by major line of business:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Percentage Change in

 Percentage Change in

 U.S. dollars

 Original Currency

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Accident & Health

 $

 4,990

 $

 5,441

 $

 5,714

 (8)

 %

 (5)

 %

 1

 %

 (2)

 %

 Personal Lines

 6,590

 6,971

 6,986

 (5)

 -

 4

 5

 Total Personal Insurance net

 premiums written

 $

 11,580

 $

 12,412

 $

 12,700

 (7)

 %

 (2)

 %

 3

 %

 2

 %

 105

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

 Personal
 Insurance

(in millions)

2015 and 2014 Comparison

Personal Insurance net premiums written decreased in 2015
compared to 2014 due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Major
Currencies. Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, net premiums written
increased in 2015 compared to 2014, as the business continued to grow through
multiple product and distribution channels. The following paragraphs discuss
the changes in net premiums written on a constant dollar basis, which exclude
the effect of foreign exchange.

Accident & Health

 net premiums written increased
in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to production increases in Accident and
Health in Japan, partially offset by the decrease in Accident and Health in the
U.S., due to continued underwriting discipline.

Personal Lines

 net premiums written increased in 2015
compared to 2014. These increases were primarily due to increased production in
personal property business in the U.S. and Japan and in the automobile business
in all regions, partially offset by decreased production of warranty service
programs. The increase in the U.S. personal property business in 2015 was
attributable to new business sales and improved retention in the AIG Private
Client Group, whereas in Japan the increase was due to new business sales as a
result of the recent increase in new housing starts and heightened demand before
the duration restriction on long-term fire insurance became effective in
October 2015.  In addition, the increase in U.S. personal property
business in 2015 reflected changes to optimize our reinsurance structure to
retain more favorable risks, while continuing to manage aggregate exposure.

2014 and 2013 Comparison

Personal Insurance net premiums
written 

decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to the impact
of foreign exchange as the U.S. dollar strengthened against the Japanese yen.
Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, net premiums written increased in
2014 compared to 2013 as the business continued to grow through multiple
product and distribution channels, including direct marketing. The following
paragraphs discuss the changes in net premiums written on a constant dollar
basis, which exclude the effect of foreign exchange.

 106

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

Accident & Health

net premiums written decreased in 2014 compared to
2013. The decrease was primarily due to our focus on maintaining underwriting
discipline in certain classes of business in the U.S., partially offset by
growth in Japan and Latin America
.

Personal Lines

net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to
2013. The increase was primarily due to increased rates and improved retention
in AIG Private Client Group and continued growth of automobile business outside
of Japan, partially offset by declines in the U.S. warranty service programs
.

Personal
Insurance Net Premiums Written by Region

The following table presents 

Personal
Insurance 

net premiums written by region:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Percentage Change in

 Percentage Change in

 U.S. dollars

 Original Currency

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Americas

 $

 3,810

 $

 3,824

 $

 3,794

 -

 %

 1

 %

 2

 %

 4

 %

 Asia Pacific

 5,916

 6,516

 6,893

 (9)

 (5)

 3

 1

 EMEA

 1,854

 2,072

 2,013

 (11)

 3

 3

 2

 Total net premiums written

 $

 11,580

 $

 12,412

 $

 12,700

 (7)

 %

 (2)

 %

 3

 %

 2

 %

 Personal insurance NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN by
 Region 

 (in millions)

The following paragraphs discuss the changes in net
premiums written on a constant dollar basis, which exclude the effect of
foreign exchange.

2015 and 2014 Comparison

Americas 

net premiums written in 2015 increased
compared to 2014 due to growth in personal property and automobile businesses,
offset by decreases in warranty service programs and Accident and Health
businesses in the U.S. The growth in personal property business is primarily
driven by new business sales and improved retention in AIG Private Client Group
in the U.S., as well as the changes in the reinsurance structure discussed
above.

Asia Pacific 

net premiums written increased in 2015
compared to 2014, primarily due to increased production in personal property, Accident
and Health and automobile businesses. 

 107

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

EMEA 

net premiums written
increased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily in automobile and in warranty
service programs, partially offset by decreases in Accident and Health.

2014 and 2013 Comparison

Americas 

net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013,
primarily due to an increase in all product lines in our Latin America
operations and growth in U.S. personal property and automobile businesses.
These were partially offset by a decrease in U.S. Accident and Health due to
our continued focus on maintaining underwriting discipline.

Asia Pacific 

net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013,
primarily due to production increases in Japan Accident and Health and in
property and automobile business outside of Japan. 

EMEA 

net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013,
due to growth in the automobile business and warranty service programs,
partially offset by a decrease in the Accident and Health business.

Personal
Insurance Underwriting Ratios

The following tables present
the Personal Insurance combined ratios based on GAAP data and reconciliation to
the accident year combined ratio, as adjusted:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Increase (Decrease)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Loss ratio

 55.1

 54.2

 56.8

 0.9

 (2.6)

 Catastrophe losses and reinstatement
 premiums

 (1.3)

 (1.1)

 (0.7)

 (0.2)

 (0.4)

 Prior year development net of premium
 adjustments

 0.2

 0.7

 1.3

 (0.5)

 (0.6)

 Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted

 54.0

 53.8

 57.4

 0.2

 (3.6)

 Acquisition ratio

 28.3

 27.2

 26.2

 1.1

 1.0

 General operating expense ratio 

 17.9

 18.5

 18.5

 (0.6)

 -

 Expense ratio

 46.2

 45.7

 44.7

 0.5

 1.0

 Combined ratio

 101.3

 99.9

 101.5

 1.4

 (1.6)

 Catastrophe losses and reinstatement
 premiums

 (1.3)

 (1.1)

 (0.7)

 (0.2)

 (0.4)

 Prior year development net of premium
 adjustments

 0.2

 0.7

 1.3

 (0.5)

 (0.6)

 Accident year combined ratio, as adjusted

 100.2

 99.5

 102.1

 0.7

 (2.6)

 108

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

 Personal Insurance

ratios 

The following tables present
Personal Insurance accident year catastrophe and severe losses by region and
the number of events:

Catastrophes(a)

 #
 of

 Asia

 (in millions)

 Events

 Americas

 Pacific

 EMEA

 Total

 Year Ended December 31, 2015

 Flooding

 4

 $

 4

 $

 -

 $

 2

 $

 6

 Windstorms and hailstorms

 13

 82

 37

 -

 119

 Wildfire

 1

 1

 -

 -

 1

 Tropical cyclone

 1

 -

 19

 -

 19

 Total catastrophe-related charges

 19

 $

 87

 $

 56

 $

 2

 $

 145

 Year Ended December 31, 2014

 Windstorms and hailstorms

 14

 51

 46

 -

 97

 Tropical cyclone

 4

 9

 19

 -

 28

 Earthquakes

 1

 1

 -

 -

 1

 Total catastrophe-related charges

 19

 $

 61

 $

 65

 $

 -

 $

 126

 Year Ended December 31, 2013

 Flooding

 7

 $

 26

 $

 -

 $

 2

 $

 28

 Windstorms and hailstorms

 2

 11

 -

 5

 16

 Tropical cyclone

 -

 -

 33

 -

 33

 Total catastrophe-related charges

 9

 $

 37

 $

 33

 $

 7

 $

 77

(a) Catastrophes
are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact on AIG in excess of
$10 million each. 

Severe Losses(b)

 Years Ended December 31,

 #
 of

 Asia

 (in millions)

 Events

 Americas

 Pacific

 EMEA

 Total

 2015

 1

 $

 12

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 12

 2014

 4

 $

 50

 $

 4

 $

 -

 $

 54

 2013

 1

 $

 17

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 17

 109

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 results of operations /
consumer insurance 

*    

Severe losses are
defined as non-catastrophe individual first party losses and surety losses
greater than $10 million, net of related reinsurance and salvage and
subrogation.

2015 and
2014 Comparison 

The combined
ratio increased by 1.4 points in 2015 compared to 2014, reflecting an increase
in the loss ratio and acquisition ratio

,
partially offset by a decrease in the general operating expense ratio

. The accident year combined ratio, as adjusted, increased
by 0.7 points in 2015 compared to 2014.

The accident
year loss ratio, as adjusted, increased by 0.2 points in 2015, compared to
2014, due to higher 

large but not severe

 losses in automobile and personal property businesses,
partially offset by a decrease in losses in warranty service programs and lower
severe losses. 

The loss ratio improvement in
warranty service programs was offset by an increase in the acquisition ratio
due to a related profit sharing arrangement.

The
acquisition ratio increased by 1.1 points in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily
due to increases in acquisition costs in warranty service programs and in the
automobile business, partially offset by lower direct marketing expenses in the

Accident and Health business

. 

The general
operating expense ratio decreased by 0.6 points in 2015 compared to 2014,
reflecting an ongoing focus on cost efficiency. 

2014 and
2013 Comparison

The combined
ratio decreased by 1.6 points in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a
lower loss ratio, partially offset by a higher acquisition ratio as discussed
below. 

The accident
year combined ratio, as adjusted, decreased by 2.6 points in 2014 compared
to 2013, primarily due to an improved accident year loss ratio, as adjusted.

The accident
year loss ratio, as adjusted, decreased by 3.6 points in 2014 compared to 2013,
as a result of improvements across all lines of business. The lower losses
associated with a warranty retail program were largely offset by an increase in
the related profit sharing arrangement, which increased the acquisition ratio
in 2014 compared to 2013. The severe losses of $54 million, resulting largely
from four fire claims, accounted for 0.5 points of the accident year loss
ratio, as adjusted, in 2014.

The general
operating expense ratio remained unchanged in 2014 compared to 2013, reflecting
the impact of efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives, offset
by increased technology-related expenses.

Corporate
and Other

Corporate
and Other Results

The following table presents AIG’s Corporate and Other
results:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Percentage Change

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015
 vs. 2014

 2014
 vs. 2013

 Corporate and Other pre-tax operating
 loss:

 Equity in pre-tax operating earnings of
 AerCap(a)

 $

 255

 $

 434

 $

 -

 (41)

 %

 NM

 %

 Fair value of PICC investments(b)

 33

 37

 -

 (11)

 NM

 Income from other assets, net(c)

 1,382

 373

 47

 271

 NM

 Corporate general operating expenses

 (985)

 (1,146)

 (1,115)

 14

 (3)

 Severance expense(d)

 -

 -

 (265)

 NM

 NM

 Interest expense

 (1,101)

 (1,233)

 (1,412)

 11

 13

 110

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7
/

 results of operations / Corporate and other

 Direct Investment book

 -

 1,241

 1,448

 NM

 (14)

 Global Capital Markets

 -

 359

 625

 NM

 (43)

 Run-off insurance Lines

 (488)

 (445)

 403

 (10)

 NM

 Consolidation and eliminations

 21

 1

 4

 NM

 (75)

 Total Corporate and Other pre-tax
 operating loss

 $

 (883)

 $

 (379)

 $

 (265)

 (133)

 %

 (43)

 %

(a) Represents
our share of AerCap’s pre-tax operating income, which excludes certain
post-acquisition transaction expenses incurred by AerCap in connection with its
acquisition of ILFC and the difference between expensing AerCap’s maintenance
rights assets over the remaining lease term as compared to the remaining
economic life of the related aircraft.

(b) During the
first quarter of 2015, Non-Life Insurance Companies sold a portion of their
investment in PICC P&C to AIG Parent. During 2014, the Life Insurance
Companies sold their investment in PICC Group to AIG Parent.

(

c)  Consists
of the results of investments held by AIG Parent to support various corporate
needs as well as the remaining positions of AIGFP, life settlements, real
estate, equipment leasing and lending and other secured lending investments
held by AIG Parent and certain subsidiaries. As a result of the progress of the
wind down and de-risking activities of the DIB and the derivative portfolio of
AIGFP included within GCM, AIG has discontinued separate reporting of the DIB
and GCM. Their results have been reported within Income from other assets, net,
beginning with the first quarter of 2015. This reporting aligns with the manner
in which AIG manages its financial resources. Prior periods are presented in historical
format for informational purposes. Interest expense for 2015 includes $70
million of interest expense previously reported in DIB results.

(d) Includes
$263 million of severance expense attributable to the Property Casualty
and Personal Insurance operating segments.

Corporate and Other Results

2015 and
2014 Comparison

Corporate and
Other pre-tax operating losses increased in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due
to lower fair value appreciation on ABS CDOs, lower credit valuation
adjustments on assets for which the fair value option was elected, and lower
mark-to-market income on CDS positions as a result of portfolio wind down and
more significant spread tightening in 2014, all of which are reflected in
Income from other assets, net. Partially offsetting these declines were lower
corporate general operating expenses resulting from a pension curtailment
credit and lower interest expense from ongoing liability management activities.

Run-off
insurance lines reported an increase in pre-tax operating loss in 2015
primarily due to higher net adverse prior year loss reserve development
reflecting the loss reserve strengthening in classes of business with long
reporting tails and transfers of certain casualty lines, including
environmental liability and healthcare coverage that were no longer offered by
Commercial Insurance to Run-off insurance lines. See Insurance Reserves –
Non-Life Insurance Companies – Net Loss Development for further discussion.
These increases in net adverse prior year loss reserve development were
partially offset by excess workers’ compensation net loss reserve discount
benefit, primarily reflecting an increase in Treasury rates in 2015. See
Insurance Reserves – Non-Life Insurance Companies – Discounting of Reserves for
further discussion.

2014 and
2013 Comparison

Corporate and
Other pre‑tax operating losses increased in 2014 compared to 2013
primarily due to an increase in general operating expenses as a result of
centralizing processes to lower-cost locations and increased costs related to
investments in technology, lower fair value appreciation on ABS CDOs driven
primarily by improved collateral pricing due to more significant improvements
in home price indices and amortization of the underlying collateral in 2013, lower
credit valuation adjustments on assets for which the fair value option was
elected, and lower mark-to-market income on CDS positions as a result of
portfolio wind down and spread widening, partially offset by our share of
AerCap’s pre-tax operating income, which was accounted for under the equity
method, and lower interest expense from ongoing debt management activities
described in Liquidity and Capital Resources.

Run-off
insurance lines reported a pre-tax operating loss of $445 million in 2014
compared to income of $403 million in 2013, primarily as a result of a $407
million charge from a decrease in reserve discount in 2014 compared to a $631
million benefit from an increase in discount in 2013. This
discounting-related charge was partially offset by a $98 million decrease in
net adverse prior year loss reserve development and an improvement in current
accident year loss experience, particularly in the environmental liability
business (2004 and prior). The discount charge was primarily due to the decline
in risk free rates during 

 111

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7
/

 results of operations / Corporate and other

2014 used under
Pennsylvania and Delaware prescribed or permitted practices, change in payout
pattern assumptions, including the effect of commutations and accelerated
settlements for the certain Excess Workers’ Compensation reserves, as well as
accretion. See Insurance Reserves - Discounting of Reserves for additional
information.

Investments

Overview

Our investment strategies are tailored
to the specific business needs of each operating unit. The investment
objectives are driven by the respective business models for Non-Life Insurance
Companies, Life Insurance Companies and AIG Parent. The primary objectives are
generation of investment income, preservation of capital, liquidity management
and growth of surplus to support the insurance products. The majority of assets
backing our insurance liabilities consist of intermediate and long
duration fixed maturity securities.

 Investments Highlights in 2015

 •

A rise in rates, widening of credit spreads and sales of equity
 securities resulted in a decrease in our net unrealized gain position in our
 investment portfolio. Net unrealized gains in our available for sale
 portfolio decreased to approximately $8.8 billion as of December 31, 2015
 from approximately $19.0 billion as of December 31, 2014.

•

We continued to make investments in structured securities and other
 fixed maturity securities and increased lending activities in mortgage loans
 with favorable risk versus return characteristics to improve yields and
 increase net investment income.

•

Our alternative investments portfolio performance experienced a
 significant drop off in the second half of 2015 due to increased volatility
 in equity markets, which affected the performance of our hedge fund
 portfolio.

•

Blended investment yields on new investments were lower than blended
 rates on investments that were sold, matured or called. 

•

Other-than-temporary impairments increased due to impairments within
 the energy and emerging markets sectors, driven primarily by slowing growth
 in China and weakness in commodity markets.

•

We experienced an increase in gains of sales of securities in 2015
 versus 2014 due to a partial divestiture of our PICC equity interests.

Investment
Strategies 

Investment strategies are based on considerations that
include the local and general market conditions, liability duration and cash
flow characteristics, rating agency and regulatory capital considerations,
legal investment limitations, tax optimization and diversification.

Some of our key investment
strategies are as follows:

•

Fixed maturity securities held by the U.S. insurance companies included
in Non-Life Insurance Companies consist of a mix of instruments that meet our
current risk-return, tax, liquidity, credit quality and diversification
objectives.

 112

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

•

Outside of the U.S., fixed maturity securities held by Non-Life
Insurance Companies consist primarily of intermediate duration high-grade
securities generally denominated in the currencies of the countries in which we
operate. 

·

While
more of a focus is placed on asset-liability management in Life Insurance
Companies, our fundamental strategy across all of our investment portfolios is
to optimize the duration characteristics of the assets within a target range
based on comparable liability characteristics, to the extent practicable. 

·

AIG Parent actively manages its assets and liabilities in terms
of products, counterparties and duration. AIG Parent’s liquidity sources are
held in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly traded,
intermediate term investment-grade rated fixed maturity securities. Based upon
an assessment of its immediate and longer-term funding needs, AIG Parent
purchases publicly traded, intermediate term, investment-grade rated fixed
maturity securities that can be readily monetized through sales or repurchase
agreements.  These securities allow us to diversify sources of liquidity while
reducing the cost of maintaining sufficient liquidity.

Investments
by Legal Entity Category

The following tables summarize the composition of AIG's
investments:

 Non-Life

 Life

 Insurance

 Insurance

 Corporate

 (in millions)

 Companies

 Companies

 and
 Other(a)

 Total

 December 31, 2015

 Fixed maturity securities:

 Bonds available for sale, at fair value

 $

 84,849

 $

 157,150

 $

 6,246

 $

 248,245

 Other bond securities, at fair value

 1,463

 3,589

 11,730

 16,782

 Equity securities:

 Common and preferred stock available for
 sale, at fair value

 2,821

 144

 (50)

 2,915

 Other Common and preferred stock, at fair
 value

 355

 -

 566

 921

 Mortgage and other loans receivable, net
 of allowance

 8,278

 23,979

 (2,692)

 29,565

 Other invested assets

 10,571

 12,398

 6,825

 29,794

 Short-term investments

 3,189

 2,877

 4,066

 10,132

 Total investments(b)

 111,526

 200,137

 26,691

 338,354

 Cash

 1,011

 557

 61

 1,629

 Total invested assets

 $

 112,537

 $

 200,694

 $

 26,752

 $

 339,983

 December 31, 2014

 Fixed maturity securities:

 Bonds available for sale, at fair value

 $

 92,942

 $

 164,527

 $

 2,390

 $

 259,859

 Other bond securities, at fair value

 1,733

 2,785

 15,194

 19,712

 Equity securities:

 Common and preferred stock available for
 sale, at fair value

 4,241

 150

 4

 4,395

 Other Common and preferred stock, at fair
 value

 495

 -

 554

 1,049

 Mortgage and other loans receivable, net
 of allowance

 6,686

 20,874

 (2,570)

 24,990

 Other invested assets

 10,372

 11,916

 12,230

 34,518

 Short-term investments

 4,154

 2,131

 4,958

 11,243

 Total investments(b)

 120,623

 202,383

 32,760

 355,766

 Cash

 1,191

 451

 116

 1,758

 Total invested assets

 $

 121,814

 $

 202,834

 $

 32,876

 $

 357,524

(a) Beginning in
the fourth quarter of 2015, Eaglestone Reinsurance Company is reported in
Corporate and Other.

(b) At December
31, 2015, approximately 90 percent and 10 percent of investments were held by
domestic and foreign entities, respectively, compared to approximately 90
percent and 10 percent, respectively, at December 31, 2014.

 113

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

The following table
presents the components of Net Investment Income:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Interest and dividends

 $

 12,856

 $

 13,246

 $

 13,199

 Alternative investments

 1,476

 2,624

 2,803

 Other investment income*

 249

 726

 356

 Total investment income

 14,581

 16,596

 16,358

 Investment expenses

 528

 517

 548

 Total net investment income

 $

 14,053

 $

 16,079

 $

 15,810

* Includes changes in fair value of
certain fixed maturity securities where the fair value option has been elected
and which are used to economically hedge the interest rate risk in GMWB
embedded derivatives. 

For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and
2013, the net investment income (loss) recorded on these securities was $(43)
million, $260 million and $(161) million, respectively.

Net investment income decreased for 2015 compared to 2014
due to lower income on alternative investments, primarily related to hedge fund
performance, lower income on assets for which the fair value option was
elected, and lower reinvestment yields.

Net investment income for 2014 increased compared to 2013
primarily due to positive performance on bonds where we elected the fair value
option, driven by movements in interest rates, partially offset by lower income
on alternative investments due to equity market performance and lower reinvestment
yields on our fixed maturity securities portfolio due to the low interest rate
environment.

Non-Life Insurance Companies

For the Non-Life Insurance Companies, the duration of
liabilities for long-tail casualty lines is greater than that of other lines.
As a result, the investment strategy within the Non-Life Insurance Companies
focuses on growth of surplus and preservation of capital, subject to liability
and other business considerations.

The Non-Life Insurance Companies invest primarily in fixed
maturity securities issued by corporations, municipalities and other governmental
agencies and also invest in structured securities collateralized by, among
other assets, residential and commercial real estate and commercial mortgage
loans. While invested assets backing reserves of the Non-Life Insurance
Companies are primarily invested in conventional fixed maturity securities, we
have continued to allocate a portion of our investment activity into asset
classes that offer higher yields, particularly in the domestic operations. In
addition, we continue to invest in both fixed rate and floating rate
asset-backed investments for their risk-return attributes, as well as to manage
our exposure to potential changes in interest rates. This asset diversification
has maintained stable average yields while the overall credit ratings of our
fixed maturity securities were largely unchanged. We expect to continue to
pursue this investment strategy to meet the Non-Life Insurance Companies’
liquidity, duration and credit quality objectives as well as current risk‑return
and tax objectives.

In addition, the Non-Life Insurance Companies seek to
enhance returns through selective investments in a diversified portfolio of
alternative investments. 
Although these alternative
investments are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations, they have historically
achieved yields in excess of the fixed maturity portfolio yields and have
provided added diversification to the broader portfolio.  The Non-Life
Insurance Companies’ investment portfolio also includes, to a lesser extent,
equity securities.

With respect to non-affiliate over‑the‑counter
derivatives, the Non-Life Insurance Companies conduct business with highly
rated counterparties and do not expect the counterparties to fail to meet their
obligations under the contracts. The Non-Life Insurance Companies have controls
in place to monitor credit exposures by limiting transactions with specific
counterparties within specified dollar limits and assessing the
creditworthiness of counterparties periodically. The Non-Life Insurance
Companies generally use ISDA Master Agreements and Credit Support Annexes
(CSAs) with bilateral collateral provisions to reduce counterparty credit
exposures.

Fixed maturity investments of the Non-Life Insurance
Companies domestic operations, with an intermediate duration of 4.7 years, are
currently comprised primarily of tax-exempt securities, which provide
attractive risk-adjusted after-tax returns, as 

 114

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

well
as taxable municipal bonds, government and agency bonds, and corporate bonds.
The majority of these high quality investments are rated A or higher based on
composite ratings.

Fixed maturity investments held in the Non-Life Insurance
Companies foreign operations are of high quality, primarily rated A or higher
based on composite ratings, and short to intermediate duration, averaging 3.2
years.

Life Insurance Companies

The investment strategy of the Life Insurance Companies is
to maximize net investment income and portfolio value, subject to liquidity
requirements, capital constraints, diversification requirements, asset‑liability
management and available investment opportunities.

The Life Insurance Companies use asset‑liability
management as a primary tool to monitor and manage risk in their businesses.
The Life Insurance Companies' 
fundamental investment
strategy is to maintain a diversified, high quality portfolio of fixed maturity
securities that, to the extent possible, complements the characteristics of
liabilities, including duration, which is a measure of sensitivity to changes
in interest rates. The investment portfolio of each product line is tailored to
the specific characteristics of its insurance liabilities, and as a result,
certain portfolios are shorter in duration and others are longer in duration.

An extended low interest rate environment may result in a lengthening of
liability durations from initial estimates, primarily due to lower lapses.

The Life Insurance Companies invest primarily in fixed
maturity securities issued by corporations, municipalities and other
governmental agencies; structured securities collateralized by, among other
assets, residential and commercial real estate; and commercial mortgage loans.

In addition, the Life Insurance Companies seek to enhance
returns through investments in a diversified portfolio of alternative
investments. 
Although these alternative investments
are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations, they have historically achieved
yields in excess of the fixed maturity portfolio yields.  While a diversified
portfolio of alternative investments remains a fundamental component of the
investment strategy of the Life Insurance Companies, we intend to reduce the
overall size of the hedge fund portfolio, in light of changing market
conditions and perceived market opportunities, and to continue reducing the
size of the private equity portfolio.  The Life Insurance Companies investment
portfolio also includes, to a lesser extent, equity securities and yield
enhancing investments.

The Life Insurance Companies monitor fixed income markets,
including the level of interest rates, credit spreads and the shape of the
yield curve. The Life Insurance Companies frequently review their interest rate
assumptions and actively manage the crediting rates used for their new and
in-force business. Business strategies continue to evolve to maintain profitability
of the overall business in a historically low interest rate environment. The
low interest rate environment makes it more difficult to profitably price many
of our products and puts margin pressure on existing products, due to the
challenge of investing recurring premiums and deposits and reinvesting
investment portfolio cash flows in the low rate environment while maintaining
satisfactory investment quality and liquidity. In addition, there is investment
risk associated with future premium receipts from certain in‑force
business. Specifically, the investment of these future premium receipts may be
at a yield below that required to meet future policy liabilities.

Fixed maturity investments of the Life Insurance Companies
domestic operations, with an intermediate duration of 6.6 years, are comprised
of taxable corporate bonds, as well as taxable municipal and government bonds,
and agency and non‑agency structured securities. The majority of these
investments are held in the available for sale portfolio and are rated
investment grade based on its composite ratings.

Fixed maturity investments held in the Life Insurance
Companies foreign operations are of high quality, primarily rated A or higher
based on composite ratings, and intermediate to long duration, averaging 13.7
years.

 115

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

NAIC Designations of Fixed Maturity Securities

The Securities Valuation Office (SVO) of the National
Association of Insurance Companies (NAIC) evaluates the investments of U.S.
insurers for statutory reporting purposes and assigns fixed maturity securities
to one of six categories called ‘NAIC Designations.’ In general, NAIC
Designations of ‘1’ highest quality, or ‘2’ high quality, include fixed
maturity securities considered investment grade, while NAIC Designations of ‘3’
through ‘6’ generally include fixed maturity securities referred to as below investment
grade.  The NAIC has adopted revised rating methodologies for certain
structured securities, including non-agency RMBS and CMBS, which are intended
to enable a more precise assessment of the value of such structured securities
and increase the accuracy in assessing expected losses to better determine the
appropriate capital requirement for such structured securities.  These
methodologies result in an improved NAIC Designation for such securities
compared to the rating typically assigned by the three major rating agencies. 
The following tables summarize the ratings distribution of Life Insurance
Companies fixed maturity security portfolio by NAIC Designation, and the
distribution by composite AIG credit rating, which is generally based on
ratings of the three major rating agencies.  See Investments – Credit Ratings
herein for a full description of the composite AIG credit ratings.

The following table presents the fixed maturity
security portfolio of Life Insurance Companies categorized by NAIC Designation,
at fair value:

 December 31, 2015

 (in millions)

 Total

 Total

 Below

 Investment

 Investment

 NAIC Designation

 1

 2

 Grade

 3

 4

 5

 6

 Grade

 Total

 Other fixed maturity securities

 $

 44,714

 $

 58,029

 $

 102,743

 $

 4,801

 $

 2,739

 $

 413

 $

 133

 $

 8,086

 $

 110,829

 Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
 collateralized

 42,411

 2,091

 44,502

 239

 181

 29

 471

 920

 45,422

 Total*

 $

 87,125

 $

 60,120

 $

 147,245

 $

 5,040

 $

 2,920

 $

 442

 $

 604

 $

 9,006

 $

 156,251

*    Excludes $4.5
billion of fixed maturity securities for which no NAIC Designation is available
because they are not held in legal entities within Life Insurance Companies
that require a statutory filing.

The
following table presents the fixed maturity security portfolio of Life
Insurance Companies

categorized by composite AIG credit rating, at fair value:

 December 31, 2015

 (in millions)

 Total

 Total

 Below

 Investment

 CCC and

 Investment

 Composite AIG Credit Rating

 AAA/AA/A

 BBB

 Grade

 BB

 B

 Lower

 Grade

 Total

 Other fixed maturity securities

 $

 44,758

 $

 58,156

 $

 102,914

 $

 4,692

 $

 2,808

 $

 415

 $

 7,915

 $

 110,829

 Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
 collateralized

 26,312

 3,352

 29,664

 1,266

 1,033

 13,459

 15,758

 45,422

 Total*

 $

 71,070

 $

 61,508

 $

 132,578

 $

 5,958

 $

 3,841

 $

 13,874

 $

 23,673

 $

 156,251

*  Excludes $4.5
billion of fixed maturity securities for which no NAIC Designation is available
because they are not held in legal entities within Life Insurance Companies
that require a statutory filing.

Credit Ratings

At December 31, 2015, approximately 90 percent of our fixed
maturity securities were held by our domestic entities. Approximately 16
percent of such securities were rated AAA by one or more of the principal
rating agencies, and approximately 17 percent were rated below investment
grade or not rated. Our investment decision process relies primarily on
internally generated fundamental analysis and internal risk ratings.
Third-party rating services’ ratings and opinions provide one source of
independent perspective for consideration in the internal analysis.

 116

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

A significant portion of our
foreign entities’ fixed maturity securities portfolio is rated by Moody’s
Investors’ Service Inc. (Moody’s), Standard & Poor’s Financial Services
LLC, a subsidiary of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. (S&P), or similar
foreign rating services. Rating services are not available for some
foreign-issued securities. Our Credit Risk Management department closely
reviews the credit quality of the foreign portfolio’s non-rated fixed maturity
securities. At  December 31, 2015, approximately 16 percent of such
investments were either rated AAA or, on the basis of our internal analysis,
were equivalent from a credit standpoint to securities rated AAA, and
approximately 5 percent were below investment grade or not rated. Approximately
44 percent of the foreign entities’ fixed maturity securities portfolio is
comprised of sovereign fixed maturity securities supporting policy liabilities
in the country of issuance.

Composite
AIG Credit Ratings

With respect to our fixed maturity investments, the credit
ratings in the table below and in subsequent tables reflect: (a) a
composite of the ratings of the three major rating agencies, or when agency
ratings are not available, the rating assigned by the NAIC SVO (over 99 percent
of total fixed maturity investments), or (b) our equivalent internal
ratings when these investments have not been rated by any of the major rating
agencies or the NAIC.  The “Non-rated” category in those tables consists
of fixed maturity securities that have not been rated by any of the major
rating agencies, the NAIC or us. 

See Enterprise Risk Management herein for a discussion of
credit risks associated with Investments.

The following table presents the composite AIG credit
ratings of our fixed maturity securities calculated on the basis of their fair
value: 

 Available for Sale

 Other

 Total

 December 31,

 December
 31,

 December 31,

 December
 31,

 December 31,

 December
 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2015

 2014

 2015

 2014

 Rating:

 Other fixed maturity

 securities

 AAA

 $

 12,274

 $

 15,463

 $

 3,222

 $

 5,322

 $

 15,496

 $

 20,785

 AA

 35,344

 36,730

 207

 224

 35,551

 36,954

 A

 50,741

 56,693

 1,781

 242

 52,522

 56,935

 BBB

 71,766

 75,607

 186

 250

 71,952

 75,857

 Below investment grade

 12,305

 10,651

 133

 303

 12,438

 10,954

 Non-rated

 920

 1,035

 -

 -

 920

 1,035

 Total

 $

 183,350

 $

 196,179

 $

 5,529

 $

 6,341

 $

 188,879

 $

 202,520

 Mortgage-backed, asset-

 backed and collateralized

 AAA

 $

 26,382

 $

 24,783

 $

 1,756

 $

 2,313

 $

 28,138

 $

 27,096

 AA

 5,003

 4,078

 708

 1,549

 5,711

 5,627

 A

 7,462

 7,606

 416

 494

 7,878

 8,100

 BBB

 4,394

 3,813

 497

 620

 4,891

 4,433

 Below investment grade

 21,638

 23,376

 7,771

 8,314

 29,409

 31,690

 Non-rated

 16

 24

 105

 81

 121

 105

 Total

 $

 64,895

 $

 63,680

 $

 11,253

 $

 13,371

 $

 76,148

 $

 77,051

 Total

 AAA

 $

 38,656

 $

 40,246

 $

 4,978

 $

 7,635

 $

 43,634

 $

 47,881

 AA

 40,347

 40,808

 915

 1,773

 41,262

 42,581

 A

 58,203

 64,299

 2,197

 736

 60,400

 65,035

 BBB

 76,160

 79,420

 683

 870

 76,843

 80,290

 Below investment grade

 33,943

 34,027

 7,904

 8,617

 41,847

 42,644

 Non-rated

 936

 1,059

 105

 81

 1,041

 1,140

 Total

 $

 248,245

 $

 259,859

 $

 16,782

 $

 19,712

 $

 265,027

 $

 279,571

 117

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

Available‑for‑Sale
Investments

The following table presents the fair value of our
available‑for‑sale securities: 

 Fair Value at

 Fair
 Value at

 December 31,

 December
 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 Bonds available for sale:

 U.S. government and government
 sponsored entities

 $

 1,844

 $

 2,992

 Obligations of states, municipalities and
 political subdivisions

 27,323

 27,659

 Non-U.S. governments

 18,195

 21,095

 Corporate debt

 135,988

 144,433

 Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
 collateralized:

 RMBS

 36,227

 37,520

 CMBS

 13,571

 12,885

 CDO/ABS

 15,097

 13,275

 Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
 collateralized

 64,895

 63,680

 Total bonds available for sale

*

 248,245

 259,859

 Equity securities available for sale:

 Common stock

 2,401

 3,629

 Preferred stock

 22

 25

 Mutual funds

 492

 741

 Total equity securities available for
 sale

 2,915

 4,395

 Total

 $

 251,160

 $

 264,254

*    At 

December 31, 2015 and 2014, 

the fair value of bonds available for sale held by us that were below
investment grade or not rated totaled $34.9 billion and
$35.1 billion, respectively.

The
following table presents the fair value of our aggregate credit exposures to
non-U.S. governments for our fixed maturity securities:

 December 31,

 December
 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 Japan

 $

 5,416

 $

 5,728

 Canada

 1,453

 2,181

 Germany

 832

 1,315

 France

 784

 614

 United Kingdom

 661

 648

 Mexico

 563

 661

 Netherlands

 511

 639

 Norway

 503

 619

 Singapore

 426

 545

 Chile

 386

 395

 Other

 6,710

 7,752

 Total

 $

 18,245

 $

 21,097

 118

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

The following table presents
the fair value of our aggregate European credit exposures by major sector for
our fixed maturity securities: 

 December 31, 2015

 Non-

 December
 31,

 Financial

 Financial

 Structured

 2014

 (in millions)

 Sovereign

 Institution

 Corporates

 Products

 Total

 Total

 Euro-Zone countries:

 France

 $

 784

 $

 1,215

 $

 2,019

 $

 -

 $

 4,018

 $

 4,498

 Netherlands

 511

 991

 1,505

 397

 3,404

 4,276

 Germany

 832

 285

 2,227

 21

 3,365

 4,155

 Ireland

 2

 -

 598

 674

 1,274

 850

 Spain

 29

 90

 968

 15

 1,102

 1,557

 Italy

 19

 115

 863

 12

 1,009

 1,245

 Belgium

 219

 120

 516

 -

 855

 973

 Luxembourg

 -

 18

 448

 30

 496

 243

 Finland

 65

 34

 130

 -

 229

 235

 Austria

 104

 3

 17

 -

 124

 155

 Other - EuroZone

 680

 48

 200

 1

 929

 1,022

 Total Euro-Zone

 $

 3,245

 $

 2,919

 $

 9,491

 $

 1,150

 $

 16,805

 $

 19,209

 Remainder of Europe

 United Kingdom

 $

 661

 $

 2,968

 $

 8,015

 $

 3,642

 $

 15,286

 $

 16,076

 Switzerland

 49

 1,195

 1,275

 -

 2,519

 2,941

 Sweden

 144

 488

 195

 -

 827

 1,135

 Norway

 503

 43

 142

 -

 688

 846

 Russian Federation

 36

 8

 78

 -

 122

 311

 Other - Remainder of Europe

 198

 119

 111

 15

 443

 494

 Total - Remainder of Europe

 $

 1,591

 $

 4,821

 $

 9,816

 $

 3,657

 $

 19,885

 $

 21,803

 Total

 $

 4,836

 $

 7,740

 $

 19,307

 $

 4,807

 $

 36,690

 $

 41,012

Investments
in Municipal Bonds

At December 31, 2015, the U.S. municipal bond portfolio was
composed primarily of essential service revenue bonds and high-quality
tax-backed bonds with over 95 percent of the portfolio rated A or higher.

 119

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

The
following table presents the fair values of our available for sale U.S.
municipal bond portfolio by state and municipal bond type:

 December 31, 2015

 State

 Local

 Total

 December
 31,

 General

 General

 Fair

 2014

 (in
 millions)

 Obligation

 Obligation

 Revenue

 Value

 Total
 Fair Value

 State:

 New York

 $

 35

 $

 620

 $

 3,958

 $

 4,613

 $

 4,116

 California

 663

 610

 2,568

 3,841

 4,707

 Texas

 328

 1,534

 1,553

 3,415

 3,356

 Illinois

 111

 367

 1,008

 1,486

 1,364

 Massachusetts

 693

 -

 694

 1,387

 1,417

 Washington

 530

 144

 685

 1,359

 1,278

 Florida

 155

 -

 980

 1,135

 1,052

 Virginia

 65

 5

 808

 878

 918

 Georgia

 280

 243

 347

 870

 819

 Washington DC

 156

 1

 548

 705

 607

 Pennsylvania

 269

 23

 384

 676

 537

 Arizona

 -

 94

 482

 576

 734

 Ohio

 128

 8

 395

 531

 604

 All other states(a)

 1,061

 547

 4,243

 5,851

 6,150

 Total

(b)(c)

 $

 4,474

 $

 4,196

 $

 18,653

 $

 27,323

 $

 27,659

(a) We did not have material credit exposure to the government
of Puerto Rico.

(b) Excludes certain university and not-for-profit entities
that issue their bonds in the corporate debt market. Includes industrial
revenue bonds.

(c)  Includes $2.9 billion of pre-refunded municipal bonds.

Investments in Corporate Debt Securities

The following table presents the industry categories of
our available for sale corporate debt securities:

 Fair Value at

 Fair
 Value at

 Industry
 Category

 December 31,

 December
 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 Financial
 institutions:

 Money Center /Global Bank Groups

 $

 9,104

 $

 10,682

 Regional banks — other

 568

 543

 Life insurance

 3,295

 3,575

 Securities firms and other finance
 companies

 380

 422

 Insurance non-life

 5,421

 5,625

 Regional banks — North America

 6,823

 6,636

 Other financial institutions

 7,808

 8,169

 Utilities(a)

 18,497

 19,249

 Communications

 10,251

 10,316

 Consumer noncyclical

 15,391

 16,792

 Capital goods

 8,973

 8,594

 Energy(a)

 13,861

 16,494

 Consumer cyclical

 9,767

 11,197

 Basic

 7,512

 9,187

 Other

 18,337

 16,952

 Total (b)

 $

 135,988

 $

 144,433

(a) The Utilities and Energy amounts at December 31, 2014, have
been revised from $23.7 billion and $12.0 billion to $19.2 billion and $16.5
billion, respectively, to conform to current industry classification, which are
not considered material to previously issued financial statements.

 120

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

(b) At December 31, 2015 and December 31,
2014, approximately 91 percent and 93 percent, respectively, of these
investments were rated investment grade.

Our
investments in the energy category, as a percentage of total investments in
available-for-sale fixed maturities, were 5.6 percent and 6.4 percent at
December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The decline in energy exposure
from December 31, 2014 resulted from unrealized losses due to reduction in the
energy sector pricing, sales of securities and other-than-temporary
impairments.  While the energy investments are primarily investment grade
and are actively managed, the category continues to experience volatility that
could adversely affect credit quality and fair value.

Investments
in RMBS

The following table presents AIG’s RMBS available for
sale investments by year of vintage:

 Fair Value at

 Fair Value at

 December 31,

 December 31,

 (in millions) 

 2015

 2014

 Total RMBS

 2015

 $

 2,273

 $

 -

 2014

 1,096

 871

 2013

 2,178

 2,724

 2012

 1,944

 2,382

 2011

 4,800

 5,310

 2010 and
 prior*

 23,936

 26,233

 Total
 RMBS

 $

 36,227

 $

 37,520

 Agency

 2015

 $

 2,025

 $

 -

 2014

 1,000

 799

 2013

 2,094

 2,625

 2012

 1,877

 2,234

 2011

 2,927

 3,428

 2010 and
 prior

 2,628

 3,324

 Total
 Agency

 $

 12,551

 $

 12,410

 Alt-A

 2015

 -

 -

 2014

 -

 -

 2013

 -

 -

 2012

 -

 -

 2011

 $

 -

 $

 -

 2010 and
 prior

 12,831

 13,001

 Total
 Alt-A

 $

 12,831

 $

 13,001

 Subprime

 2015

 -

 -

 2014

 -

 -

 2013

 -

 -

 2012

 -

 -

 2011

 -

 -

 2010 and
 prior

 $

 2,376

 $

 2,423

 Total
 Subprime

 $

 2,376

 $

 2,423

 121

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

 Prime non-agency

 2015

 $

 -

 $

 -

 2014

 -

 -

 2013

 8

 8

 2012

 53

 126

 2011

 1,873

 1,882

 2010 and
 prior

 5,716

 7,047

 Total
 Prime non-agency

 $

 7,650

 $

 9,063

 Total
 Other housing related

 $

 819

 $

 623

*    Includes
approximately $13.2 billion and $13.5 billion at December 31, 2015, and
December 31, 2014, respectively, of certain RMBS that had experienced
deterioration in credit quality since their origination.  See Note 5 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on Purchased Credit
Impaired (PCI) Securities.

The
following table presents our RMBS available for sale investments by credit
rating:

 Fair Value at

 Fair
 Value at

 December 31,

 December
 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 Rating:

 Total RMBS

 AAA

 $

 14,884

 $

 14,699

 AA

 389

 418

 A

 509

 546

 BBB

 661

 911

 Below investment grade(a)

 19,779

 20,937

 Non-rated

 5

 9

 Total RMBS(b)

 $

 36,227

 $

 37,520

 Agency RMBS

 AAA

 $

 12,547

 $

 12,405

 AA

 4

 5

 Total Agency

 $

 12,551

 $

 12,410

 Alt-A RMBS

 AAA

 $

 5

 $

 7

 AA

 17

 33

 A

 121

 85

 BBB

 216

 317

 Below investment grade(a)

 12,472

 12,559

 Total Alt-A

 $

 12,831

 $

 13,001

 Subprime
 RMBS

 AAA

 $

 15

 $

 18

 AA

 68

 117

 A

 247

 252

 BBB

 200

 207

 Below investment grade(a)

 1,846

 1,829

 Total Subprime

 $

 2,376

 $

 2,423

 Prime
 non-agency

 AAA

 $

 1,986

 $

 2,076

 AA

 188

 253

 A

 138

 205

 BBB

 209

 351

 Below investment grade(a)

 5,124

 6,169

 Non-rated

 5

 9

 Total prime non-agency

 $

 7,650

 $

 9,063

 Total Other housing related

 $

 819

 $

 623

 122

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

(a) Includes certain RMBS that had
experienced deterioration in credit quality since their origination. See Note 5
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on PCI
Securities.

(b) The weighted average expected life was six years at both December
31, 2015 and December 31, 2014.

Our underwriting practices for investing in RMBS, other
asset‑backed securities and CDOs take into consideration the quality of
the originator, the manager, the servicer, security credit ratings, underlying
characteristics of the mortgages, borrower characteristics, and the level of
credit enhancement in the transaction.

Investments in CMBS

The following table presents our CMBS available for
sale investments:

 Fair Value at

 Fair
 Value at

 December 31,

 December
 31,

 (in
 millions) 

 2015

 2014

 CMBS (traditional)

 $

 11,132

 $

 11,265

 Agency

 1,622

 1,372

 Other

 817

 248

 Total

 $

 13,571

 $

 12,885

The
following table presents the fair value of our CMBS available for sale
investments by rating agency designation and by vintage year:

 Below

 Investment

 (in millions)

 AAA

 AA

 A

 BBB

 Grade

 Non-Rated

 Total

 December 31, 2015

 Year:

 2015

 $

 824

 $

 404

 $

 465

 $

 240

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 1,933

 2014

 1,604

 183

 11

 -

 -

 -

 1,798

 2013

 2,611

 433

 89

 54

 -

 -

 3,187

 2012

 737

 60

 31

 83

 -

 10

 921

 2011

 1,015

 25

 31

 21

 -

 -

 1,092

 2010 and prior

 921

 700

 635

 738

 1,646

 -

 4,640

 Total

 $

 7,712

 $

 1,805

 $

 1,262

 $

 1,136

 $

 1,646

 $

 10

 $

 13,571

 December 31, 2014

 Year:

 2014

 $

 1,570

 $

 183

 $

 11

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 1,764

 2013

 2,684

 442

 91

 58

 -

 -

 3,275

 2012

 1,158

 61

 28

 92

 -

 12

 1,351

 2011

 1,022

 20

 37

 21

 -

 -

 1,100

 2010 and prior

 1,119

 626

 814

 843

 1,993

 -

 5,395

 Total

 $

 7,553

 $

 1,332

 $

 981

 $

 1,014

 $

 1,993

 $

 12

 $

 12,885

 123

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

The following table presents
our CMBS available for sale investments by geographic region:

 Fair Value at

 Fair
 Value at

 December 31,

 December
 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 Geographic
 region:

 New York

 $

 3,149

 $

 2,759

 California

 1,244

 1,305

 Texas

 791

 831

 Florida

 520

 562

 New Jersey

 433

 457

 Virginia

 362

 389

 Illinois

 323

 344

 Pennsylvania

 295

 291

 Georgia

 253

 286

 Massachusetts

 231

 247

 Maryland

 229

 222

 North Carolina

 218

 222

 All Other*

 5,523

 4,970

 Total

 $

 13,571

 $

 12,885

*    Includes Non-U.S.
locations.

The
following table presents our CMBS available for sale investments by industry: 

 Fair Value at

 Fair
 Value at

 December 31,

 December
 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 Industry:

 Retail

 $

 3,978

 $

 3,700

 Office

 3,896

 3,652

 Multi-family*

 3,036

 2,889

 Lodging

 1,005

 1,127

 Industrial

 868

 679

 Other

 788

 838

 Total

 $

 13,571

 $

 12,885

*    Includes Agency-backed CMBS.

The fair value of CMBS holdings remained stable throughout
2015. The majority of our investments in CMBS are in tranches that contain
substantial protection features through collateral subordination. The majority
of CMBS holdings are traditional conduit transactions, broadly diversified
across property types and geographical areas.

 124

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

Investments
in CDOs

The following table presents our CDO available for sale
investments by collateral type: 

 Fair value at

 Fair
 value at

 December 31,

 December
 31,

 (in
 millions) 

 2015

 2014

 Collateral Type:

 Bank loans (CLO)

 $

 7,962

 $

 6,683

 Other

 153

 388

 Total

 $

 8,115

 $

 7,071

The
following table presents our CDO available for sale investments by credit
rating:

 Fair Value at

 Fair
 Value at

 December 31,

 December
 31,

 (in
 millions) 

 2015

 2014

 Rating:

 AAA

 $

 2,870

 $

 1,922

 AA

 2,543

 2,135

 A

 2,247

 2,317

 BBB

 298

 366

 Below investment grade

 157

 331

 Total

 $

 8,115

 $

 7,071

Commercial Mortgage Loans

At December 31, 2015, we had direct commercial mortgage
loan exposure of $22.1 billion of which, approximately 99 percent of
the loans were current.  

The following table presents the commercial mortgage
loan exposure by location and class of loan based on amortized cost:

 Number

 Percent

 of

 Class

 of

 (dollars in millions)

 Loans

 Apartments

 Offices

 Retail

 Industrial

 Hotel

 Others

 Total

 Total

 December
 31, 2015

 State:

 New York

 97

 $

 823

 $

 2,968

 $

 516

 $

 301

 $

 166

 $

 186

 $

 4,960

 22

 %

 California

 95

 87

 547

 433

 533

 788

 308

 2,696

 12

 Texas

 60

 120

 696

 106

 147

 187

 48

 1,304

 6

 New Jersey

 45

 441

 338

 324

 -

 29

 33

 1,165

 5

 Florida

 78

 187

 113

 374

 116

 20

 146

 956

 4

 Illinois

 21

 174

 369

 21

 32

 36

 23

 655

 3

 Massachusetts

 19

 56

 168

 360

 -

 -

 33

 617

 3

 Connecticut

 20

 314

 152

 23

 81

 -

 -

 570

 3

 Pennsylvania

 28

 6

 29

 436

 62

 27

 4

 564

 3

 Ohio

 37

 122

 28

 211

 67

 -

 5

 433

 2

 Other states

 302

 1,118

 1,203

 1,514

 414

 595

 229

 5,073

 23

 Foreign

 47

 471

 1,234

 520

 161

 250

 438

 3,074

 14

 Total
*

 849

 $

 3,919

 $

 7,845

 $

 4,838

 $

 1,914

 $

 2,098

 $

 1,453

 $

 22,067

 100

 %

 125

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

 December 31, 2014

 State:

 New York

 90

 $

 545

 $

 2,111

 $

 285

 $

 148

 $

 68

 $

 215

 $

 3,372

 18

 %

 California

 115

 29

 635

 389

 472

 597

 469

 2,591

 14

 New Jersey

 48

 490

 353

 308

 -

 30

 74

 1,255

 7

 Florida

 89

 141

 192

 335

 118

 137

 161

 1,084

 6

 Texas

 58

 62

 482

 121

 171

 187

 54

 1,077

 6

 Illinois

 24

 175

 327

 26

 73

 36

 -

 637

 3

 Massachusetts

 19

 -

 198

 321

 -

 -

 34

 553

 3

 Colorado

 18

 62

 158

 48

 -

 120

 101

 489

 2

 Connecticut

 23

 279

 155

 5

 43

 -

 -

 482

 2

 Pennsylvania

 49

 45

 89

 170

 107

 16

 5

 432

 2

 Other states

 349

 920

 1,140

 1,738

 494

 310

 281

 4,883

 26

 Foreign

 142

 636

 678

 78

 63

 176

 423

 2,054

 11

 Total
*

 1,024

 $

 3,384

 $

 6,518

 $

 3,824

 $

 1,689

 $

 1,677

 $

 1,817

 $

 18,909

 100

 %

*    Does not
reflect allowance for credit losses.

See Note 6 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on commercial
mortgage loans.

Impairments

The
following table presents impairments by investment type:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Other-than-temporary Impairments:

    Fixed maturity securities, available
 for sale

 $

 425

 $

 180

 $

 173

    Equity securities, available for sale

 166

 37

 14

    Private equity funds and hedge funds

 80

 30

 45

 Subtotal

 671

 247

 232

 Other impairments:

    Investments in life settlements

 540

 201

 971

    Other investments

 166

 126

 112

    Real estate

 23

 8

 19

 Total

 $

 1,400

 $

 582

 $

 1,334

Our investments in life settlements are monitored for
impairment on a contract-by-contract basis quarterly. An investment in life
settlements is considered impaired if the undiscounted cash flows resulting
from the expected proceeds would not be sufficient to recover our estimated
future carrying amount, which is the current carrying amount for the investment
in life settlements plus anticipated undiscounted future premiums and other
capitalizable future costs, if any. Impaired investments in life settlements
are written down to their estimated fair value which is determined on a
discounted cash flow basis, incorporating current market mortality assumptions
and market yields.

In late 2015, several insurance providers gave notice of
increases in policy premiums related to our investments in life settlements. 
The increase in premiums required to keep policies in force results in lower
future expected net cash flows which are insufficient to recover our net
investment on certain policies.

Other-Than-Temporary Impairments

To determine other-than-temporary impairments, we use
fundamental credit analyses of individual securities without regard to rating
agency ratings. Based on this analysis, we expect to receive cash flows
sufficient to cover the amortized cost of all below investment grade securities
for which credit impairments were not recognized.

 126

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

The following tables present
other-than-temporary impairment charges recorded in earnings on fixed maturity
securities, equity securities, private equity funds and hedge funds.

Other-than-temporary impairment charges by reportable
segment and impairment type:

 Non-Life

 Life

 Corporate

 Insurance

 Insurance

 and
 Other

 (in millions)

 Companies

 Companies

 Operations

 Total

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2015

 Impairment Type:

 Severity

 $

 13

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 13

 Change in intent

 7

 145

 81

 233

 Foreign currency declines

 33

 24

 -

 57

 Issuer-specific credit events

 178

 168

 2

 348

 Adverse projected cash flows 

 7

 13

 -

 20

 Total

 $

 238

 $

 350

 $

 83

 $

 671

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2014

 Impairment Type:

 Severity

 $

 3

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 3

 Change in intent

 8

 32

 -

 40

 Foreign currency declines

 9

 10

 -

 19

 Issuer-specific credit events

 60

 109

 -

 169

 Adverse projected cash flows 

 5

 11

 -

 16

 Total

 $

 85

 $

 162

 $

 -

 $

 247

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2013

 Impairment Type:

 Severity

 $

 6

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 6

 Change in intent

 1

 45

 2

 48

 Foreign currency declines

 1

 -

 -

 1

 Issuer-specific credit events

 43

 127

 -

 170

 Adverse projected cash flows 

 1

 6

 -

 7

 Total

 $

 52

 $

 178

 $

 2

 $

 232

Other-than-temporary
impairment charges by investment type and impairment type: 

 Other Fixed

 Equities/Other

 (in
 millions)

 RMBS

 CDO/ABS

 CMBS

 Maturity

  Invested Assets*

 Total

 For
 the Year Ended December 31, 2015

 Impairment
 Type:

 Severity

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 13

 $

 13

 Change in
 intent

 3

 -

 14

 131

 85

 233

 Foreign
 currency declines

 -

 -

 -

 57

 -

 57

 Issuer-specific
 credit events

 79

 3

 8

 110

 148

 348

 Adverse
 projected cash flows 

 20

 -

 -

 -

 -

 20

 Total

 $

 102

 $

 3

 $

 22

 $

 298

 $

 246

 $

 671

 127

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2014

 Impairment
 Type:

 Severity

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 3

 $

 3

 Change in
 intent

 -

 -

 -

 27

 13

 40

 Foreign
 currency declines

 -

 -

 -

 19

 -

 19

 Issuer-specific
 credit events

 80

 9

 21

 8

 51

 169

 Adverse
 projected cash flows 

 16

 -

 -

 -

 -

 16

 Total

 $

 96

 $

 9

 $

 21

 $

 54

 $

 67

 $

 247

 For the
 Year Ended December 31, 2013

 Impairment
 Type:

 Severity

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 6

 $

 6

 Change in
 intent

 1

 -

 -

 46

 1

 48

 Foreign
 currency declines

 -

 -

 -

 1

 -

 1

 Issuer-specific
 credit events

 36

 5

 50

 27

 52

 170

 Adverse
 projected cash flows 

 7

 -

 -

 -

 -

 7

 Total

 $

 44

 $

 5

 $

 50

 $

 74

 $

 59

 $

 232

*    Includes other-than-temporary impairment charges on private
equity funds, hedge funds and direct private equity investments.

Other-than-temporary
impairment charges by investment type and credit rating: 

 Other Fixed

 Equities/Other

 (in
 millions)

 RMBS

 CDO/ABS

 CMBS

 Maturity

  Invested Assets*

 Total

 For
 the Year Ended December 31, 2015

 Rating:

 AAA

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 12

 $

 -

 $

 12

 AA

 -

 -

 -

 12

 -

 12

 A

 -

 -

 -

 12

 -

 12

 BBB

 2

 -

 -

 50

 -

 52

 Below
 investment grade

 100

 3

 22

 208

 -

 333

 Non-rated

 -

 -

 -

 4

 246

 250

 Total

 $

 102

 $

 3

 $

 22

 $

 298

 $

 246

 $

 671

 For the
 Year Ended December 31, 2014

 Rating:

 AAA

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 4

 $

 -

 $

 4

 AA

 3

 -

 -

 2

 -

 5

 A

 -

 -

 -

 2

 -

 2

 BBB

 2

 -

 -

 11

 -

 13

 Below
 investment grade

 91

 5

 21

 35

 -

 152

 Non-rated

 -

 4

 -

 -

 67

 71

 Total

 $

 96

 $

 9

 $

 21

 $

 54

 $

 67

 $

 247

 For the
 Year Ended December 31, 2013

 Rating:

 AAA

 $

 1

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 1

 AA

 2

 -

 -

 -

 -

 2

 A

 1

 -

 -

 -

 -

 1

 BBB

 1

 -

 -

 44

 -

 45

 Below
 investment grade

 39

 5

 50

 29

 -

 123

 Non-rated

 -

 -

 -

 1

 59

 60

 Total

 $

 44

 $

 5

 $

 50

 $

 74

 $

 59

 $

 232

*    Includes other-than-temporary impairment charges on
private equity funds, hedge funds and direct private equity investments.

 128

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

We
recorded other-than-temporary impairment charges in the years ended December
31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 related to:

•

issuer-specific credit events; 

•

securities that we intend to sell or for which it is more likely than
not that we will be required to sell;

•

declines due to foreign exchange rates; 

•

adverse changes in estimated cash flows on certain structured
securities; and

•

securities that experienced severe market valuation declines.

In addition,
impairments are recorded on real estate and investments in life settlements.

In periods subsequent to the recognition of an
other-than-temporary impairment charge for available for sale fixed maturity
securities that is not foreign-exchange related, we generally prospectively
accrete into earnings the difference between the new amortized cost and the
expected undiscounted recoverable value over the remaining life of the
security. The accretion that was recognized for these securities in earnings
was $735 million in 2015, $725 million in 2014 and $774 million in 2013. See
Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our
other-than-temporary impairment accounting policy.

The following table shows the aging of the pre-tax
unrealized losses of fixed maturity and equity securities, the extent to which
the fair value is less than amortized cost or cost, and the number of
respective items in each category:

 December
 31, 2015

 Less Than or Equal

 Greater Than 20%

 Greater Than 50%

 to 20% of Cost(b)

 to 50% of Cost(b)

 of Cost(b)

 Total 

 Aging

(a)

 Unrealized

 Unrealized

 Unrealized

 Unrealized

 (dollars
 in millions)

 Cost(c)

 Loss

 Items(e)

 Cost(c) 

 Loss

 Items(e)

 Cost(c) 

 Loss

 Items(e) 

 Cost(c) 

 Loss(d) 

 Items(e) 

 Investment
 grade

 bonds

 0-6 months

 $

 35,961

 $

 815

 5,516

 $

 408

 $

 115

 82

 $

 -

 $

 -

 -

 $

 36,369

 $

 930

 5,598

 7-11 months

 23,134

 1,342

 3,594

 1,061

 275

 201

 -

 -

 -

 24,195

 1,617

 3,795

 12 months
 or more

 6,883

 501

 938

 2,363

 733

 183

 21

 13

 6

 9,267

 1,247

 1,127

 Total

 $

 65,978

 $

 2,658

 10,048

 $

 3,832

 $

 1,123

 466

 $

 21

 $

 13

 6

 $

 69,831

 $

 3,794

 10,520

 Below
 investment

 grade bonds

 0-6 months

 $

 6,024

 $

 199

 2,341

 $

 567

 $

 168

 100

 $

 17

 $

 11

 13

 $

 6,608

 $

 378

 2,454

 7-11 months

 2,706

 168

 814

 199

 59

 132

 7

 6

 3

 2,912

 233

 949

 12 months
 or more

 5,164

 324

 766

 871

 278

 200

 385

 243

 83

 6,420

 845

 1,049

 Total

 $

 13,894

 $

 691

 3,921

 $

 1,637

 $

 505

 432

 $

 409

 $

 260

 99

 $

 15,940

 $

 1,456

 4,452

 Total bonds

 0-6 months

 $

 41,985

 $

 1,014

 7,857

 $

 975

 $

 283

 182

 $

 17

 $

 11

 13

 $

 42,977

 $

 1,308

 8,052

 7-11 months

 25,840

 1,510

 4,408

 1,260

 334

 333

 7

 6

 3

 27,107

 1,850

 4,744

 12 months
 or more

 12,047

 825

 1,704

 3,234

 1,011

 383

 406

 256

 89

 15,687

 2,092

 2,176

 Total(e)

 $

 79,872

 $

 3,349

 13,969

 $

 5,469

 $

 1,628

 898

 $

 430

 $

 273

 105

 $

 85,771

 $

 5,250

 14,972

 Equity
 securities

 0-11 months

 $

 280

 $

 13

 124

 $

 35

 $

 11

 50

 $

 -

 $

 -

 -

 $

 315

 $

 24

 174

 Total

 $

 280

 $

 13

 124

 $

 35

 $

 11

 50

 $

 -

 $

 -

 -

 $

 315

 $

 24

 174

(a) Represents the number of consecutive months that fair value
has been less than cost by any amount.

(b) Represents the percentage by which fair value is less than
cost at December 31, 2015.

(c)  For bonds, represents amortized cost.

(d) The effect on Net income of unrealized losses after taxes
will be mitigated upon realization because certain realized losses will result
in current decreases in the amortization of certain DAC.

(e) Item count is by CUSIP by subsidiary.

 129

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 INVESTMENTS

Change
in Unrealized Gains and Losses on Investments 

The change in net unrealized gains and losses on
investments in 2015 was primarily attributable to decreases in the fair value
of fixed maturity securities. For 2015, net unrealized gains related to fixed
maturity and equity securities decreased by $10.2 billion due primarily to
the rise in rates, widening of credit spreads, and the sale of equity
securities.

The change in net unrealized gains and losses on investments
in 2014 was primarily attributable to increases in the fair value of fixed
maturity securities. For 2014, net unrealized gains related to fixed maturity
and equity securities increased by $7.3 billion due to a decrease in
interest rates on investment grade fixed maturity securities, partially offset
by the widening of spreads.

See also Note 5, Investments to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for further discussion of our investment portfolio.

 Insurance Reserves

The following section provides discussion of insurance
reserves for both the Non-Life Insurance Companies and the Life Insurance
Companies, including Eaglestone Reinsurance Company, which is reported in
Corporate and Other.    

Non-Life Insurance Companies

The following section provides discussion of the
consolidated liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses for the
Non-Life Insurance Companies.

The following table presents the components of AIG’s
gross loss reserves by major lines of business on a U.S. statutory basis(a):

 At December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014(b)

 Other liability occurrence (including
 asbestos and environmental)

 $

 24,856

 $

 24,988

 Workers' compensation (net of discount)

 14,978

 16,014

 Other liability claims made

 14,006

 13,632

 Property

 5,823

 6,350

 Auto liability

 4,692

 4,814

 Accident and health

 1,783

 1,972

 Products liability

 1,681

 1,678

 Medical malpractice

 1,603

 1,520

 Aircraft

 1,286

 1,340

 Mortgage guaranty / credit

 733

 1,008

 Other

 3,501

 3,944

 Total

 $

 74,942

 $

 77,260

 Total U.S. & Canada 

 $

 58,890

 $

 58,729

 Total International (c)

 $

 16,052

 $

 18,531

(a) Presented by
lines of business pursuant to statutory reporting requirements as prescribed by
the NAIC.

(b) 2014 reflects
the reclassification of International reserves to major lines of business.

(c) The decrease
was primarily the effect of foreign exchange on gross reserves, a payment on a
large loss, and the net of other claim payments and reserve movements.

 130

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES

Gross loss reserves represent the accumulation of estimates
of ultimate losses, including estimates for IBNR and loss expenses, less
estimated salvage and subrogation and applicable discount. The Non-Life
Insurance Companies regularly review and update the methods and assumptions
used to determine loss reserve estimates and to establish the resulting
reserves. Any adjustments resulting from this review are reflected in pre‑tax
operating income. Because loss reserve estimates are subject to the outcome of
future events, changes in estimates are unavoidable given that loss trends vary
and time is often required for changes in trends to be recognized and
confirmed. Reserve changes that increase prior years’ estimates of ultimate
cost are referred to as unfavorable or adverse development or reserve
strengthening. Reserve changes that decrease prior years’ estimates of ultimate
cost are referred to as favorable development.

See MD&A Critical Accounting Estimates – Details of the Loss Reserving
Process.

Net loss
reserves represent gross loss reserves reduced by reinsurance recoverable, net
of an allowance for unrecoverable reinsurance

.

The
following table presents the components of net loss reserves:

 December
 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 Gross loss reserves before reinsurance
 and discount

 $

 78,090

 $

 80,337

 Less: discount

 (3,148)

 (3,077)

 Gross loss reserves, net of discount,
 before reinsurance

 74,942

 77,260

 Less: reinsurance recoverable*

 (14,339)

 (15,648)

 Net liability for unpaid losses and loss
 adjustment expenses

 $

 60,603

 $

 61,612

* Includes $1.8
billion and $1.5 billion of reinsurance recoverable under a retroactive
reinsurance agreement at December 31, 2015, and December 31, 2014, respectively.

Gross loss
reserves before reinsurance and discount are net of contractual deductible
recoverable amounts due from policyholders of approximately $12.6 billion
and $12.4 billion at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. These
recoverable amounts are related to certain policies with high deductibles
(meaning, the policy attachment point is above high dollar amounts retained by
the insured through self-insured retentions, deductibles, retrospective
programs, or captive arrangements; each referred to generically as
“deductibles”), primarily for U.S. commercial casualty business. With respect
to deductible portion of the claim the Non-Life Insurance Companies manage and
pay the entire claim on behalf of the insured and are reimbursed by the insured
for the deductible portion of the claim. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the
Non-Life Insurance Companies held collateral of approximately $9.6 billion
and $9.4 billion, respectively, for these deductible recoverable amounts,
consisting primarily of letters of credit and assets in trusts.

The
following table classifies the components of net loss reserves by business
unit:

 December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 Commercial Property Casualty:

 Casualty

 $

 32,620

 $

 33,065

 Financial lines

 9,265

 9,538

 Specialty

 5,197

 5,786

 Property

 4,013

 4,079

 Total Commercial Property Casualty 

 51,095

 52,468

 Commercial Mortgage Guaranty

 713

 977

 Consumer Personal Insurance

 Personal lines

 2,661

 2,763

 Accident and health

 1,662

 1,878

 Total Consumer Personal Insurance

 4,323

 4,641

 Other run-off insurance lines*

 4,472

 3,526

 Net liability for unpaid losses and loss
 adjustment expenses

 $

 60,603

 $

 61,612

 131

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES

* In 2015, $1.2 billion of loss
reserves for certain environmental liability, healthcare, casualty, and
specialty coverages, previously reported in Commercial Casualty and Specialty
lines of business, were transferred to other run-off insurance lines.

Discounting
of Reserves

The following table presents the components of loss
reserve discount included above:

 December 31,

 2015

 2014

 Run-off

 Run-off

 Property

 Insurance

 Property

 Insurance

 (in millions)

 Casualty

 Lines

 Total

 Casualty

 Lines

 Total

 U.S. workers' compensation:

 Tabular

 $

 635

 $

 218

 $

 853

 $

 623

 $

 229

 $

 852

 Non-tabular

 1,542

 746

 2,288

 1,525

 689

 2,214

 Asbestos

 -

 7

 7

 -

 11

 11

 Total reserve discount

 $

 2,177

 $

 971

 $

 3,148

 $

 2,148

 $

 929

 $

 3,077

The
following table presents the net reserve discount benefit (charge):

 Years Ended December 31,

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Run-off

 Run-off

 Run-off

 Property

 Insurance

 Property

 Insurance

 Property

 Insurance

 (in millions)

 Casualty

 Lines

 Total

 Casualty

 Lines

 Total

 Casualty

 Lines

 Total

 Current accident year

 $

 182

 $

 -

 $

 182

 $

 189

 $

 -

 $

 189

 $

 175

 $

 -

 $

 175

 Accretion and other

 adjustments to prior

 year discount

 (262)

 (74)

 (336)

 (145)

 (235)

 (380)

 (225)

 102

 (123)

 Effect of interest rate

 changes

 148

 77

 225

 (225)

 (172)

 (397)

 (272)

 529

 257

 Effect of re-pooling

 -

 -

 -

 110

 -

 110

 -

 -

 -

 Net reserve discount

  benefit (charge)

 68

 3

 71

 (71)

 (407)

 (478)

 (322)

 631

 309

 Amount transferred to run-off

 insurance lines

 (39)

 39

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Net change in total reserve

 discount

 $

 29

 $

 42

 $

 71

 $

 (71)

 $

 (407)

 $

 (478)

 $

 (322)

 $

 631

 $

 309

 Comprised of:

 U.S. Workers'

 compensation

 $

 29

 $

 46

 $

 75

 $

 (71)

 $

 (385)

 $

 (456)

 $

 (322)

 $

 649

 $

 327

 Asbestos

 $

 -

 $

 (4)

 $

 (4)

 $

 -

 $

 (22)

 $

 (22)

 $

 -

 $

 (18)

 $

 (18)

U.S. Workers’
Compensation

The Non-Life
Insurance Companies discount certain workers’ compensation reserves in
accordance with practices prescribed or permitted by New York, Pennsylvania and
Delaware. New York rules generally do not permit non-tabular discounting on
IBNR and prescribe a fixed 5 percent discount rate for application to case
reserves. Pennsylvania permits non-tabular discounting of IBNR and, commencing
in 2013, approved variable discount 

rates determined
using risk-free rates based on the U.S. Treasury forward yield curve plus a
liquidity margin, 

applicable to IBNR and case
reserves. Delaware has permitted discounting on the same basis as the
Pennsylvania domiciled companies.

The net
increase in workers’ compensation discount in 2015 of $75 million was partially
due to the increase in forward yield curve rates used for discounting under the
prescribed or permitted practices. The increase in the forward yield curve
component of the discount rates resulted in a $225 million increase in the loss
reserve discount, as Treasury rates generally increased along the payout
pattern horizon in 2015. In addition, the effects of the discount attributable
to newly established 

 132

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES

reserves for accident year 2015
increased the discount by $182 million in 2015. These increases were partially
offset by a $332 million reduction for accident years 2014 and prior, primarily
from accretion of discount on reserves during 2015.  

On January 1,
2014, the Non-Life Insurance Companies merged their two internal pooling
arrangements into one pool, and changed the participation percentages of the
pool members resulting in a reallocation of reserves from New York domiciled
companies to those domiciled in Pennsylvania and Delaware. As a result of these
changes in the participation percentages and domiciliary states of the
participants of the combined pool, the Non-Life Insurance Companies recognized
a discount benefit of $110 million in the first quarter of 2014.

Annual Reserving
Conclusion 

AIG net loss
reserves represent our best estimate of the liability for net losses and loss
adjustment expenses as of December 31, 2015. While we regularly review the
adequacy of established loss reserves, there can be no assurance that our
recorded loss reserves will not develop adversely in future years and
materially exceed our loss reserves as of December 31, 2015. In our opinion,
such adverse development and resulting increase in reserves are not likely to
have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition,
although such events could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
results of operations for an individual reporting period.

The
following table presents the rollforward of net loss reserves:

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Net liability for unpaid losses and loss
 adjustment expenses

 at beginning of year

 $

 61,612

 $

 64,316

 $

 68,782

 Foreign exchange effect

 (1,429)

 (1,061)

 (617)

 Other, including dispositions

 -

 -

 (79)

 Change due to retroactive asbestos
 reinsurance

 20

 141

 22

 Losses and loss adjustment expenses
 incurred:

 Current year, undiscounted

 20,308

 21,279

 22,171

 Prior years unfavorable development,
 undiscounted*

 4,119

 703

 557

 Change in discount

 (71)

 478

 (309)

 Losses and loss adjustment expenses
 incurred

 24,356

 22,460

 22,419

 Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid:

 Current year

 5,751

 6,358

 7,431

 Prior years

 18,205

 17,886

 18,780

 Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid

 23,956

 24,244

 26,211

 Net liability for unpaid losses and loss
 adjustment expenses

 at end of year

 $

 60,603

 $

 61,612

 $

 64,316

* See
tables below for details of prior year development by business unit, accident
year and major class of business.

 133

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES

The following table summarizes
development, (favorable) or unfavorable, of incurred losses and loss expenses
for prior years, net of reinsurance, by business unit and major class of
business:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Prior accident year development by major
 class of business:

 Commercial Property Casualty - U.S. &
 Canada:

 Excess casualty

 $

 1,529

 $

 (36)

 $

 (144)

 Financial lines including professional
 liability

 579

 (47)

 (113)

 On-going Environmental 

 108

 137

 151

 Primary casualty:

 Loss-sensitive (offset by premium
 adjustments below)(a)

 (49)

 105

 89

 Other

 1,175

 445

 409

 Healthcare

 207

 109

 (54)

 Property excluding natural catastrophes

 (117)

 50

 (80)

 Natural catastrophes

 (52)

 (102)

 179

 All other, net

 6

 72

 23

 Total Commercial Property Casualty - U.S.
 & Canada

 3,386

 733

 460

 Commercial Property Casualty
 International:

 Excess casualty

 71

 (62)

 (15)

 Primary casualty

 89

 (5)

 (25)

 Financial lines

 47

 182

 74

 Specialty

 (5)

 (30)

 (51)

 Property excluding natural catastrophes

 (64)

 (82)

 (3)

 Natural catastrophes

 (44)

 (77)

 (71)

 All other, net

 -

 (4)

 (14)

 Total Commercial Property Casualty -
 International

 94

 (78)

 (105)

 Total Commercial Property Casualty

 3,480

 655

 355

 Commercial Mortgage Guaranty

 (69)

 (104)

 30

 Consumer Personal Insurance - U.S. &
 Canada:

 Natural catastrophes

 (12)

 (8)

 (69)

 All other, net

 (54)

 (44)

 (46)

 Total Consumer Personal Insurance - U.S.
 & Canada

 (66)

 (52)

 (115)

 Consumer Personal Insurance -
 International:

 Natural catastrophes

 2

 (8)

 -

 All other, net

 45

 (17)

 (40)

 Total Consumer Personal Insurance -
 International

 47

 (25)

 (40)

 Total Consumer Personal Insurance

 (19)

 (77)

 (155)

 Run-off Insurance Lines

 Asbestos and environmental (1986 and
 prior)

 281

 124

 67

 Run-off environmental

 132

 120

 238

 Run-off healthcare(b)

 50

 -

 -

 Other run-off

 272

 -

 -

 All other, net

 (8)

 (15)

 22

 Total Run-off Insurance Lines

 727

 229

 327

 Total prior year unfavorable development

 $

 4,119

 $

 703

 $

 557

 Premium adjustments on primary casualty
 loss sensitive business

 49

 (105)

 (89)

 Total prior year development, net of
 premium adjustments

 $

 4,168

 $

 598

 $

 468

(a) Represents prior year development on active
retrospectively rated components of risk-sharing policies.

(b) In 2015, includes $30 million of non-operating adverse
prior year development.

 134

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES

Net Loss
Development

In determining the loss development from prior accident
years, we consider and evaluate inputs from many sources, including actual
claims data, the performance of prior reserve estimates, observed industry
trends, our internal peer review processes (including challenges and
recommendations from our Enterprise Risk Management group) as well as the views
of third party actuarial firms.  We use these inputs to improve our
evaluation techniques, and to analyze and assess the change in estimated
ultimate loss for each accident year by class of business. Our analyses produce
a range of indications from various methods, from which we select our best
estimate.

We analyze and evaluate the change in estimated ultimate
loss for each accident year by class of business. For example, if loss
emergence for a class of business is different than expected for certain
accident years, we examine the indicated effect such emergence would have on
the reserves of that class of business. In some cases, the lower or higher than
expected emergence may result in no clear change in the ultimate loss estimate
for the accident years in question, and no adjustment would be made to the
reserves for the class of business. In other cases, the lower or higher than
expected emergence may result in a change, either favorable or unfavorable. As
appropriate, we make adjustments in response to the difference between the
actual and expected loss emergence for each accident year. As part of our
reserving process, we also consider notices of claims received with respect to
emerging and/or evolving issues, in particular those related to complex,
claims-related class action litigation and latent exposure claims. Our analyses
and conclusions about prior year reserves also help inform our judgments about
the current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ratio selected
(Commercial: 66.2 points; Consumer: 54.0 points; Mortgage Guaranty: 25.1 points)
and the current year’s addition to reserves.

In 2015 and 2014, we recognized $4.1 billion and $703
million of adverse development, respectively, driven in each period by adverse
loss development in Commercial Property Casualty and Run-off Insurance Lines partially
offset by Consumer Personal Insurance and Mortgage Guaranty business. In 2013,
we recognized $557 million of adverse development primarily due to the adverse
prior year loss reserve development in Commercial Property Casualty, Mortgage
Guaranty business and Run-off Insurance Lines, partially offset by Consumer
Personal Insurance.

See Results of Operations — Commercial Insurance and Results
of Operations — Consumer Personal Insurance Results herein for further
discussion of net loss development.

The following is a discussion of the primary reasons for the
development in 2015, 2014 and 2013 of those classes of business that
experienced significant prior accident year development during the three-year
period. See MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates for a description of our
loss reserving process, basis for selections and sensitivities to certain
assumptions.

Commercial Property Casualty

In 2015, the Commercial Property Casualty adverse prior year
loss reserve development of $3.5 billion was driven by Excess Casualty, Primary
Casualty, Environmental, Financial Lines, Healthcare and International Excess Casualty,
partially offset by Property excluding natural catastrophes and Natural
catastrophes.

In 2014, the Commercial Property Casualty adverse prior year
loss reserve development of $655 million was driven by Primary Casualty,
Environmental, International Financial Lines, and Healthcare, partially offset
by Natural catastrophes, International Primary Casualty and International
Commercial Property. 

In 2013, the Commercial Property Casualty adverse prior year
loss reserve development of $355 million was driven by Primary Casualty,
International Financial Lines, Environmental, and Healthcare, partially offset
by Excess Casualty, Financial Lines, and Natural catastrophes.

Excess Casualty – U.S. & Canada

The excess casualty class presents unique challenges for
estimating the liability for unpaid losses. Our policies tend to attach at a
high layer above underlying policies, usually issued by other insurance
companies, which can limit our access to relevant information to help inform
our judgments. Our insureds are generally required to provide us with notice of
claims that exceed a 

 135

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES

threshold, either expressed as a
proportion of our coverage attachment point (e.g., 50 percent of the
attachment) or for particular types of claims (e.g., death, quadriplegia). This
threshold is generally established well below our attachment point, to provide
us with a precautionary notice of claims that could potentially reach our excess
layer of coverage. This means that the majority of claims reported to us are closed
without payment by us because the claims never reach our layer, while the
claims that reach our layer and close with payment by us can be large and
highly variable. Thus, estimates of unpaid losses carry significant
uncertainty. 

During 2015, Excess Casualty experienced $1.5 billion of
adverse development largely driven by worse than expected loss emergence reported
in 2015, including $1.2 billion (primarily for U.S. risks) in the fourth
quarter when we completed our scheduled detail valuation review for this class.
This increase was largely driven by adverse emergence in both general liability
and umbrella auto liability, reflecting worsening trends in the number and
nature of high severity losses. Approximately $411 million of the adverse
development is related to auto liability. We reacted to the adverse emergence
by updating our assumptions about loss severity, loss development patterns and
expected loss ratios for the most recent accident years. We have seen an
increasing trend in the frequency of high severity claims, especially in the umbrella
auto liability portfolio. We also observed deterioration in certain class
action claims that have complex coverage uncertainties and high limits
characterized by increases in new claims and/or demands reported in 2015 and
progress towards potential settlements, which have further informed our
actuarial projections of ultimate losses for these types of claims.  These
types of claim classes have the longest emergence period within the excess
casualty class and can impact multiple accident years, and are therefore
inherently more volatile.  In addition, we also increased losses associated
with bad-faith claims by approximately $120 million reflecting an increase in
recent settlements. These types of claims have the longest emergence period within
the excess casualty class and can impact multiple accident years, and are
therefore inherently more volatile. 

During 2014, Excess Casualty experienced $36 million of
favorable development largely driven by savings on a few large claims. In our
Excess Umbrella analysis in 2014, our revised segmentation led to lower 2005
and subsequent accident year estimates for non-mass tort claims where we expect
underwriting actions and reductions in policy limits to have a favorable effect
on ultimate losses from accident years 2007 to 2013 in particular. This was
entirely offset by higher selected ultimate losses for accident years 2004 and
prior as a result of updated loss development patterns for mass tort claims
which we segmented separately from the non-mass tort claims.

During 2013, Excess Casualty experienced $144 million of
favorable development due to favorable outcomes on some large cases from 2010
and lower than expected emergence in high layer Catastrophic Casualty business.

Primary Casualty – U.S. and Canada

Primary Casualty includes Workers’ Compensation, General
Liability and Auto Liability lines of business.  The business is segmented by
industry and where relevant, by geography.

Many of our primary casualty policies contain risk-sharing
features, including high deductibles, self-insured retentions or retrospective
rating features, in addition to a traditional insurance component. These risk-sharing
programs generally are large and complex, comprising multiple products, years
and structures, and are subject to amendment over time. As part of the year end
reserve review related to these policies, in addition to reviewing normal
development we enhanced our segmentation to better reflect the specified policy
features.  Based on the analysis, we increased our reserves by $540
million, primarily for accident years 2012 and prior and in the workers’
compensation class, to reflect estimated increased losses and reduced
expectations of future recoveries

from our
insureds through these risk-sharing features.

We also recognized $100 million of adverse prior year development
in Workers’ Compensation coverages sold to government contractors in U.S and
non-U.S. military installations as a result of adverse loss emergence from
several large accounts in the recent accident years. In addition, we reacted to
the adverse emergence by increasing our expected loss ratios in recent accident
years.

For the remainder of the primary workers’ compensation
portfolio our analysis was based on the refined segmentation from 2014, which
indicated that prior year loss reserve development was flat after taking into
account the initiatives that our claim function had undertaken to manage high
risk claims.

 136

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES

For Primary General Liability, we
increased our ultimate loss estimates for prior accident years by $146 million
largely related to coverage sold to the Construction sectors as we reacted to noteworthy
adverse loss emergence throughout the year, by changing our assumptions about
loss development and expected loss ratios. For construction, the adverse
development was driven by construction defect claims. The construction class is
being re-underwritten to reduce New York and U.S. residential exposures.

For Primary Auto liability, we have observed increases in
both the frequency and severity of claims occurring since the recovery from the
recent U.S. economic downturn, which have significantly outpaced the pricing rate
increases implemented during the same period. As a result, we recognized $144
million of adverse development during 2015 as we increased the expected loss
ratios for recent accident years to reflect the deteriorating trends.

We also-reassessed the reasonableness of our liability for
future claim handling expenses related to existing loss reserves and updated
our estimates to reflect the costs from recent investments in claims systems,
processes and people with the objective of improving our ability to better
manage total loss costs. We increased our reserve estimates by $214 million based
on refined analyses, $100 million of which was attributable to U.S. &
Canada primary casualty. The balance was distributed among other classes. 

During 2014, we continued to refine our segmentation of
primary workers’ compensation into guaranteed cost and excess of large
deductible business by deductible size group.  The net result of the analysis
was adverse development of $137 million for the primary workers’ compensation
class of business. The key drivers of the adverse development in this class of
business were increases for guaranteed cost business in California and New
York, and increases for excess of large deductible business, as well as adverse
experience in the Construction class.  Each of these segments appears to have
been impacted by specific structural changes in the portfolio. For California
business, our tail factor increases were in response to changing long-term
medical development patterns. In New York, there has been a lengthening of the
period between the date of accident and the classification of non-scheduled
permanent partial injuries.  We completed a review of claim emergence and
payouts for our top six states in workers’ compensation and concluded that
California and New York were the main states where the loss development
patterns had materially changed since our last review. For excess of large
deductible business across all states, we updated our analyses to consider the
impact of changes in the mix of retentions that has occurred over time as the
data by retention band was becoming more credible.  For the Construction class,
we note that the construction sector has experienced a comparatively slow
recovery in payroll employment.  As a result of the diminished employment
opportunities in this industry sector, injured workers may experience limited
return-to-work opportunities, which moderate the shortening of claim duration
that normally accompanies a labor market recovery. For all other states
combined excluding California and New York, we saw favorable emergence in our
middle market Specialty Workers’ Compensation segment.  The net effect of these
revised selections had the greatest adverse effect on the Construction class of
business ($140 million adverse development) and the National Accounts class of
business ($125 million adverse development).  The most significant favorable
effect was in the Specialty Workers’ Compensation class of business ($155
million favorable development).  Our analysis considers our best estimate
expectations of medical inflation and loss costs trends and also reflects the
impacts of enhancements in our claim management and loss mitigation activities,
such as opioid management, fraud investigation and medical management. 

For primary general liability in 2014, we increased our
ultimate loss estimates for prior years by $182 million. This was largely
driven by the construction segment as a result of several large construction
defect claims and increases in the costs of claims in New York associated with
New York Labor Law.  The construction results in California and New York
continue to be the main sources of adverse development in our guaranteed cost
primary general liability books although we did experience adverse development
from construction defect claims in other states in 2014. Our large account
primary non-construction general liability business was adversely impacted by
claim activity in the layers excess of large insured retentions and we
increased our loss development patterns for these layers to reflect the
changes.

For commercial auto in 2014, we reacted to an increase in
frequency of large claims in the accident years 2010 to 2013, where the
economic recovery has contributed to increased frequency and severity,
especially for those claims in excess of a client deductible of $500,000, which
generally take several years to emerge and settle. This led to adverse prior
year loss reserve development of $156 million for the automobile subset of
primary casualty.

 137

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES

During 2013, we continued to
refine the segmentation of our analyses of primary workers’ compensation, which
indicated that prior year loss reserve development was flat after taking into
account the initiatives that our claim function had undertaken to manage high
risk claims.

During 2013, for primary general liability, we increased our
reserves for prior years by approximately $355 million. Most of the increase
was driven by construction related primary general liability claims, especially
construction defect claims where we increased our ultimate loss estimates by
$219 million to reflect the higher than expected frequency and severity of
these claims especially in states that experienced heavy increases in
construction activity after the 2004 and 2005 hurricanes and during the housing
boom prior to 2007. Due to the subsequent home price declines observed in many
of these states, the frequency of reported losses has increased as the losses
subsequently represented a larger percentage of the equity values of the
affected homes, and homeowners increasingly looked to insurance recoveries as a
way to recoup some of that lost value.

Financial Lines – U.S. and Canada

Financial Lines business includes Director and Officer
(D&O) and Related Management Liability, various Professional Liability
classes of business as well as the Fidelity book of business.  The Financial
Lines book consists mostly of the D&O class of business. 

During 2015, we recognized $579 million of adverse
development, primarily as a result of our scheduled annual detailed valuation
review conducted in the fourth quarter, driven largely by the adverse loss
emergence that we have seen over the last year, especially in D&O and Professional
Liability.  In particular, we have observed greater than expected loss costs
for several claims from accident years 2006 through 2010, driven by unfavorable
settlements and deterioration in known claims. We responded to this adverse
emergence by updating our loss development factors and expected loss ratio
assumptions for all accident years.  In addition, we recognized losses
associated with bad-faith claims primarily based on actual settlements in the
fourth quarter.

During 2014, we recognized $47 million of favorable
development driven by the Professional Liability and D&O and Related
Management Liability classes of business, somewhat offset by adverse
development on the Fidelity book in recent accident years due to the changing
economic cycle.  

During 2013, we recognized $113 million of favorable
development driven somewhat evenly among the Professional Liability, Fidelity
and D&O and Related Management Liability classes of business. The year-end
2013 Professional Liability loss reserve actuarial review adopted a refined
segmentation for this class of business with the selection of differentiated
frequency and severity trends for various Professional Liability classes of
business which appear to be behaving differently in the post financial crisis
years than when reviewed in total.

Healthcare 

During 2015, we recognized $207 million of adverse
development driven by deteriorating loss experience in accident years 2008 and
subsequent characterized by large claims in various segments including
hospitals, nursing homes, and pharmaceutical and medical products liability. We
reacted to these large claims by increasing our expected loss ratios for recent
accident years and putting physicians and surgeons and pharmaceutical and
medical products classes into runoff.

During 2014, we recognized $109 million of adverse
development in this class largely driven by three large and relatively unusual
claims of $25 million each in relatively recent accident years. While there
have not been any significant structural changes to the portfolio, there can be
material volatility in loss experience in this class of business where
individual claims can be of high severity.

During 2013, this class recognized $54 million of favorable
prior year development due to lower than expected loss emergence in many
classes such as Excess Hospital Liability.

 138

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES

International Casualty (Excess
and Primary Casualty) and Specialty

During 2015, we recognized $155 million of adverse prior
year development, primarily due to three large product liability claims in our
Casualty and Specialty lines totaling approximately $115 million. Two of these
claims arose in Japan, which is unusual for our portfolio in that market.

During 2014 and 2013, we had $97 million and $91 million of
favorable development, respectively.  The favorable development in each year was
due to lower than expected loss emergence in many classes and countries outside
the U.S., with the majority from various countries in the EMEA region.

Financial Lines – International

During 2014 we implemented an enhanced claims operating
model in Europe and Australasia which has provided our actuaries with more
detailed case reserve data and analysis, enabling AIG’s actuaries to react
sooner to case development than in prior years.  

During 2015, we recognized $47 million of adverse prior year
development, driven by increased claims emergence and related updates to the
assumptions for loss development factors and expected loss ratios used in the
annual detailed valuation review for these reserves, primarily related to
Europe and Australasia risks. 

During 2014, we recognized $182 million of adverse
development in the international Financial Lines segments, driven by large
claims emergence in the U.K., Australasia and Europe.  Multiple accident years
contributed to this total, but it was concentrated most heavily in accident
years 2008-2011.  The Australasia emergence was due to a number of specific
large losses in the Australia and New Zealand D&O business.  In Europe,
adverse prior year loss reserve development was concentrated in the D&O
class of business, where we have observed a greater incidence of severe claims
compared with prior years, and the Professional class of business, with large
losses from one insured. 

During 2013, we recognized $74 million of adverse
development, all of which stemmed from losses in the D&O books in Europe,
UK and Australasia, with the other segments showing modest favorable
development.  The development we recognized can be directly linked to a small
number of specific claims booked throughout the year.

Natural Catastrophes

During 2015 and 2014, we experienced favorable property
catastrophe prior year development of $52 million and $102 million,
respectively, in our U.S. and Canada business, primarily due to favorable
development from several U.S. events in accident year 2013. We also experienced
favorable property catastrophe prior year loss reserve development of $44
million and $77 million from our international property class of business for
2015 and 2014, respectively.

During 2013, we experienced adverse development from Storm
Sandy totaling $108 million, or 5.4 percent of the 2012 estimate. This
development resulted from higher severities on a small number of large and
complex commercial claims driven by a number of factors including the extensive
damage caused to properties in the downtown New York metropolitan area.

Mortgage Guaranty 

Mortgage Guaranty business includes domestic first liens (96
percent of total reserves) and run-off books in second liens, student loans and
international. 

During 2015, we recognized $69 million of favorable prior
year loss reserve development driven by lower than expected frequency due to
improving cure rates.  Post-claim recoveries also contributed to favorable
prior year development.

During 2014, we recognized $104 million of favorable prior
year loss reserve development driven primarily by the benefit of a settlement
with a mortgage lender, steady increases in year-over-year first lien cure
rates, a reflection of the improved 

 139

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES

economic
environment, and in part by favorable frequency trends and recoveries in second
lien claims.  Partially offsetting these improvements were upward trends in
severity, particularly for older (pre-2012) accident periods.

During 2013, we recognized $30 million of adverse prior
year loss reserve development due to unfavorable emergence of overturns of
prior claim cancellations and increased severity estimates in first liens,
partially offset by favorable frequency in student loans and a reduction in the
unallocated loss adjustment expense reserve.

Consumer Personal Insurance

During 2015, 2014 and 2013, we recognized $19 million, $77
million, and $155 million of favorable development, respectively. 

During 2015 and 2014, we experienced favorable loss reserve
development of $10 million and $16 million, respectively, from Natural
Catastrophes. 

The remaining $61 million of favorable development in 2014
was primarily from Homeowners, International Accident & Health and U.S.
Warranty.

Run-Off Insurance Lines

The following is a discussion of the primary reasons for the
Run-Off Insurance Lines development in 2015, 2014 and 2013 of those classes of
business that experienced significant prior accident year development during
the three-year period.

Asbestos and Environmental (1986 and prior)

Asbestos coverage has been excluded from AIG policies
commencing in 1985. Most of AIG’s asbestos reserves are ceded to National
Indemnity Company (NICO) under a retrospective reinsurance arrangement entered
into in 2011. However, certain asbestos-related exposures are not subject to
the NICO agreement, including asbestos exposures for which we have negotiated
fixed payment schedules, and third party reinsurance assumed policies. The
reported claim activity on the assumed claims has increased in the last year. As
a result, we modified certain of our loss-reserve-related assumptions to better
reflect this AIG-specific experience as well as consideration of recent
industry-wide trends regarding expanding coverage theories for liability. As a
result, we increased our 2015 reserves by $164 million and by $117 million for
Asbestos and Environmental, respectively.

Other Run-Off Insurance

During 2015, we transferred approximately $1.2 billion of
loss reserves, largely representing coverages we have not written for at least
five years, from Commercial Insurance into Run-off insurance lines. We
increased the reserves for these coverages by $272 million to reflect updated
assumptions about future loss development.

Excess Workers’ Compensation – U.S.

This class of business, which is reported in our run-off
unit, has an extremely long tail and is one of the most challenging classes of
business from a reserving perspective, particularly when the excess coverage is
provided above a self-insured retention layer. The class is highly sensitive to
small changes in assumptions, e.g. — in the rate of medical inflation or the
longevity of injured workers, which can have a significant effect on the
ultimate reserve estimate.

During 2015, this class of business did not experience
significant development in loss reserves. The proactive management of
settlement negotiations and other claims mitigation strategies minimized the
volatility observed during 2015. The nominal reduction in reserves as a result
of commutations and individual claims settlement strategies amounted to $222
million in 2015 compared to $242 million in 2014 and $25 million in 2013.

 140

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES

During 2014, we updated our
analyses of Excess Workers compensation using a range of scenarios and
methodologies and determined that our carried reserves were adequate after
recognizing $20 million of favorable prior year development as a result of
claim settlements and commutations of assumed reinsurance business, as well as
reflecting changes in estimates in our loss mitigation strategies.  We commuted
several large assumed reinsurance agreements in 2014 and reduced the reserves
faster than was previously expected as a result of our proactive management by
the run-off unit.  

During 2013, we updated our analysis of Excess Workers’
Compensation reserves and determined that no changes to our carried reserves
were needed. We also updated our analysis of underlying claims cost drivers
used in 2012 through accident year 2004, discussed in more detail below.

As noted above, we write loss sensitive business within our
primary casualty portfolio. We recognized (return) additional premiums on loss
sensitive business of $(49) million, $105 million and $89 million in 2015, 2014
and 2013, respectively, which entirely offset development in that business.

For the year ended December 31, 2015, we incurred
reinsurance reinstatement premiums of $(4) million, compared to $(2) million
and $27 million for 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

See MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates —
Liability for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses for further discussion
of our loss reserving process.

See Commercial Insurance and Consumer Personal Insurance
Results herein for further discussion of net loss development.

The
following table summarizes development, (favorable) or unfavorable, of

incurred losses and loss
adjustment expenses for prior years, net of reinsurance, by accident year:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Prior accident year development by
 accident year:

 Accident Year

 2014

 $

 397

 $

 -

 $

 -

 2013

 396

 (283)

 -

 2012

 488

 (59)

 (181)

 2011

 296

 37

 217

 2010

 277

 12

 (350)

 2009

 188

 31

 157

 2008

 231

 8

 (1)

 2007

 48

 (113)

 -

 2006

 103

 64

 (75)

 2005

 90

 105

 61

 2004 and prior (see table below)

 1,605

 901

 729

 Total prior year unfavorable development

 $

 4,119

 $

 703

 $

 557

Net
Loss Development by Accident Year

For 2015,
the adverse development in accident years 2011 through 2014 was driven by
significantly greater actual versus expected loss emergence for primary and
excess Auto Liability, Financial Lines and Healthcare.  Individual large
claims in the non-Auto Excess Casualty and International Casualty books along
with deterioration in specific large accounts in the government contractors
workers’ compensation portfolio were concentrated in these most recent accident
years.  The impact of revised loss expectations based on emergence in
earlier accident years also contributed to the adverse development for Excess
Casualty and Financial Lines in this period.  In addition, our updated
assumptions for bad-faith claims and unallocated loss adjustment expenses disproportionately
impacted these years.  Accident years 2005 through 2010 were largely
impacted by updated loss development selections in Financial Lines and revised
estimates on expected future recoveries from risk-sharing policies in the Primary
Casualty portfolio.  For accident years 2004 and prior, the adverse
development was driven by 

 141

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES

Excess Casualty revised
tail factor selections, updated loss development selections for various run-off
portfolios, updated industry experience for asbestos and revised estimates on
expected future recoveries from risk-sharing policies.

For 2014,
the favorable development in accident years 2013 and 2012 was driven by
Financial Lines, Commercial Property and other short tailed lines, like
Personal Lines. For accident year 2007, the favorable development was driven by
U.S. and Canada Financial lines and Excess Casualty.  For accident years 2004
and prior, the adverse development was driven by the Excess Casualty results of
the a mass-tort resegmentation analysis, the updated primary workers’
compensation loss development selections (principally in California, New York
and the excess of deductible segments) as well as the run-off pollution
products business (1987-2004) and the asbestos and environmental (1986 and
prior) exposure. 

For 2013,
the favorable development from accident year 2012 was driven primarily by
consumer lines and lower losses in domestic commercial property, while the
favorable development from accident year 2010 was primarily the result of
favorable claims emergence from domestic excess casualty and from liability and
financial lines coverage policies that are on a claims-made basis. The adverse
development from accident year 2011 was driven by large losses in financial
lines and adverse development in primary casualty, including the loss-sensitive
business.  The adverse development from accident year 2009 was driven by large
losses in financial lines and adverse development in primary casualty including
loss-sensitive business. The adverse development from accident years 2003 and
prior was primarily driven by loss development on toxic tort claims,
construction general liability claims and pollution product claims.

For certain
categories of claims (e.g., construction defect claims and environmental
claims) and for reinsurance recoverable, losses may sometimes be reclassified
to an earlier or later accident year as more information about the date of
occurrence becomes available to AIG. These reclassifications are shown as
development in the respective years in the tables above.

The
following table summarizes development, (favorable) or unfavorable, of incurred
losses and loss adjustment expenses for accident year 2004 and prior by major
class of business and driver of development:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2004 and prior accident year development
 by major class of

 business and driver of development:

 Excess Casualty - primarily mass torts(a)

 $

 388

 $

 301

 $

 -

 Excess Casualty - all other

 104

 53

 251

 Primary Casualty - loss sensitive
 business

 1

 37

 (24)

 Primary Casualty - all other(b)

 362

 196

 102

 Run-off environmental (1987 to 2004)(c)

 74

 97

 214

 Asbestos and Environmental (1986 and
 prior)

 281

 124

 67

 Commutations and Arbitrations(d)

 62

 63

 21

 All Other

 333

 30

 98

 Total prior year unfavorable development

 $

 1,605

 $

 901

 $

 729

(a) Updates of mass tort loss development patterns.

(b) Includes loss development on excess of deductible exposures
in workers’ compensation, general liability and commercial auto.

(c) Includes results of comprehensive specific large claim file
reviews initiated in 2012 and updated in 2013 and 2014.

(d) The effects of commutations are shown separately from the
related classes of business, primarily excess workers’ compensation.
Commutations are reflected for the years in which they were contractually
binding.

The main sources of unfavorable prior year development for
accident years 2004 and prior recorded in 2013 through 2015 are as follows:

•

Update of the mass tort loss development patterns and segmentation used
for U.S. Excess Casualty, which accounted for $689 million and other loss
emergence including specific large loss development totaling $408 million
across the three years; 

•

Loss sensitive business that is entirely offset by premium adjustments
accounted for $14 million;

 142

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES

•

Update of the loss development patterns used for U.S. Primary Casualty
including loss development patterns used in guaranteed cost workers’
compensation for NY and CA construction class of business and updates to the
loss development patterns for business written on excess of deductible
exposures in workers’ compensation, general liability and the commercial auto
classes of business which collectively accounted for approximately $660 million
across the three years; 

•

Update of the Environmental run-off portfolio’s losses following the
2012 comprehensive claims review that provided a more refined approach for the
development of actuarial estimates for toxic tort claims (which were found to
have a distinctly lengthier loss development pattern than other general
liability claims in the environmental portfolio) as well as a more appropriate
methodology for incorporating case reserving based estimates of ultimate loss
costs for complex claims involving environmental remediation and/or from
policies with high policy limits (greater than $5 million per policy). These
updates which commenced in 2012 and have been applied in each subsequent year,
accounted for approximately $385 million; 

•

Update of our net retained asbestos and environmental exposure from 1986
and prior which accounted for approximately $472 million ($238 million
environmental and $234 million asbestos) across the three years;

•

Commutations in the three-year period ending December 31, 2015, accounted
for approximately $146 million.  These commutations serve to reduce the
uncertainty in AIG’s required reserves; and

•

Update of the assumptions for future loss development for the run-off
insurance lines, primarily for coverages we have not written in at least five
years, accounted for approximately $272 million of the All Other total amount
of $461 million across the three years.     

During the period
2013 to 2015, we completed refinements of our reserving methodologies for U.S.
mass tort, toxic tort, retained asbestos, environmental and other specific
large losses. We also conducted extensive additional studies to corroborate our
judgments for our U.S. primary workers compensation and excess workers’
compensation classes of business. Further, we refined our loss reserving
methodologies for our U.S. Excess Casualty class of business and our U.S.
Primary Casualty class of business written over excess of deductible exposures
where loss development patterns may lengthen if client retentions increase over
time. Collectively, the reserves for the aforementioned classes of business or
loss exposures account for the majority of the remaining net loss reserves for
accident years 2004 and prior. 

Asbestos
and Environmental Reserves

Loss
Reserve Estimates - Asbestos and Environmental

We consider a number of factors and recent experience, in
addition to the results of both external and internal analyses, to estimate
asbestos and environmental loss reserves. Nonetheless, we believe that
significant uncertainty remains as to our ultimate liability for asbestos and
environmental claims, which is due to several factors, including:

•

the long latency period between asbestos exposure and disease
manifestation, leading to the potential for involvement of multiple policy
periods for individual claims;

•

claims filed under the non‑aggregate premises or operations
section of general liability policies;

•

the number of insureds seeking bankruptcy protection and the effect of
prepackaged bankruptcies;

•

diverging legal interpretations; and

•

the difficulty in estimating the allocation of remediation cost among
various parties with respect to environmental claims.

In 2015, as in
prior years, both the retained accounts and retroceded accounts ground-up
reviews for asbestos were updated. As a result, we increased gross undiscounted
asbestos incurred losses by $13 million and increased net undiscounted
asbestos incurred losses by $164 million. The net undiscounted change
reflects an increase primarily due to third party assumed reinsurance
exposures. With the gross incurred loss increase less than the net incurred
loss increase, the resulting ceded incurred losses were reduced. For
environmental, we increased gross environmental incurred losses by
$214 million and net environmental incurred losses by $117 million as
a result of top‑down actuarial analyses performed during the year, as
well as development on a large sediment site.

 143

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES

In 2014, both the retained
accounts and retroceded accounts ground-up reviews for asbestos were updated.
As a result, we decreased gross undiscounted asbestos incurred losses by
$6 million and increased net undiscounted asbestos incurred losses by
$64 million. The net undiscounted increase reflects a buyout settlement on
a retained account as well as a reduction in estimated ceded loss reserves
(prior to the retroactive reinsurance retrocession). For environmental, we
increased gross environmental incurred losses by $140 million and net
environmental incurred losses by $60 million as a result of top‑down
actuarial analyses performed during the year as well as development on a number
of large accounts.

In 2013, we completed a ground‑up review of all our
remaining retained accounts for asbestos. In addition, a subsidiary of the
retrocessionaire for our retroactive reinsurance contract completed a ground‑up
asbestos study for the largest accounts it assumed. As a result, we increased
gross asbestos incurred losses by $169 million and net asbestos incurred
losses by $6 million. For environmental, we increased gross environmental
incurred losses by $98 million and net environmental incurred losses by
$61 million as a result of top‑down actuarial analyses performed
during the year as well as development on a number of large accounts.

In addition to the U.S. asbestos and environmental reserve
amounts shown in the tables below, the Non - Life Insurance Companies

also
have asbestos reserves relating to foreign risks written by non‑U.S.
entities of $121 million gross and $93 million net as of December 31, 2015. The
asbestos reserves relating to non‑U.S. risks written by non‑U.S.
entities were $132 million gross and $105 million net as of December 31, 2014.

The following table provides a summary of reserve
activity, including estimates for applicable IBNR, relating to asbestos and
environmental claims:

 As of
 or for the Years Ended December 31,

 2015

 2014

 2013

 (in
 millions)

 Gross

 Net

 Gross

 Net

 Gross

 Net

 Asbestos:

 Liability
 for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses

 at
 beginning of year

 $

 4,117

 $

 388

 $

 4,720

 $

 529

 $

 4,896

 $

 427

 Change in
 net loss reserves due to retroactive reinsurance

 -

 20

 -

 141

 -

 22

 Dispositions

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (12)

 (12)

 Losses and
 loss adjustment expenses incurred:

 Undiscounted

 13

 164

 (6)

 64

 169

 6

 Change in
 discount

 9

 4

 39

 22

 51

 18

 Losses and
 loss adjustment expenses incurred*

 22

 168

 33

 86

 220

 24

 Losses and
 loss adjustment expenses paid*

 (544)

 (130)

 (636)

 (368)

 (444)

 (59)

 Other
 changes

 -

 -

 -

 -

 60

 127

 Liability
 for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses

 at end of
 year

 $

 3,595

 $

 446

 $

 4,117

 $

 388

 $

 4,720

 $

 529

 Environmental:

 Liability
 for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses

 at
 beginning of year

 $

 368

 $

 185

 $

 313

 $

 163

 $

 309

 $

 163

 Dispositions

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (1)

 (1)

 Losses and
 loss adjustment expenses incurred

 214

 117

 140

 60

 98

 61

 Losses and
 loss adjustment expenses paid

 (37)

 (32)

 (85)

 (38)

 (93)

 (60)

 Other
 changes

 -

 6

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Liability
 for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses

 at end of
 year

 $

 545

 $

 276

 $

 368

 $

 185

 $

 313

 $

 163

 Combined:

 Liability
 for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 

 at
 beginning of year

 $

 4,485

 $

 573

 $

 5,033

 $

 692

 $

 5,205

 $

 590

 Change in
 net loss reserves due to retroactive reinsurance

 -

 20

 -

 141

 -

 22

 Dispositions

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (13)

 (13)

 144

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES

 Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred:

 Undiscounted

 227

 281

 134

 124

 267

 67

 Change in
 discount

 9

 4

 39

 22

 51

 18

 Losses and
 loss adjustment expenses incurred

 236

 285

 173

 146

 318

 85

 Losses and
 loss adjustment expenses paid

 (581)

 (162)

 (721)

 (406)

 (537)

 (119)

 Other
 changes

 -

 6

 -

 -

 60

 127

 Liability
 for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses

 at end of
 year

 $

 4,140

 $

 722

 $

 4,485

 $

 573

 $

 5,033

 $

 692

* These amounts
exclude benefit from retroactive reinsurance.

On
June 17, 2011, we completed a transaction under which the bulk of AIG
Property Casualty’s net domestic asbestos liabilities were transferred to
National Indemnity Company (NICO), a subsidiary of Berkshire
Hathaway, Inc. This was part of our ongoing strategy to reduce our overall
loss reserve development risk. This transaction covers potentially volatile
U.S.-related asbestos exposures. It does not, however, cover asbestos accounts
that we believe have already been reserved to their limit of liability or certain
other ancillary asbestos exposure assumed by AIG Property Casualty
subsidiaries.

Upon the
closing of this transaction, but effective as of January 1, 2011, we ceded the
bulk of AIG Property Casualty’s net domestic asbestos liabilities to NICO under
a retroactive reinsurance agreement with an aggregate limit of $3.5 billion.
Within this aggregate limit, NICO assumed collection risk for existing
third-party reinsurance recoverable associated with these liabilities. AIG
Property Casualty paid NICO approximately $1.67 billion as consideration for
this cession and NICO assumed approximately $1.82 billion of net U.S. asbestos
liabilities. As a result of this transaction, AIG Property Casualty recorded a
deferred gain of $150 million in the second quarter of 2011, which is being
amortized into income over the settlement period of the underlying claims.

Under
retroactive reinsurance arrangements any recoveries for development associated
with the ceded losses are not recognized immediately; rather this development
increases or decreases the deferred gain, which is amortized into income as
described above. During 2015, 2014 and 2013, we recognized approximately $233
million, $0 and $72 million, respectively, of adverse loss development that was
ceded under this reinsurance arrangement. This development, which is net of the
deferred gain amortization, is being reported in Other income/expense,
consistent with the way we manage the business and assess performance and is
therefore excluded from net losses incurred and our loss ratios to avoid
distortion of our ongoing insurance business.

IBNR Loss Reserve Estimates — Asbestos and
Environmental

The
following table presents the estimate of the gross and net IBNR included in the
Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, relating to asbestos
and environmental claims:

 December
 31,

 2015

 2014

 2013

 (in
 millions)

 Gross

 Net*

 Gross

 Net*

 Gross

 Net*

 Asbestos

 $

 1,680

 $

 162

 $

 2,363

 $

 79

 $

 3,190

 $

 16

 Environmental

 331

 171

 157

 87

 94

 51

 Combined

 $

 2,011

 $

 333

 $

 2,520

 $

 166

 $

 3,284

 $

 67

*    Net IBNR
includes the reduction due to the NICO reinsurance transaction of $912 million,
$803 million and $1,284 million as of December 31, 2015, 2014
and 2013, respectively. 

 145

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES

Claim
Counts — Asbestos and Environmental

The
following table presents a summary of asbestos and environmental claims count
activity:

 As of or for the Years 

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Ended December 31,

 Asbestos

 Environmental

 Combined

 Asbestos

 Environmental

 Combined

 Asbestos

 Environmental

 Combined

 Claims at beginning of year

 4,049

 1,240

 5,289

 4,680

 1,517

 6,197

 5,230

 1,614

 6,844

 Claims during year:

    Opened

 279

 209

 488

 130

 126

 256

 83

 306

 389

    Settled

 (310)

 (182)

 (492)

 (216)

 (163)

 (379)

 (194)

 (154)

 (348)

    Dismissed or otherwise

       resolved

 (509)

 (350)

 (859)

 (545)

 (240)

 (785)

 (439)

 (249)

 (688)

    Other

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Claims at end of year

 3,509

 917

 4,426

 4,049

 1,240

 5,289

 4,680

 1,517

 6,197

Survival
Ratios — Asbestos and Environmental

The following
table presents AIG’s survival ratios for asbestos and environmental claims at
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. The survival ratio is derived by dividing the
current carried loss reserve by the average payments for the three most recent
calendar years for these claims. Therefore, the survival ratio is a simplistic
measure estimating the number of years it would take before the current ending
loss reserves for these claims would be paid off using recent year average
payments. 

Many factors,
such as aggressive settlement procedures, reinsurance commutations, mix of
business and level of coverage provided, have a significant effect on the
amount of asbestos and environmental reserves and payments and the resulting
survival ratio. Additionally, we primarily base our determination of these
reserves based on ground-up and top-down analyses, and not on survival ratios.
The net Asbestos survival ratio for 2015 was significantly impacted by both the
increase in net loss reserves as a result of our ground-up review, as well as
the by the large ceded reinsurance commutation executed in the fourth quarter
of 2015, the proceeds of which were booked a negative paid loss.

The
following table presents survival ratios for asbestos and environmental claims,
separately and combined, which were based upon a three-year average payment:

 Years Ended December 31,

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Gross

 Net*

 Gross

 Net*

 Gross

 Net*

 Survival ratios:

    Asbestos

 6.6

 15.0

 8.3

 7.6

 10.6

 10.5

    Environmental

 7.6

 6.4

 5.0

 4.3

 4.6

 3.9

    Combined

 6.8

 13.1

 7.9

 7.1

 9.8

 9.4

*    Survival
ratios are calculated consistent with the basis on historical reserve excluding
the effects of the NICO reinsurance transaction.

Life Insurance Companies DAC and Reserves

The following section provides discussion of deferred policy
acquisition costs and insurance reserves for Life Insurance Companies.

Update of Actuarial Assumptions

The
Life Insurance Companies review and update estimated gross profit assumptions
used to amortize DAC and related items for investment-oriented products at
least annually. Estimated gross profit assumptions include net investment
income and spreads, net realized capital gains and losses, fees, surrender
charges, expenses, and mortality gains and losses. If the assumptions used for
estimated gross profits change significantly, DAC and related reserves (which
may include VOBA, SIA, guaranteed benefit reserves and unearned revenue
reserve) are recalculated using the new assumptions, and any resulting 

 146

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies

adjustment is included in income. Updating such
assumptions may result in acceleration of amortization in some products and
deceleration of amortization in other products. 

In
addition to estimated gross profit assumptions, the update of actuarial
assumptions in 2015, 2014 and 2013 included adjustments to reserves for
universal life with secondary guarantees, group benefit claim reserves and loss
recognition for certain long-term care products. The update of assumptions also
included adjustments to the valuation of variable annuity GMWB features that
are accounted for as embedded derivatives. Changes in the fair value of such
embedded derivatives are recorded in net realized capital gains (losses) and,
together with related DAC adjustments, are excluded from pre-tax operating
income.

The net increases (decreases)
to pre-tax operating income and pre-tax income as a result of the update of
actuarial assumptions in 2015, 2014 and 2013 are shown in the following tables.

The following table presents
the increase (decrease) in pre-tax operating income resulting from the update
of actuarial assumptions for the U.S. Life Insurance Companies, by product
line:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Consumer Insurance:

 Retirement

 Fixed Annuities

 $

 92

 $

 196

 $

 306

 Retirement Income Solutions

 -

 4

 (28)

 Group Retirement

 48

 46

 (45)

 Total Retirement

 140

 246

 233

 Life

 (146)

 (119)

 (80)

 Total Consumer Insurance

 (6)

 127

 153

 Commercial Insurance:

 Institutional Markets

 -

 2

 -

 Total increase (decrease) in pre-tax
 operating income from update of assumptions

 (6)

 129

 153

The
following table presents the increase (decrease) in pre-tax income resulting
from the update of actuarial assumptions of the U.S. Life Insurance Companies,
by line item as reported in Results of Operations:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Policy fees

 $

 21

 $

 27

 $

 28

 Interest credited to policyholder account
 balances

 74

 90

 63

 Amortization of deferred policy
 acquisition costs

 79

 181

 129

 Policyholder benefits and losses incurred

 (180)

 (169)

 (67)

 Increase (decrease) in pre-tax operating
 income

 (6)

 129

 153

 Change in DAC related to net realized
 capital gains (losses)

 11

 (12)

 (21)

 Net realized capital gains (losses)

 (2)

 51

 82

 Increase in pre-tax income

 $

 3

 $

 168

 $

 214

In 2015, pre-tax operating income of the Life Insurance
Companies in the aggregate was reduced by $6 million as a result of the update
of actuarial assumptions. This aggregate net adjustment of $6 million included
a net negative adjustment of $146 million in the Life operating segment, which
was offset in large part by net positive adjustments in the Retirement
operating segment of $92 million in Fixed Annuities and $48 million in Group
Retirement. See Update of Actuarial Assumptions by Operating Segment for
additional discussion of the adjustments for each segment.

In 2014, pre-tax operating income of the Life Insurance
Companies in the aggregate was increased by $129 million as a result of the
update of assumptions, primarily due to net positive adjustments related to
investment spread assumptions in the Retirement operating segment from the
update of estimated gross profit assumptions in Fixed Annuities and Group
Retirement, partially offset by loss recognition for certain long-term care
business and additions to reserves for universal life with secondary guarantees
in the Life operating segment.

 147

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies

In 2013, pre-tax operating income of the Life Insurance
Companies in the aggregate increased by a net positive adjustment of $153
million as a result of the update of assumptions, primarily due to a net
positive adjustment in Fixed Annuities, partially offset by net negative
adjustments in Retirement Income Solutions and Group Retirement and a negative
adjustment in Life from the update of mortality assumptions. In Group
Retirement, the negative adjustments were partially offset by an increase in
the assumption for separate account asset long-term growth rates.

Adjustments related to the update of assumptions for the
valuation of variable annuity GMWB features accounted for as embedded
derivatives and measured at fair value, which are primarily in the Retirement
Income Solutions and Group Retirement product lines, are recorded in net
realized capital gains (losses) and excluded from pre-tax operating income. The
update of GMWB valuation assumptions in 2015, which included improved mortality,
lapse and withdrawal assumptions, resulted in a net decrease in the GMWB
liability. After offsets for related adjustments to DAC, this update of GMWB
valuation assumptions resulted in a net increase to 2015 pre-tax income of $9
million.

In 2014, improved mortality, lapse and withdrawal
assumptions for GMWB embedded derivative liabilities resulted in a net increase
to pre-tax income of $39 million, net of DAC. In 2013, the update of GMWB
valuation assumptions resulted in a net increase to pre-tax income of $61
million, net of DAC, primarily due to updated mortality assumptions.

A discussion of the adjustments to reflect the update of
assumptions for the Retirement and Life operating segments follows.

Update of Actuarial Assumptions by Operating Segment

Retirement

The update of
actuarial assumptions resulted in net positive adjustments to pre-tax operating
income of the Retirement operating segment of $140 million, $246 million and
$233 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.

In Fixed
Annuities, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a net
positive adjustment of $92 million in 2015, which reflected refinements to
investment spread assumptions, lower terminations than previously assumed and
decreases to expense assumptions. In 2014, a net positive adjustment of $196
million in Fixed Annuities was primarily due to better spreads than previously
assumed. In 2013, a net positive adjustment of $306 million in the Fixed
Annuities product line was the result of active spread management of crediting
rates and higher future investment yields than those previously assumed. 

In Retirement
Income Solutions, there were offsetting changes to assumed investment fees,
modeled expenses, and terminations resulting in no adjustment to pre-tax
operating income in 2015, compared to a $4 million net positive adjustment in
2014, due to the update of estimated gross profit assumptions. A net negative
adjustment of $28 million in Retirement Income Solutions in 2013 resulted
primarily from the update of variable annuity spreads and surrender rates. Adjustments
related to the update of assumptions for the valuation of variable annuity GMWB
features accounted for as embedded derivatives and measured at fair value,
which primarily relate to the Retirement Income Solutions product line, are
recorded in net realized capital gains (losses) and excluded from pre-tax
operating income. See Update of Actuarial Assumptions above for discussion of
these adjustments.

In Group
Retirement, a net positive adjustment from the update of estimated gross profit
assumptions of $48 million in 2015 was primarily due to revisions to mortality
and surrender assumptions, partially offset by decreased spread assumptions. In
2014, a net positive adjustment of $46 million in Group Retirement was
primarily due to more favorable assumptions for investment spreads and
surrenders than previously assumed. A net negative adjustment of $45 million in
Group Retirement in 2013 resulted primarily from the update of variable annuity
spreads and surrender rates, partially offset by an increase in the assumption
for separate account asset long-term growth rates under our reversion to the
mean methodology. 

Life

The 

net negative adjustment of $146 million related to the
update of actuarial assumptions, which reduced pre-tax operating income of the
Life operating segment in 2015, included additions to reserves for universal
life with secondary guarantees due to lower surrender rates (partially offset
by better mortality than previously assumed), loss recognition expense for
certain long-

 148

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies

term care products primarily due to
updated future premium assumptions, and an additional net negative adjustment
from the update of estimated gross profit assumptions primarily due to lower
investment spread assumptions. These negative adjustments were partially offset
by a decrease in certain Group Benefit claim reserves based on updated experience
data.

A net negative
adjustment of $119 million in the Life operating segment in 2014 was primarily
due to loss recognition expense, as discussed below, and also included
additions to reserves for universal life with secondary guarantees, primarily
due to lower investment spread and mortality assumptions which, while higher
than previously assumed, were still within pricing assumptions. 

A negative
adjustment of $80 million in the Life operating segment in 2013 resulted
primarily from the update of mortality assumptions.

The 

Life operating segment recorded loss recognition expense of
$28 million and $87 million to increase reserves for certain long-term care
business in 2015 and 2014, respectively, which reduced pre-tax operating income
in those periods. Loss recognition expense is included in Other reserve changes
in the rollforward table presented in Life Insurance Companies Reserves. The
Life loss recognition for both periods was primarily a result of lower future
premium increase assumptions and, in 2014, lower yield assumptions. Assumptions
related to investment yields, mortality experience and expenses are reviewed
periodically and updated as appropriate, which could result in additional loss
recognition reserves. While the U.S. Life Insurance Companies do not currently
offer standalone long-term care products, these needs are addressed with various
benefits and riders in the existing portfolio, such as chronic illness riders.

Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefit Features and Hedging Program

Our Retirement
Income Solutions and Group Retirement businesses offer variable annuity
products with riders that provide guaranteed living benefit features, which
include GMWB and GMAB. The liabilities for GMWB and GMAB are accounted for as
embedded derivatives measured at fair value. The fair value of the embedded
derivatives may fluctuate significantly based on market interest rates, equity
prices, credit spreads and market volatility.

In addition to
risk-mitigating features in our variable annuity product design, we have an
economic hedging program designed to manage market risk from GMWB and GMAB, including
exposures to changes in interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads and
volatilities. The hedging program utilizes derivative instruments, including
but not limited to equity options, futures contracts and interest rate swap and
swaption contracts, as well as fixed maturity securities with a fair value
election. See Enterprise Risk Management – Life Insurance Companies Key
Insurance Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging Program for
additional discussion of market risk management related to these product
features.

Impact on Pre-tax Income

Changes in the
fair value of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives, and changes in the fair
value of related derivative hedging instruments, are recorded in Other realized
capital gains (losses). Realized capital gains (losses), as well as net
investment income from changes in the fair value of the fixed maturity
securities used in the variable annuity hedging program, for which the fair
value option has been elected, are excluded from pre-tax operating income of
the Retirement operating segment.

 149

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies

The
following table presents the net increase (decrease) to consolidated pre-tax
income from changes in the fair value of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives
and related hedges:

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 (in
 millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Change in
 fair value of GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives

 $

 63

 $

 (759)

 $

 1,252

 Change in fair
 value of variable annuity hedging portfolio:

 Fixed
 maturity securities

 (43)

 260

 (161)

 Interest
 rate derivative contracts

 343

 742

 (468)

 Equity
 derivative contracts

 (86)

 (230)

 (461)

 Net impact
 on pre-tax income

 $

 277

 $

 13

 $

 162

The effect of the changes in the fair value of the GMWB and
GMAB embedded derivatives and the related hedging portfolio had a net positive
impact on consolidated pre-tax income in 2015, 2014 and 2013.  The change in
the fair value of the embedded derivatives and the change in the value of the
hedging portfolio are not expected to be fully offsetting, primarily due to
differences between the U.S. GAAP valuation of the embedded derivatives and the
economic hedge target, which include a non-performance or “own credit” spread
adjustment (NPA) to the rate used to discount projected benefit cash flows.
When corporate credit spreads widen, as they did in 2015, the change in the NPA
generally reduces the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities,
resulting in a gain, and when corporate credit spreads narrow or tighten, the
change in the NPA generally increases the fair value of the embedded derivative
liabilities, resulting in a loss. See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional discussion of the fair value measurement of the
embedded derivatives under U.S. GAAP and the estimation of the NPA, and see
Differences in Valuation of Embedded Derivatives and Economic Hedge Target,
below.

In 2015, there was a slight gain from a decline in the fair
value of the embedded derivative liabilities, as losses from the decrease in
market interest rates were more than offset by gains from a higher NPA, related
to widening corporate credit spreads. The losses from the decrease in market
interest rates in 2015 were largely offset by interest rate hedges. In 2014,
the decrease in market interest rates resulted in losses from a significant
increase in the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities, which was
only partially offset by higher equity markets.  Since the change in NPA was
relatively small in 2014, the loss on the embedded derivatives was primarily
offset by hedging. In 2013, there was a significant decline in the embedded
derivative liabilities, driven by both higher interest rates and higher equity
markets, which was only partially offset by a decline in NPA from spread
tightening. The embedded derivative gains due to higher interest rates were
offset by interest rate hedging to a lesser extent in 2013, as we had not
elected to fully hedge interest rate risk until the second half of 2014.

These changes in the fair value of the embedded derivatives
were offset in part by the following changes in the fair value of the variable
annuity hedging portfolio:

•

Changes in the
fair value of fixed maturity securities, for which the fair value option has
been elected, that are used as a capital-efficient way to economically hedge
interest rate risk. In 2012, we began to use U.S. Treasury bonds in this
hedging program to reduce our interest rate risk exposure over time. Effective
June 30, 2015, we discontinued the U.S. Treasury bond interest rate hedging
program and initiated a corporate bond hedging program, which is intended to
provide the same capital efficiency as the previous U.S. Treasury bond hedging
program. The 2015 losses from the change in the fair value of fixed maturity
securities were primarily due to the impact on the U.S. Treasury position in the
first half of the year from increasing market interest rates.  The gains in
2014 and losses in 2013 from the change in the fair value of the fixed
maturities securities were due to market interest rates, which decreased in
2014 and increased 2013. 

•

Changes in the
fair value of interest rate derivative contracts, which included swaps,
swaptions, futures and options, resulted in gains in 2015 and 2014 due to
decreasing market interest rates, and losses in 2013 driven by increasing
interest rates. Prior to 2014, we had elected to only partially hedge GMWB and
GMAB interest rate risk.

•

Losses from the
change in the fair value of equity derivative contracts, which included futures
and options, were relatively smaller in 2015 compared to 2014 and 2013, due to
higher equity market returns in those years.

 150

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies

Differences
in Valuation of Embedded Derivatives and Economic Hedge Target

The variable annuity hedging program utilizes an economic
hedge target, which represents an estimate of the underlying economic drivers
of the embedded derivatives. The economic hedge target differs from the U.S.
GAAP valuation of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives due to the following:

•

Rider fees are 100 percent included in
the economic hedge target present value calculations;

 the U.S. GAAP
valuation reflects those collected fees attributed to the embedded derivative
 such that the initial value at contract issue equals zero;

•

Actuarial assumptions for U.S. GAAP are
adjusted to remove explicit risk margins, including margins for policyholder
behavior and fund basis risk, and use best estimate assumptions for the
economic hedge target; and

•

Non-performance adjustment (NPA or “own
credit” risk) is excluded from the discount rates used for the economic hedge
target.

The market value of the hedge portfolio compared to the
economic hedge target at any point in time may be different and is not expected
to be fully offsetting. In addition to the derivatives held in conjunction with
the variable annuity hedging program, the Life Insurance Companies have cash
and invested assets available to cover future claims payable under these
guarantees.  The primary sources of difference between the change in the fair
value of the hedging portfolio and the economic hedge target include:

•

Basis risk due to the variance between
expected and actual fund returns, which may be either positive or negative;

•

Realized volatility versus implied
volatility; 

•

Actual versus expected changes in the
hedge target related to items not subject to hedging, particularly policyholder
behavior; and

•

Risk exposures that we have elected not
to explicitly or fully hedge, which in 2014 and 2013 included a portion of the
interest rate risk.

DAC

The following table summarizes the major
components of the changes in Life Insurance Companies DAC, including VOBA:

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 (in
 millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Balance, beginning
 of year

 $

 7,258

 $

 6,920

 $

 5,815

 Acquisition
 costs deferred

 1,288

 1,114

 1,034

 Amortization
 expense:

 Update of
 assumptions included in pre-tax operating income

 79

 183

 129

 Related to
 realized capital gains and losses

 (1)

 (23)

 (23)

 All other
 operating amortization

 (994)

 (887)

 (780)

 Increase
 (decrease) in DAC due to foreign exchange

 (34)

 (32)

 (39)

 Other
 change in DAC

 23

 343

 -

 Change
 related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments

 848

 (360)

 784

 Balance,
 end of year*

 $

 8,467

 $

 7,258

 $

 6,920

* DAC balance excluding the amount
related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments was $9.1
billion, $8.7 billion, and $8.0 billion at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, 

respectively

.

The net adjustments to DAC
amortization from the update of actuarial assumptions for estimated gross
profits in 2015 and 2014, including those reported within change in DAC related
to net realized capital gains (losses), represented one percent and two percent
of the DAC balance excluding the amount related to unrealized depreciation
(appreciation) of investments as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

 151

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies

Reversion to the Mean

In 2013, we revised the growth rate assumptions for the
five-year reversion to the mean period for the Group Retirement product line in
our Retirement segment, because annual growth assumptions indicated for that
period had fallen below our floor of zero percent due to the favorable
performance of equity markets. This adjustment increased Retirement pre-tax
operating income by $35 million in 2013. For variable annuities in the
Retirement Income Solutions product line, the assumed annual growth rate has
remained above zero percent for the five-year reversion to the mean period and
therefore has not met the criteria for adjustment in 2015, 2014 or 2013;
however, additional favorable equity market performance in excess of long-term
assumptions could result in unlocking in this product line in the future, with
a positive effect on pre-tax income in the period of the unlocking. See
Critical Accounting Estimates – Estimated Gross Profits for Investment-Oriented
Products (Life Insurance Companies) for additional discussion of assumptions
related to our reversion to the mean methodology.

DAC and Reserves Related to Unrealized Appreciation of
Investments

DAC for universal life and investment-type products
(collectively, investment-oriented products) is adjusted at each balance sheet
date to reflect the change in DAC as if fixed maturity and equity securities
available for sale had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the
proceeds reinvested at current yields (shadow DAC). The change in shadow DAC
generally moves in the opposite direction of the change in unrealized
appreciation of the available for sale securities portfolio. In addition,
significant unrealized appreciation of investments in a prolonged low interest
rate environment may cause additional future policy benefit liabilities to be
recorded (shadow loss reserves). Market interest rates increased as a result of
widening spreads in 2015. As a result, the Life Insurance Companies’ unrealized
appreciation of investments at December 31, 2015 decreased by $7.4 billion
compared to December 31, 2014, which resulted in an increase in shadow DAC and
a decrease in shadow loss reserves. Shadow loss reserves decreased to $18
million at December 31, 2015 compared to $1.2 billion at December 31, 2014.

Life Insurance
Companies Reserves

The
following table presents a rollforward of Life Insurance Companies’ insurance
reserves, including separate accounts and mutual fund assets under management,
by operating segment:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Institutional Markets:

 Balance at beginning of year, gross

 $

 35,080

 $

 32,100

 $

 32,242

 Premiums and deposits

 1,782

 3,797

 991

 Surrenders and withdrawals

 (674)

 (766)

 (2,620)

 Death and other contract benefits

 (1,628)

 (1,530)

 (1,371)

 Subtotal

 (520)

 1,501

 (3,000)

 Change in fair value of underlying assets
 and reserve accretion, net of

 policy fees

 982

 1,130

 1,156

 Cost of funds

 408

 410

 413

 Other reserve changes

 (127)

 (61)

 1,289

 Balance at end of year

 35,823

 35,080

 32,100

 Reserves related to unrealized
 appreciation of investments

 -

 1,054

 -

 Reinsurance ceded

 (5)

 (5)

 (5)

 Total insurance reserves

 $

 35,818

 $

 36,129

 $

 32,095

 Retirement:

 Balance at beginning of year, gross

 $

 204,627

 $

 195,493

 $

 173,281

 Premiums and deposits

 25,297

 24,077

 23,788

 Surrenders and withdrawals

 (18,251)

 (20,504)

 (16,459)

 Death and other contract benefits

 (3,894)

 (3,690)

 (3,353)

 Subtotal

 3,152

 (117)

 3,976

 152

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies

 Change in fair value of underlying assets
 and reserve accretion, net of

 policy fees

 (2,255)

 6,390

 14,482

 Cost of funds

 2,724

 2,781

 2,837

 Other reserve changes

 85

 80

 917

 Balance at end of year

 208,333

 204,627

 195,493

 Reserves related to unrealized
 appreciation of investments 

 -

 100

 -

 Reinsurance ceded

 (361)

 (353)

 (366)

 Total insurance reserves and mutual fund
 assets under management

 $

 207,972

 $

 204,374

 $

 195,127

 Life:

 Balance at beginning of year, gross

 $

 33,536

 $

 32,810

 $

 32,176

 Premiums and deposits

 4,974

 4,806

 4,862

 Surrenders and withdrawals

 (759)

 (853)

 (896)

 Death and other contract benefits

 (954)

 (812)

 (772)

 Subtotal

 3,261

 3,141

 3,194

 Change in fair value of underlying assets
 and reserve accretion, net of

 policy fees

 (802)

 (691)

 (673)

 Cost of funds

 493

 507

 541

 Other reserve changes

 (2,318)

 (2,231)

 (2,428)

 Balance at end of year

 34,170

 33,536

 32,810

 Reserves related to unrealized
 appreciation of investments 

 -

 -

 -

 Reinsurance ceded

 (1,395)

 (1,315)

 (1,354)

 Total insurance reserves

 $

 32,775

 $

 32,221

 $

 31,456

 Total Life Insurance Companies:

 Balance at beginning of year, gross

 $

 273,243

 $

 260,403

 $

 237,699

 Premiums and deposits

 32,053

 32,680

 29,641

 Surrenders and withdrawals

 (19,684)

 (22,123)

 (19,975)

 Death and other contract benefits

 (6,476)

 (6,032)

 (5,496)

 Subtotal

 5,893

 4,525

 4,170

 Change in fair value of underlying assets
 and reserve accretion, net of

 policy fees

 (2,075)

 6,829

 14,965

 Cost of funds

 3,625

 3,698

 3,791

 Other reserve changes

 (2,360)

 (2,212)

 (222)

 Balance at end of year

 278,326

 273,243

 260,403

 Reserves related to unrealized
 appreciation of investments

 -

 1,154

 -

 Reinsurance ceded

 (1,761)

 (1,673)

 (1,725)

 Total insurance reserves and mutual fund
 assets under management

 $

 276,565

 $

 272,724

 $

 258,678

Life
Insurance Companies insurance reserves including separate accounts and mutual
fund assets under management were comprised of the following balances:

 At December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 Future policy benefits*

 $

 41,562

 $

 40,931

 Policyholder contract deposits

 127,704

 124,716

 Separate account liabilities

 79,564

 80,025

 Total insurance reserves

 248,830

 245,672

 Mutual fund assets under management

 27,735

 27,052

 Total insurance reserves and mutual fund
 assets under management

 $

 276,565

 $

 272,724

* Excludes certain
intercompany assumed reinsurance.

 153

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES

 Liquidity and Capital Resources

Overview

Liquidity

 refers to the ability to generate
sufficient cash resources to meet our payment obligations.  It is defined as
cash and unencumbered assets that can be monetized in a short period of time at
a reasonable cost.  We manage our liquidity prudently through various risk
committees, policies and procedures, and a stress testing and liquidity risk
framework established by Enterprise Risk Management (ERM). Our liquidity risk
framework is designed to manage liquidity at both AIG Parent and subsidiaries to
meet our financial obligations over a twelve-month period under a liquidity
stress scenario. See Enterprise Risk Management — Risk Appetite, Limits,
Identification, and Measurement and Enterprise Risk Management — Liquidity Risk
Management below for additional information.

Capital

 refers to the long-term financial resources
available to support the operation of our businesses, fund business growth, and
cover financial and operational needs that arise from adverse circumstances.
Our primary source of ongoing capital generation is the profitability of our
insurance subsidiaries. We must comply with numerous constraints on our minimum
capital positions. These constraints drive the requirements for capital
adequacy for both AIG and the individual businesses and are based on
internally-defined risk tolerances, regulatory requirements, rating agency and
creditor expectations and business needs. Actual capital levels are monitored
on a regular basis, and using ERM’s stress testing methodology, we evaluate the
capital impact of potential macroeconomic, financial and insurance stresses in
relation to the relevant capital constraints of both AIG and our insurance
subsidiaries. 

We believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital
resources to satisfy future requirements and meet our obligations to
policyholders, customers, creditors and debt-holders, including those arising
from reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events.

Nevertheless, some circumstances may cause our cash or
capital needs to exceed projected liquidity or readily deployable capital
resources as was the case in 2008. Additional collateral calls, deterioration
in investment portfolios or reserve strengthening affecting statutory surplus,
higher surrenders of annuities and other policies, downgrades in credit
ratings, or catastrophic losses may result in significant additional cash or
capital needs and loss of sources of liquidity and capital. In addition,
regulatory and other legal restrictions could limit our ability to transfer
funds freely, either to or from our subsidiaries.

Depending on market conditions, regulatory and rating
agency considerations and other factors, we may take various liability and
capital management actions. Liability management actions may include, but are
not limited to, repurchasing or redeeming outstanding debt, issuing new debt or
engaging in debt exchange offers. Capital management actions may include, but
are not limited to, paying dividends to our shareholders and share
repurchases.  

 154

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES

 Liquidity and Capital Resources Activity
 for 2015

 Sources

•

AIG
 Parent Funding from Subsidiaries

During 2015, AIG Parent
 received $7.8 billion(a) in dividends and loan repayments from
 subsidiaries.  Of this amount, $3.2 billion was dividends in the form of cash
 and fixed maturity securities from our Non-Life Insurance Companies and $4.6
 billion
(a) was dividends and loan repayments in the form of cash
 and fixed maturity securities from our Life Insurance Companies. The $7.8
 billion in dividends and loan repayments included $2.8 billion of
 dividends that were declared during the fourth quarter of 2014. 

AIG
 Parent also received a net amount of $1.4 billion(a) in tax
 sharing payments from our insurance businesses in 2015, reflecting $102
 million
(a) that was reimbursed from AIG Parent to our insurance
 businesses during the fourth quarter of 2015 as a result of adjustments made
 to prior-year tax sharing payments.  The tax sharing payments may continue to
 be subject to adjustment in future periods.

·

Debt Issuances

In January 2015, we issued $1.2 billion aggregate
 principal amount of 3.875% Notes due 2035 and $800 million aggregate
 principal amount of 4.375% Notes due 2055.

In March 2015, we issued $350 million aggregate principal
 amount of 4.35% Callable Notes due 2045.

In July 2015, we issued $1.25 billion aggregate principal
 amount of 3.750% Notes due 2025, $500 million aggregate principal amount of
 4.700% Notes due 2035 and $750 million aggregate principal amount of 4.800%
 Notes due 2045. In addition, in July 2015, we issued $290 million aggregate
 principal amount of 4.90% Callable Notes due 2045. 

In September 2015, we issued $420 million aggregate
 principal amount of 4.90% Callable Notes due 2045.

·

PICC P&C and Springleaf

In April 2015, AIG Parent received gross proceeds of
 approximately $500 million from our sale of 256 million ordinary H
 shares of PICC P&C by means of a placement to certain institutional investors.

In May 2015, AIG Parent received net proceeds of
 approximately $410 million from the sale of approximately 8.4 million shares
 of common stock of Springleaf.

In December 2015, AIG Parent received gross proceeds of
 approximately $381 million from our sale of 184 million ordinary H
 shares of PICC P&C by means of a placement to certain institutional
 investors. 

·

AerCap 

In June 2015, AIG Parent received net proceeds of
 approximately $3.7 billion from the sale of approximately 86.9 million
 ordinary shares of AerCap by means of an underwritten public offering of
 approximately 71.2 million ordinary shares and a private sale of
 approximately 15.7 million ordinary shares to AerCap.

In August 2015, AIG Parent received net proceeds of
 approximately $500 million from the sale of our remaining approximately
 10.7 million ordinary shares of AerCap by means of an underwritten
 public offering.

 155

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES

 Uses(b)

•

Debt Reduction

In
 March 2015, we repurchased, through cash tender offers, approximately $1.0
 billion aggregate principal amount of certain senior notes issued or
 guaranteed by AIG for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $1.1
 billion.  

In
 April 2015, we repurchased, through cash tender offers, (i) approximately $22
 million aggregate principal amount of certain senior notes issued or
 guaranteed by AIG for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $24
 million, and (ii) approximately $915 million aggregate principal amount of
 certain junior subordinated debentures issued or guaranteed by AIG for an
 aggregate purchase price of approximately $1.25 billion.

In
 July 2015, we repurchased, through cash tender offers, (i) approximately $142
 million aggregate principal amount of certain senior notes issued by AIG for
 an aggregate purchase price of approximately $153 million, and (ii)
 approximately $3.3 billion aggregate principal amount of certain senior notes
 and junior subordinated notes issued or guaranteed by AIG for an aggregate
 purchase price of approximately $3.6 billion.

We also made other
 repurchases and repayments of approximately $4.6 billion during 2015.
 AIG Parent made interest payments on our debt instruments totaling $1.0
 billion during 2015.

•

Dividend 

We paid a cash dividend of $0.125 per share on AIG Common Stock during
 each of the first and second quarters of 2015, and a cash dividend of $0.28
 per share during each of the third and fourth quarters of 2015.

•

Repurchase of Common Stock(c)

We
 repurchased approximately 182 million shares of AIG Common Stock during 2015,
 for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $10.7 billion. The total
 number of shares of AIG Common Stock repurchased in 2015 includes (but the
 aggregate purchase price does not include) approximately 3.5 million shares
 of AIG Common Stock received in January 2015 upon the settlement of an ASR
 agreement executed in the fourth quarter of 2014.

•

PICC P&C

During
 2015, AIG Parent purchased 440 million ordinary H shares of PICC P&C from
 our Non-Life Insurance Companies for approximately $864 million.

(a) Presented net of $818 million of tax payments to the Life
Insurance Companies, which were returned in the form of dividends.

(b) In January 2016, AIG Parent made a capital contribution of
approximately $2.9 billion to our Non-Life Insurance Companies.

(c)  Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans,
from January 1 to February 11, 2016, we have repurchased approximately $2.5
billion of additional shares of AIG Common Stock. As of February 11, 2016,
approximately $5.8 billion remained under our share repurchase authorization. 

Analysis of Sources and Uses of Cash 

The following table presents selected data from AIG's
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 (in
 millions)

 2015

 2014
*

 2013

 Sources:

 Net cash
 provided by operating activities

 $

 2,877

 $

 5,007

 $

 5,865

 Net cash
 provided by changes in restricted cash  

 1,457

 -

 1,244

 Net cash
 provided by other investing activities

 7,005

 15,731

 5,855

 Changes in
 policyholder contract balances

 2,410

 1,719

 -

 Issuance of
 long-term debt

 6,867

 6,687

 5,235

 Total
 sources

 20,616

 29,144

 18,199

 156

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES

 Uses:  

 Change in
 restricted cash

 -

 (1,447)

 -

 Change in
 policyholder contract balances

 -

 -

 (547)

 Repayments
 of long-term debt

 (9,805)

 (16,160)

 (14,197)

 Purchases
 of AIG Common Stock

 (10,691)

 (4,902)

 (597)

 Net cash
 used in other financing activities

 (210)

 (7,132)

 (1,652)

 Total uses

 (20,706)

 (29,641)

 (16,993)

 Effect of
 exchange rate changes on cash

 (39)

 (74)

 (92)

 Increase
 (decrease) in cash

 $

 (129)

 $

 (571)

 $

 1,114

*    For 2014, cash decreased by $162 million due to
reclassification of $289 million to restricted cash presented in Other assets, partially
offset by a $127 million reclassification from Short-term investments, to
correct prior period presentation.

The
following table presents a summary of AIG’s Consolidated Statement of Cash
Flows:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Summary:

    Net cash provided by operating
 activities

 $

 2,877

 $

 5,007

 $

 5,865

    Net cash provided by investing
 activities

 8,462

 14,284

 7,099

    Net cash used in financing activities

 (11,429)

 (19,788)

 (11,758)

    Effect of exchange rate changes on
 cash

 (39)

 (74)

 (92)

 Increase (decrease) in cash

 (129)

 (571)

 1,114

 Cash at beginning of year

 1,758

 2,241

 1,151

 Change in cash of businesses held for
 sale

 -

 88

 (24)

 Cash at end of year

 $

 1,629

 $

 1,758

 $

 2,241

Operating Cash Flow Activities

Insurance companies generally
receive most premiums in advance of the payment of claims or policy
benefits. The ability of insurance companies to generate positive cash
flow is affected by the frequency and severity of losses under their insurance
policies, policy retention rates and operating expenses.

Interest payments totaled $1.4
billion in 2015, compared to $3.4 billion in 2014 and $3.9 billion in 2013.
 Excluding interest payments, AIG generated positive operating cash flow
of $4.2 billion, $8.3 billion and $9.7 billion in 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively.

Cash provided by operating
activities of our Non-Life Insurance Companies was $1.0 billion in 2015,
compared to $0.9 billion in 2014 and $0.4 billion in 2013. The increase in 2014
compared to 2013 was primarily due to the timing of the payments related to
catastrophe losses for 2013.

Cash provided by operating
activities of our Life Insurance Companies was $3.8 billion in 2015, compared
to $4.4 billion in 2014 and $4.3 billion in 2013. The decline in 2015 compared
to 2014 was primarily due to a greater increase in other assets and
liabilities, net.

Cash provided by operating
activities of businesses held for sale was $2.9 billion for 2013.

 157

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES

Investing Cash Flow Activities

Net cash provided by
investing activities in 2015 included:

•

approximately $1.8 billion of cash collateral received in connection
with our Life Insurance Companies’ securities lending program; and

•

approximately
$4.2 billion of net cash proceeds from the sale of ordinary shares of AerCap.

Net cash provided by
investing activities in 2014 included:

•

a reduction in net investment purchase activity; and 

•

approximately $2.4 billion of net cash proceeds from the sale of ILFC.

Net cash
provided by investing activities for 2013 included an increase in net
investment purchase activity. 

Financing Cash Flow Activities

Net cash used in financing
activities in 2015 included:

•

approximately $1.0 billion in the aggregate to pay a dividend of $0.125
per share on AIG Common Stock in each of the first and second quarters of 2015
and $0.28 per share on AIG Common Stock in each of the third and fourth
quarters of 2015;

•

approximately $10.7 billion to repurchase approximately 182 million
shares of AIG Common Stock; and

•

approximately $9.9 billion to repay long-term debt.

These items were partially
offset by approximately $6.9 billion in proceeds from the issuance of long-term
debt.

Net cash used in financing
activities for 2014 included:

•

approximately $712 million in the aggregate to pay dividends of $0.125
per share on AIG Common Stock in each of the four quarters of 2014;

•

approximately $4.9 billion to repurchase approximately 88 million shares
of AIG Common Stock; 

•

approximately $271 million to repay long-term debt of business
held-for-sale; and

•

approximately $16.2 billion to repay long-term debt.

Net cash used in financing
activities for 2013 included:

•

approximately $294 million in the aggregate to pay dividends of $0.10
per share on AIG Common Stock in each of the third and fourth quarters of 2013;

•

approximately $597 million to repurchase approximately 12 million
shares of AIG Common Stock;

•

approximately $9.3 billion to repay long term debt; and

approximately $4.9 billion in repayments
of long term debt of business held-for-sale.

 158

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES

Liquidity and Capital
Resources of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries

AIG Parent

As of December 31, 2015, AIG Parent had approximately
$13.7 billion in liquidity sources. AIG Parent’s liquidity sources are
primarily held in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly traded,
investment grade rated fixed maturity securities. Fixed maturity securities
primarily include U.S. government and government sponsored entity securities,
U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, corporate and municipal bonds and
certain other highly rated securities. AIG Parent actively manages its assets
and liabilities in terms of products, counterparties and duration. Based upon
an assessment of funding needs, the liquidity sources can be readily monetized
through sales, repurchase agreements or contributed as admitted assets to
regulated insurance companies. AIG Parent liquidity is monitored through the
use of various internal liquidity risk measures. AIG Parent’s primary sources
of liquidity are dividends, distributions, loans and other payments from
subsidiaries and credit facilities.  AIG Parent’s primary uses of liquidity are
for debt service, capital and liability management, operating expenses and
subsidiary capital needs.

We generally manage capital flows between AIG Parent and
its subsidiaries through internal, Board‑approved policies and standards.
In addition, AIG Parent has unconditional capital maintenance agreements (CMAs)
in place with certain subsidiaries. Nevertheless, regulatory and other legal
restrictions could limit our ability to transfer capital freely, either to or
from our subsidiaries.

We believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital
resources to satisfy our reasonably foreseeable future requirements and meet
our obligations to our creditors, debt-holders and insurance company
subsidiaries. We expect to access the debt markets from time to time to meet
funding requirements as needed. 

We utilize our capital resources to support our businesses,
with the majority of capital allocated to our insurance operations. Should we
have or generate more capital than is needed to support our business strategies
(including organic growth or acquisition opportunities) or mitigate risks
inherent to our business, we may develop plans to distribute such capital to
shareholders via dividends or share repurchase authorizations or deploy such
capital towards liability management.

In the normal course, it is expected that a portion of the
capital released by our insurance operations or through the utilization of
AIG’s deferred tax assets may be available for distribution to shareholders.
Additionally, it is expected that capital associated with businesses or
investments that do not directly support our insurance operations may be
available for distribution to shareholders or deployment towards liability
management upon its monetization. 

In developing plans to distribute capital, AIG considers a
number of factors, including, but not limited to: the capital resources
available to support our insurance operations and business strategies, AIG’s
funding capacity and capital resources in comparison to internal benchmarks,
expectations for capital generation, rating agency expectations for capital, as
well as regulatory standards for capital and capital distributions.

In January 2016, AIG Parent made a capital contribution of
approximately $2.9 billion to our Non-Life Insurance Companies as a result of
our fourth quarter reserve strengthening.

The following table presents AIG Parent's liquidity
sources:

 As of 

 As
 of 

 (In millions)

 December 31, 2015

 December
 31, 2014

 Cash and short-term investments(a)

 $

 3,497

 $

 5,085

 Unencumbered fixed maturity securities(b)

 5,723

 4,727

 Total AIG Parent liquidity

 9,220

 9,812

 Available capacity under syndicated
 credit facility(c)

 4,500

 4,000

 Available capacity under contingent
 liquidity facility(d)

 -

 500

 Total AIG Parent liquidity sources

 $

 13,720

 $

 14,312

 159

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES

(a) Cash and short-term investments include reverse
repurchase agreements totaling $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion as of 

December 31, 2015

 and 2014,
respectively. 

(b) Unencumbered
securities consist of publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity
securities. Fixed maturity securities primarily include U.S. government and
government sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities,
corporate and municipal bonds and certain other highly rated securities.

(c)  For
additional information relating to this syndicated credit facility, see Credit
Facilities below.

(d) The contingent
liquidity facility expired by its terms on December 15, 2015.  For additional
information relating to the contingent liquidity facility, see Contingent
Liquidity Facilities below.

Non-Life Insurance Companies

We expect that our Non-Life Insurance Companies will be
able to continue to satisfy reasonably foreseeable future liquidity
requirements and meet their obligations, including those arising from
reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events, through cash from operations
and, to the extent necessary, monetization of invested assets. Our Non-Life
Insurance Companies’ liquidity resources are primarily held in the form of
cash, short-term investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed
maturity securities. 

Each of our Non-Life Insurance Companies’ liquidity is
monitored through the use of various internal liquidity risk measures. 
The primary sources of liquidity are premiums, fees, reinsurance recoverables
and investment income.

The primary uses of
liquidity are paid losses, reinsurance payments, dividends, expenses,
investments and collateral requirements.

Our Non-Life Insurance Companies may require additional
funding to meet capital or liquidity needs under certain circumstances.  Large
catastrophes may require us to provide additional support to our affected
operations. Downgrades in our credit ratings could put pressure on the insurer
financial strength ratings of our subsidiaries, which could result in non‑renewals
or cancellations by policyholders and adversely affect the subsidiary’s ability
to meet its own obligations. Increases in market interest rates may adversely
affect the financial strength ratings of our subsidiaries, as rating agency
capital models may reduce the amount of available capital relative to required
capital. Other potential events that could cause a liquidity strain include an
economic collapse of a nation or region significant to our operations,
nationalization, catastrophic terrorist acts, pandemics or other events causing
economic or political upheaval.

Certain Non-Life Insurance Companies are members of the
Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs) in their respective districts. Borrowings from
the FHLBs may be used to supplement liquidity. As of December 31, 2015 and
2014, none of our Non-Life Insurance Companies had FHLB borrowings outstanding.

In April 2015, AIG Parent and Ascot Corporate Name Limited
(ACNL), a Non-Life Insurance Company, entered into a new $725 million letter of
credit facility, which replaced the prior $625 million letter of credit
facility. ACNL, as a member of the Lloyd’s of London insurance syndicate
(Lloyd’s), is required to hold capital at Lloyd’s, known as Funds at Lloyds
(FAL). Under the new facility, the entire FAL capital requirement of $625
million as of December 31, 2015, which supports the 2015, 2016 and 2017 years
of account, was satisfied with a letter of credit in that amount issued under
the facility.

AIG generally manages capital between AIG Parent and our
Non-Life Insurance Companies through internal, Board-approved policies and
guidelines.  In addition, AIG Parent is party to a CMA with its Mortgage
Guaranty insurance company. Among other things, the CMA provides that AIG Parent
will maintain capital and surplus of the Mortgage Guaranty insurance company at
or above a specified minimum required capital based on a specified
risk-to-capital ratio. In addition, the CMA provides that if capital and
surplus of the Mortgage Guaranty insurance company is in excess of that same
specified minimum required capital, subject to its board approval and
compliance with applicable insurance laws, the Mortgage Guaranty insurance
company would declare and pay ordinary dividends to its equity holders up to an
amount necessary to reduce projected or actual capital and surplus to a level
equal to or not materially greater than such specified minimum required
capital. As structured, the CMA contemplates that the specified minimum
required capital would be reviewed and agreed upon at least annually. As of
December 31, 2015, the minimum required capital for the CMA with the Mortgage
Guaranty insurance company is based on a risk-to-capital ratio of 19 to 1. 

In 2015, our Non-Life Insurance Companies paid approximately
$3.2 billion in dividends in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities to
AIG Parent, of which $600 million represented the remainder of dividends that
were declared by our Non-Life 

 160

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES

Insurance Companies in
the fourth quarter of 2014. The fixed maturity securities primarily include
U.S. government and government sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency
mortgage-backed securities, corporate and municipal bonds and certain other
highly rated securities. 

Life Insurance Companies

We expect that our Life Insurance Companies will be able
to continue to satisfy reasonably foreseeable future liquidity requirements and
meet their obligations, including those arising from reasonably foreseeable
contingencies or events, through cash from operations and, to the extent
necessary, monetization of invested assets. Our Life Insurance Companies’
liquidity sources are primarily held in the form of cash, short-term
investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity
securities. 

Each of our Life Insurance Companies’ liquidity is
monitored through the use of various internal liquidity risk measures.  The
primary sources of liquidity are premiums, fees, reinsurance recoverables and
investment income. The primary uses of liquidity are benefit claims, interest
payments, surrenders, withdrawals, dividends, expenses, investments and
collateral requirements.

Management believes that because of the size and liquidity
of our Life Insurance Companies’ investment portfolios, normal deviations from
projected claim or surrender experience would not create significant liquidity
risk. However, as we saw in 2008, in times of extreme capital markets
disruption, liquidity needs could outpace resources.

Furthermore,
our Life Insurance Companies’ products contain certain features that mitigate
surrender risk, including surrender charges. As part of their risk management
framework, our Life Insurance Companies continue to evaluate and, where
appropriate, pursue strategies and programs to improve their liquidity position
and facilitate their ability to maintain a fully invested asset portfolio. 

Certain of our U.S. Life Insurance Companies are members
of the FHLBs in their respective districts. Borrowings from the FHLBs are used
to supplement liquidity or for other uses deemed appropriate by management. Our
U.S. Life Insurance Companies had outstanding borrowings from the FHLBs in an
aggregate amount of $2 million and $44 million as of December 31, 2015 and
2014, respectively. 

Certain of our U.S. Life Insurance Companies have
programs, which began in 2012, that lend securities from their investment
portfolio to supplement liquidity or for other uses as deemed appropriate by
management. Under these programs, these U.S. Life Insurance Companies lend
securities to financial institutions and receive cash as collateral equal to
102 percent of the fair value of the loaned securities. Cash collateral
received is invested in short-term investments. Additionally, the aggregate
amount of securities that a Life Insurance Company is able to lend under its
program at any time is limited to five percent of its general account
statutory-basis admitted assets. At December 31, 2015, our U.S. Life Insurance
Companies had $1.1 billion of securities subject to these agreements and $1.1
billion of liabilities to borrowers for collateral received. Our U.S. Life
Insurance Companies had no securities subject to lending agreements and no
collateral liability at December 31, 2014.

AIG generally manages capital between AIG Parent and our
Life Insurance Companies through internal, Board-approved policies and
guidelines.  In addition, AIG Parent is party to a CMA with AGC Life Insurance
Company. Among other things, the CMA provides that AIG Parent will maintain the
total adjusted capital of AGC Life Insurance Company at or above a specified
minimum percentage of its projected NAIC Company Action Level Risk-Based
Capital (RBC). As of December 31, 2015, the specified minimum percentage under
this CMA was 250 percent.

In 2015, our U.S. Life Insurance Companies paid
approximately $4.6 billion to AIG Parent, which included $5.4 billion in
dividends and loan repayments in the form of cash and fixed maturity
securities, net of an $818 million tax settlement payment received from AIG
Parent. The 2015 dividend payments included $2.2 billion that represented the
remainder of dividends that were declared in the fourth quarter of 2014. The
fixed maturity securities primarily included U.S. government and government
sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, corporate
and municipal bonds and certain other highly rated securities.

 161

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES

Credit Facilities

We maintain a committed, revolving syndicated credit
facility as a potential source of liquidity for general corporate purposes. On
November 5, 2015, we amended and restated the five-year syndicated credit
facility that was entered into on June 19, 2014 (the Previous Facility).  The
amended and restated five-year syndicated facility (the Five-Year Facility)
provides for aggregate commitments by the bank syndicate to provide unsecured
revolving loans and/or standby letters of credit of up to $4.5 billion
(increased from a $4.0 billion commitment in the Previous Facility) without any
limits on the type of borrowings and is scheduled to expire in November 2020
(the Previous Facility was scheduled to expire in June 2019).  The increased
commitment of $500 million to the Five-Year Facility offsets the effect of the expiration
of our $500 million contingent liquidity facility.  See Contingent Liquidity
Facilities below.

As of December 31, 2015, a total of $4.5 billion remains
available under the Five-Year Facility. Our ability to borrow under the
Five-Year Facility is not contingent on our credit ratings. However, our
ability to borrow under the Five-Year Facility is conditioned on the
satisfaction of certain legal, operating, administrative and financial
covenants and other requirements contained in the Five-Year Facility. These
include covenants relating to our maintenance of a specified total consolidated
net worth and total consolidated debt to total consolidated capitalization.
Failure to satisfy these and other requirements contained in the Five-Year
Facility would restrict our access to the Five-Year Facility and could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and
liquidity. We expect to borrow under the Five-Year Facility from time to time,
and may use the proceeds for general corporate purposes.

Contingent Liquidity Facilities

AIG Parent had access to a contingent liquidity facility
of up to $500 million as a potential source of liquidity for general corporate
purposes. Under this facility, we had the unconditional right, prior to
December 15, 2015, to issue up to $500 million in senior debt to the counterparty,
based on a put option agreement between AIG Parent and the counterparty.  The
contingent liquidity facility expired by its terms on December 15, 2015.  The
expiration of the contingent liquidity facility is offset by the effect of the increased
commitment of $500 million to our Five-Year Facility.  See Credit Facilities
above.

 162

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES

Contractual Obligations

The
following table summarizes contractual obligations in total, and by remaining
maturity:

 December
 31, 2015

 Payments due by Period 

 Total

 2017 -

 2019 -

 (in
 millions)

 Payments 

 2016

 2018

 2020

 Thereafter

 Insurance
 operations

 Loss
 reserves

 $

 78,090

 $

 19,035

 $

 22,202

 $

 12,243

 $

 24,610

 Insurance
 and investment contract liabilities

 229,806

 15,691

 28,322

 24,999

 160,794

 Borrowings

 813

 -

 -

 106

 707

 Interest
 payments on borrowings

 1,141

 54

 109

 109

 869

 Operating
 leases

 986

 253

 350

 197

 186

 Other
 long-term obligations

 25

 4

 11

 6

 4

 Total

 $

 310,861

 $

 35,037

 $

 50,994

 $

 37,660

 $

 187,170

 Other 

 Borrowings

 $

 23,548

 $

 1,619

 $

 3,208

 $

 2,475

 $

 16,246

 Interest
 payments on borrowings

 17,142

 1,067

 1,998

 1,759

 12,318

 Operating
 leases

 149

 51

 52

 23

 24

 Other
 long-term obligations

 107

 -

 -

 -

 107

 Total

 $

 40,946

 $

 2,737

 $

 5,258

 $

 4,257

 $

 28,695

 Consolidated

 Loss
 reserves

 $

 78,090

 $

 19,035

 $

 22,202

 $

 12,243

 $

 24,610

 Insurance
 and investment contract liabilities

 229,806

 15,691

 28,322

 24,999

 160,794

 Borrowings

 24,361

 1,619

 3,208

 2,581

 16,953

 Interest
 payments on borrowings

 18,283

 1,121

 2,107

 1,868

 13,187

 Operating
 leases

 1,135

 304

 402

 219

 210

 Other
 long-term obligations(a)

 132

 4

 11

 6

 111

 Total(b)

 $

 351,807

 $

 37,774

 $

 56,252

 $

 41,916

 $

 215,865

(a) Primarily
includes contracts to purchase future services and other capital expenditures.

(b) Does not
reflect unrecognized tax benefits of $4.3 billion, the timing of which is
uncertain.  

Loss Reserves

Loss reserves relate to our Non-Life Insurance Companies
and represent future losses and loss adjustment expense payments estimated
based on historical loss development payment patterns. Due to the significance
of the assumptions used, the payments by period presented above could be
materially different from actual required payments. We believe that our
Non-Life Insurance Companies maintain adequate financial resources to meet the
actual required payments under these obligations.

Insurance and
Investment Contract Liabilities

Insurance and investment contract liabilities, including
GIC liabilities, relate to our Life Insurance Companies. These liabilities
include various investment-type products with contractually scheduled
maturities, including periodic payments of a term certain nature. These
liabilities also include benefit and claim liabilities, of which a significant
portion represents policies and contracts that do not have stated contractual
maturity dates and may not result in any future payment obligations. For these
policies and contracts (i) we are not currently making payments until the
occurrence of an insurable event, such as death or disability,
(ii) payments are conditional on survivorship or (iii) payment may
occur due to a surrender or other non-scheduled event beyond our control.

 163

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES

We have made significant
assumptions to determine the estimated undiscounted cash flows of these
contractual policy benefits. These assumptions include mortality, morbidity,
future lapse rates, expenses, investment returns and interest crediting rates,
offset by expected future deposits and premiums on in-force policies. Due to
the significance of the assumptions, the periodic amounts presented could be
materially different from actual required payments. The amounts presented in
this table are undiscounted and exceed the future policy benefits and
policyholder contract deposits included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

We believe that our Life Insurance Companies have adequate
financial resources to meet the payments actually required under these obligations.
These subsidiaries have substantial liquidity in the form of cash and
short-term investments. In addition, our Life Insurance Companies maintain
significant levels of investment grade rated fixed maturity securities,
including substantial holdings in government and corporate bonds, and could
seek to monetize those holdings in the event operating cash flows are
insufficient. We expect liquidity needs related to GIC liabilities to be funded
through cash flows generated from maturities and sales of invested assets. 

Borrowings

Our borrowings exclude those incurred by consolidated
investments and include hybrid financial instrument liabilities recorded at
fair value. We expect to repay the long-term debt maturities and interest
accrued on borrowings by AIG through maturing investments and dispositions of
invested assets, future cash flows from operations, cash flows generated from
invested assets, future debt issuance and other financing arrangements. Borrowings
supported by assets of AIG include various notes and bonds payable as well as
GIAs that are supported by cash and investments held by AIG Parent and certain
non-insurance subsidiaries for the repayment of those obligations.

 164

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements and Commercial Commitments

The following table summarizes Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements and Commercial Commitments in total, and by remaining maturity:

 December
 31, 2015

 Amount of Commitment Expiring 

 Total Amounts

 2017 -

 2019 -

 (in millions)

 Committed 

 2016

 2018

 2020

 Thereafter

 Insurance
 operations

 Guarantees:

 Standby
 letters of credit

 $

 870

 $

 180

 $

 59

 $

 627

 $

 4

 Guarantees
 of indebtedness

 128

 101

 27

 -

 -

 All other
 guarantees(a)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Commitments:

 Investment
 commitments(b)

 2,406

 1,615

 538

 247

 6

 Commitments
 to extend credit

 2,403

 1,171

 856

 290

 86

 Letters of
 credit  

 6

 6

 -

 -

 -

 Total(c)

 $

 5,813

 $

 3,073

 $

 1,480

 $

 1,164

 $

 96

 Other 

 Guarantees:

 Liquidity
 facilities(d)

 $

 74

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 74

 Standby
 letters of credit

 208

 208

 -

 -

 -

 All other
 guarantees  

 153

 140

 13

 -

 -

 Commitments:

 Investment
 commitments(b)

 145

 72

 1

 -

 72

 Commitments
 to extend credit(e)

 500

 -

 -

 500

 -

 Letters of
 credit

 25

 25

 -

 -

 -

 Total(c)(f)

 $

 1,105

 $

 445

 $

 14

 $

 500

 $

 146

 Consolidated

 Guarantees:

 Liquidity
 facilities(d)

 $

 74

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 74

 Standby
 letters of credit

 1,078

 388

 59

 627

 4

 Guarantees
 of indebtedness

 128

 101

 27

 -

 -

 All other
 guarantees(a)

 153

 140

 13

 -

 -

 Commitments:

 Investment
 commitments(b)

 2,551

 1,687

 539

 247

 78

 Commitments
 to extend credit(e)

 2,903

 1,171

 856

 790

 86

 Letters of
 credit

 31

 31

 -

 -

 -

 Total(c)(f)

 $

 6,918

 $

 3,518

 $

 1,494

 $

 1,664

 $

 242

(a) Includes
construction guarantees connected to affordable housing investments by our Life
Insurance Companies. Excludes potential amounts for indemnification obligations
included in asset sales agreements.  See 

Note
9

 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
further information on indemnification obligations.

(b) Includes
commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and mutual funds and
commitments to purchase and develop real estate in the United States and
abroad. The commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and
other funds are called at the discretion of each fund, as needed for funding
new investments or expenses of the fund. The expiration of these commitments is
estimated in the table above based on the expected life cycle of the related
fund, consistent with past trends of requirements for funding. Investors under
these commitments are primarily insurance and real estate subsidiaries.

(c)  Does not
include guarantees, CMAs or other support arrangements among AIG consolidated
entities. 

(d) Primarily
represents liquidity facilities provided in connection with certain municipal
swap transactions and collateralized bond obligations.

(e) Includes a
five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility between AerCap Ireland
Capital Limited, as borrower, and AIG Parent, as lender (the AerCap Credit
Facility) scheduled to mature in May 2019. 

The
AerCap Credit Facility permits loans for general corporate purposes. 

In June 2015, upon the
receipt by AIG Parent of the $500 million principal amount of 6.50%
fixed-to-floating rate junior subordinated notes issued by AerCap Global
Aviation Trust, the aggregate commitment under the AerCap Credit Facility was
reduced to $500 million from $1.0 billion. At December 31, 2015, no amounts
were outstanding under the AerCap Credit Facility.

(f)  Excludes
commitments with respect to pension plans. The annual pension contribution for
2016 is expected to be approximately $67 million for U.S. and non-U.S. plans.

 165

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES

Arrangements
with Variable Interest Entities 

We enter into various arrangements with variable interest
entities (VIEs) in the normal course of business, and we consolidate a VIE when
we are the primary beneficiary of the entity.  For a further discussion of our
involvement with VIEs, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Indemnification Agreements

We are subject to financial guarantees and indemnity
arrangements in connection with our sales of businesses. These arrangements may
be triggered by declines in asset values, specified business contingencies, the
realization of contingent liabilities, litigation developments, or breaches of
representations, warranties or covenants provided by us. These arrangements are
typically subject to time limitations, defined by contract or by operation of
law, such as by prevailing statutes of limitation. Depending on the specific
terms of the arrangements, the maximum potential obligation may or may not be
subject to contractual limitations. For additional information regarding our
indemnification agreements, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

We have recorded liabilities for certain of these
arrangements where it is possible to estimate them. These liabilities are not
material in the aggregate. We are unable to develop a reasonable estimate of
the maximum potential payout under some of these arrangements. Overall, we
believe that it is unlikely we will have to make any material payments under
these arrangements. 

Debt

The following table provides the rollforward of AIG’s
total debt outstanding:

 Balance
 at

 Maturities

 Effect
 of

 Balance at

 Year Ended December 31, 2015

 December
 31,

 and

 Foreign

 Other

 December 31,

 (in millions)

 2014

 Issuances

 Repayments

 Exchange

 Changes

 2015

 Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG:

 AIG general borrowings:

 Notes and bonds payable

 $

 15,570

 $

 5,540

 $

 (3,828)

 $

 (156)

 $

 10

 $

 17,136

 Subordinated debt

 250

 -

 (250)

 -

 -

 -

 Junior subordinated debt

 2,466

 -

 (1,073)

 (57)

 1

 1,337

 AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha

 -

 110

 (1)

 (3)

 -

 106

 AIGLH notes and bonds payable

 284

 -

 -

 -

 -

 284

 AIGLH junior subordinated debt

 536

 -

 (114)

 -

 -

 422

 Total AIG general borrowings

 19,106

 5,650

 (5,266)

 (216)

 11

 19,285

 AIG borrowings supported by assets:(a)

 MIP notes payable

 2,870

 -

 (1,351)

 (143)

 (4)

 1,372

 Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds
 payable

 34

 -

 (2)

 -

 2

 34

 GIAs, at fair value

 4,648

 388

 (1,812)

 -

 52

 (b)

 3,276

 Notes and bonds payable, at fair value

 818

 16

 (431)

 -

 (9)

 (b)

 394

 Total AIG borrowings supported by assets

 8,370

 404

 (3,596)

 (143)

 41

 5,076

 Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG

 27,476

 6,054

 (8,862)

 (359)

 52

 24,361

 Debt not guaranteed by AIG:

 Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans
 and

 mortgages payable

 58

 450

 (505)

 (1)

 -

 2

 Debt of consolidated investments(c)

 3,683

 363

 (614)

 (1)

 1,556

 (d)

 4,987

 Total debt not guaranteed by AIG

 3,741

 813

 (1,119)

 (2)

 1,556

 4,989

 Total debt

 $

 31,217

 $

 6,867

 $

 (9,981)

 $

 (361)

 $

 1,608

 $

 29,350

 166

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES

(a)  AIG Parent guarantees all such
debt, except for MIP notes payable and Series  AIGFP matched notes and bonds
payable, which are direct obligations of AIG Parent. Collateral posted to third
parties was $2.4 billion and $3.5 billion at December 31, 2015 and 2014,
respectively.  This collateral primarily consists of securities of the U.S.
government and government sponsored entities and generally cannot be repledged
or resold by the counterparties. 

(b)  Primarily represents adjustments to the fair value of
debt.

(c)  At December 31, 2015, includes debt of consolidated
investment vehicles related to real estate investments of $2.4 billion,
affordable housing partnership investments and securitizations of $2.2 billion
and other securitization vehicles and investments of $359 million. 
At December 31, 2014, includes debt of consolidated
investment vehicles related to real estate investments of $2.1 billion,
affordable housing partnership investments and securitizations of $853 million,
and other securitization vehicles and investments of $728 million.

(d)  Includes the effect of consolidating previously
unconsolidated partnerships.

Total DEBT OUTSTANDING 

(in
millions)

Debt Maturities 

The following table summarizes maturing debt at
December 31, 2015 of AIG (excluding $5.0 billion of borrowings of consolidated
investments) for the next four quarters:

 First

 Second

 Third

 Fourth

 Quarter

 Quarter

 Quarter

 Quarter

 (in
 millions)

 2016

 2016

 2016

 2016

 Total

 AIG general borrowings

 $

 -

 $

 684

 $

 -

 $

 308

 $

 992

 AIG borrowings supported by assets

 107

 72

 83

 365

 627

 Total 

 $

 107

 $

 756

 $

 83

 $

 673

 $

 1,619

See Note 14 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details for debt
outstanding.

 167

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES

Credit Ratings

Credit
ratings estimate a company’s ability to meet its obligations and may directly
affect the cost and availability of financing to that company. 

The following table presents the credit ratings of AIG and
certain of its subsidiaries as of February 10, 2016. Figures in parentheses
indicate the relative ranking of the ratings within the agency’s rating
categories; that ranking refers only to the major rating
 category and
not to the modifiers assigned by the rating agencies. 

 Short-Term Debt 

 Senior Long-Term Debt 

 Moody’s

 S&P

 Moody’s(a)

 S&P(b)

 Fitch(c)

 AIG

 P-2 (2nd of 3)

 A-2 (2nd of 8)

 Baa 1 (4th of 9)

 A- (3rd of 8)

 BBB+ (4th of 9)

 Stable Outlook

 Stable Outlook

 Negative Outlook

 Stable Outlook

 AIG Financial
 Products Corp.(d)

 P-2 

 A-2

 Baa 1 

 A-

 -

 Stable Outlook

 Stable Outlook

 Negative Outlook

(a) Moody’s
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to the generic rating categories to show
relative position within the rating categories.

(b) S&P
ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show
relative standing within the major rating categories.

(c)  Fitch ratings
may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative
standing within the major rating categories.

(d) AIG guarantees
all obligations of AIG Financial Products Corp.

These credit
ratings are current opinions of the rating agencies. They may be changed,
suspended or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies as a result of
changes in, or unavailability of, information or based on other circumstances.
Ratings may also be withdrawn at our request.

We are party
to some agreements that contain “ratings triggers.” Depending on the ratings
maintained by one or more rating agencies, these triggers could result in (i)
the termination or limitation of credit availability or a requirement for
accelerated repayment, (ii) the termination of business contracts or (iii) a
requirement to post collateral for the benefit of counterparties.

In the event
of adverse actions on our long-term debt ratings by the major rating agencies, AIGFP
and certain other AIG entities would be required to post additional collateral
under some derivative transactions or could experience termination of the
transactions. Such requirements and terminations could adversely affect our
business, our consolidated results of operations in a reporting period or our
liquidity. In the event of a further downgrade of AIG’s long-term senior debt
ratings, AIGFP and certain other AIG entities would be required to post
additional collateral, and certain of the counterparties of AIGFP or of such
other AIG entities would be permitted to terminate their contracts early.

The actual
amount of collateral that we would be required to post to counterparties in the
event of such downgrades, or the aggregate amount of payments that we could be
required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding
affected transactions and other factors prevailing at the time of the
downgrade. 

For a
discussion of the effects of downgrades in the financial strength ratings of
our insurance companies or our credit ratings, see Note 10 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements herein and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors – Liquidity,
Capital and Credit. 

Regulation and Supervision 

For a discussion of our regulation and supervision by
different regulatory authorities in the United States and abroad, including
with respect to our liquidity and capital resources, see Item 1. Business —
Regulation and Item 1A. Risk Factors — Regulation.

 168

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES

Dividends
and Repurchases of AIG Common Stock 

On February 12, 2015, our Board of
Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.125 per share,
payable on March 26, 2015 to shareholders of record on March 12, 2015. On April
30, 2015, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock
of $0.125 per share, payable on June 25, 2015 to shareholders of record on June
11, 2015. On August 3, 2015, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on
AIG Common Stock of $0.28 per share, payable on September 28, 2015 to
shareholders of record on September 14, 2015. On November 2, 2015, our Board of
Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.28 per share,
payable on December 21, 2015 to shareholders of record on December 7, 2015.

On February 11, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a cash
dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share, payable on March 28, 2016 to
shareholders of record on March 14, 2016. 
 The
payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of
Directors and will depend on various factors, including the regulatory
framework applicable to us, as discussed further in 

Note 16 
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Our Board of Directors has
authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock through a series of
actions.  On December 16, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized an additional
increase of $3.0 billion to the previous share repurchase authorization. 

During 2015, we repurchased
approximately 182 million shares of AIG Common Stock for an aggregate purchase
price of approximately $10.7 billion pursuant to this authorization. The total
number of shares of AIG Common Stock repurchased in 2015 includes (but the
aggregate purchase price does not include) approximately 3.5 million shares of
AIG Common Stock received in January 2015 upon the settlement of an ASR
agreement executed in the fourth quarter of 2014. Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule
10b5-1 repurchase plans, from January 1 to February 11, 2016, we have
repurchased approximately $2.5 billion of additional shares of AIG Common
Stock. 

On February 11, 2016, our Board of
Directors authorized an additional increase to the repurchase authorization of
AIG Common Stock of $5.0 billion, resulting in a remaining authorization on
such date of approximately $5.8 billion.  Shares may be repurchased from time
to time in the open market, private purchases, through forward, derivative,
accelerated repurchase or automatic repurchase transactions or otherwise
(including through the purchase of warrants).  Certain of our share repurchases
have been and may from time to time be effected through Exchange Act Rule
10b5-1 repurchase plans. The timing of any future share repurchases will depend
on market conditions, our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity
and other factors, including the regulatory framework applicable to us.  

Dividend Restrictions 

Payments of dividends to AIG by
its insurance subsidiaries are subject to certain restrictions imposed by
regulatory authorities. See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for a discussion of restrictions on payments of dividends by our subsidiaries.

 169

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

Enterprise
 Risk Management

Risk management includes the identification and measurement
of various forms of risk, the establishment of risk thresholds and the creation
of processes intended to maintain risks within these thresholds while
optimizing returns. We consider risk management an integral part of managing
our core businesses and a key element of our approach to corporate governance.

Overview

 We have
 an integrated process for managing risks throughout our organization in
 accordance with our firm‑wide risk appetite. Our Board of Directors has
 oversight responsibility for the management of risk. Our Enterprise Risk
 Management (ERM) Department supervises and integrates the risk management
 functions in each of our business units, providing senior management with a
 consolidated view of the firm’s major risk positions. Within each business
 unit, senior leaders and executives approve risk‑taking policies and
 targeted risk tolerance within the framework provided by ERM. ERM supports
 our businesses and management in the embedding of enterprise risk management
 in our key day-to-day business processes and in identifying, assessing,
 quantifying, managing, monitoring and reporting, and mitigating the risks
 taken by us and our businesses. Nevertheless, our risk management efforts may
 not always be successful and material adverse effects on our business,
 results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or financial condition may
 occur.

 Enterprise Risk
 Management (ERM)

 ·

Our
 ERM framework provides senior management with a consolidated view of our
 risk appetite and major risk positions.

·

In
 each of our business units, senior leaders and executives approve
 risk-taking policies and targeted risk tolerances within the ERM framework
 while working with ERM to mitigate risks across the firm.

·

Risk management is an integral part of how we manage
 our core businesses.

Risk Governance Structure

Our risk governance structure fosters the development and
maintenance of a risk and control culture that encompasses all significant risk
categories. Accountability for the implementation and oversight of risk
policies is aligned with individual corporate executives, with the risk
committees receiving regular reports regarding compliance with each policy to
support risk governance at our corporate level as well as in each business
unit. We review our governance and committee structure on a regular basis and
make changes as appropriate to continue to effectively manage and govern our
risks and risk-taking.

Our Board of Directors oversees the management of risk
through its Risk and Capital Committee (RCC) and Audit Committee. Those
committees regularly interact with other committees of the Board of Directors.
Our Chief Risk Officer (CRO) reports to both the RCC and our Chief Executive
Officer 
(CEO). 

The Group Risk Committee
(GRC): 

 The GRC is the senior management
group charged with assessing all significant risk issues on a global basis to
protect our financial strength, optimize our intrinsic value, and protect our
reputation. The GRC is chaired by our CRO. Its membership includes our CEO, Chief
Financial Officer (CFO), and other executives from across our corporate
functions and business units. Our CRO reports periodically on behalf of the GRC
to both the RCC and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Our CRO is
also a member of the management strategy committee providing ERM the
opportunity to review, monitor and consider the impact of changes in strategy.

Management committees that
support the GRC are described below. These committees are comprised of senior
executives and experienced business representatives from a range of functions
and business units throughout AIG and its subsidiaries. These committees are
charged with identifying, analyzing and reviewing specific risk matters within
their respective mandates.

Financial Risk Group (FRG):

  The FRG is responsible for the oversight of financial
risks taken by us and our subsidiaries. Its mandate includes overseeing our
aggregate credit, market, interest rate, capital, liquidity and model risks, as
well as asset-

 170

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

liability management, derivatives activity, and foreign
exchange transactions. It provides the primary
corporate-level
review function for all proposed transactions and business practices that are
significant in size, complex in scope, or that present heightened legal,
reputational, accounting or regulatory risks. Membership
of the FRG includes our CFO, CRO, Chief Investment Officer and Chief Strategy
Officer.

Operational Risk Committee
(ORC):

 This committee oversees operational
risk management activities across our businesses, functions, and geographic
locations. The ORC reviews the enterprise-wide identification, escalation and
mitigation of operational risks that may arise from inadequate or failed
internal processes, people, systems, or external events.  The ORC also
monitors current and emerging operational risks, as well as management actions
taken to reduce risks to acceptable
 levels. The ORC approves the Operational
Risk Management (ORM) Policy and ORM Framework, which includes the
identification, assessment, monitoring and measurement of risks. The ORC
ensures applicable governance structures are established to provide oversight
of operational risk at each business unit and corporate function. The ORC also
reviews aggregate firm-wide operational risk reports and provides a forum for senior
management to assess our operational risk profile and to discuss operational
risks that may affect our strategic objectives.

ORC members include senior AIG executives with expertise in
legal, compliance, technology, human resources, finance and operational risk,
as well as business continuity management and the chief risk officer of our
business units.

Business Unit Risk and Capital Committees:

 Each of
our major insurance businesses has established a risk committee that serves as the
senior management committee responsible for risk oversight at the individual
business unit level.  The risk committees are responsible for the
identification, assessment and monitoring of all sources of risk within their respective
portfolios. Specific responsibilities include setting risk tolerances, reviewing
capital management strategies (including asset allocation and risk financing),
insurance portfolio optimization, risk management policies and providing
oversight of risk-adjusted metrics. In addition, each business unit has
established subordinate committees which identify, assess and monitor the
specific operational, transactional and financial risks inherent in its
respective business. Together, the committees described above provide
comprehensive risk oversight throughout the organization.

 171

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement

Risk
Appetite Framework

Our Risk Appetite Framework integrates stakeholder
interests, strategic business goals and available financial resources. We
balance these by seeking to take measured risks that are expected to generate
repeatable, sustainable earnings and create long-term value for our
shareholders. The framework includes our Risk Appetite Statement approved by
the Board of Directors or a committee thereof and a set of supporting tools,
including risk tolerances, risk limits and policies, which we use to manage our
risk profile and financial resources.  

We articulate our aggregate risk-taking by setting risk
tolerances on capital and liquidity measures. These measures are set at the AIG
Parent as well as the legal entity level and cover consolidated and insurance
company capital and liquidity ratios.  We must comply with standards for
capital adequacy and maintain sufficient liquidity to meet all our obligations
as they come due in accordance with our internal capital management and
liquidity policies. Our risk tolerances take into consideration regulatory
requirements, rating agency expectations, and business needs. The GRC routinely
reviews the level of risk taken by the consolidated organization in relation to
the established risk tolerances. A consolidated risk report is also presented
periodically, as required, to the RCC by our CRO.

Risk
Limits

A key component of our Risk Appetite Framework is having a
process in place that establishes and maintains appropriate limits on the
material risks identified for our core businesses and facilitates monitoring
and meeting of both internal and external stakeholder expectations. Our
objectives include:

•

Monitoring of risks, providing early warning indicators, and ensuring
timely oversight and enforceability;

•

Defining a consistent and transparent approach to limits governance from
the group-level to regional entities; and

•

Alignment with Risk Appetite Statement, where applicable. 

To support the monitoring and management of AIG’s and its
business units’ material risks, ERM has an established limits framework that employs
a three-tiered hierarchy: 

•

Level I Limits

 are AIG consolidated level limits. They define our
aggregate maximum exposures for core risks within the boundaries set by the Risk
Appetite Statement, and constrain our concentration in specific risk types.
These limits are set to manage key risks identified by ERM and to meet
requirements by regulators and rating agencies at a consolidated level. Level 1
Limits are reported to the FRG, GRC and RCC.

•

Level II Limits

 are business unit level limits. They define our
appetite for specific, material risk taking activities within business units
and corporate functions. These key risks are identified by ERM for the business
unit and/or corporate function, and risk limits are developed to meet the
specific requirements of regulators and rating agencies. Level II Limits are
reported to the business unit RCCs, where applicable.

•

Level III Limits

 monitor risk utilization on the regional or
local level and are developed to address any specific requirements by
regulators and rating agencies for that region not captured by the Level I and
Level II limits. Level III Limits are reported at the local entity risk
committee.

All limits are reviewed by the FRG, GRC or relevant
business unit RCCs on a periodic basis and revisions, if applicable, are
approved by those committees.

The business units are responsible for measuring and
monitoring their risk exposures. ERM is responsible for monitoring compliance with
limits and providing regular, timely reporting to our senior management and
risk committees. Limit breaches 

 172

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

are required to be
reported in a timely manner and are documented and escalated in accordance with
their level of severity or materiality.  

Risk
Identification and Measurement

One tool we use to inform our Risk Appetite Framework is
risk identification.  We conduct risk identification through a number of
processes at the business unit and corporate level focused on capturing our
material risks and key areas of focus for follow-up risk management actions. A
key initiative is our 
integrated bottom-up risk
identification and assessment process down to the product-line level
.
These processes are used as a critical input to enhance and develop our
analytics for measuring and assessing risks across the organization.

We employ various approaches to measure, monitor, and
manage risk exposures, including the utilization of a variety of metrics and
early warning indicators. We use a proprietary stress testing framework to
measure our quantifiable risks. This framework is built on our existing ERM
stress testing methodology for both insurance and non-insurance operations. 

The framework measures risk over multiple time horizons and
under different levels of stress. We develop a range of stress scenarios based
both on internal experience and regulatory guidance. The stress tests are
intended to ensure that sufficient resources are available under both
idiosyncratic and systemic market stress conditions.

The stress testing framework assesses our aggregate
exposure to our most significant financial and insurance risks, including the
risk in each of our key insurance company subsidiaries in relation to its
capital needs under stress, risks inherent in our non-insurance company
subsidiaries, and risks to AIG consolidated capital. We use this information to
determine the resources needed at the AIG Parent level to support our
subsidiaries and capital resources required to maintain consolidated company
target capitalization levels.

 We evaluate and manage risk in material topics as shown
 below. These topics are discussed in more detail in the following pages:

 •

Credit Risk Management

 •

Liquidity Risk Management 

 •

Insurance Risks

 •

Market Risk Management

 •

Operational Risk Management

 •

Other Operations Risks

Credit Risk Management

Overview

Credit risk is defined as the risk that our customers or
counterparties are unable or unwilling to repay their contractual obligations
when they become due. Credit risk may also result from a downgrade of a counterparty’s
credit ratings or a widening of its credit spreads.

We devote considerable resources to managing our direct and
indirect credit exposures. These exposures may arise from, but are not limited
to, fixed income investments, equity securities, deposits, commercial paper
investments, reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements, corporate
and consumer loans, leases, reinsurance recoverables, counterparty risk arising
from derivatives activities, collateral extended to counterparties, insurance
risk cessions to third parties, financial guarantees and letters of credit. 

 173

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

Governance

Our credit risks are managed by a team of investment
professionals, subject to ERM oversight and various control processes. ERM is
assisted by credit functions headed by highly experienced credit professionals.
Their primary role is to assure appropriate credit risk management in
accordance with our credit policies and procedures relative to our credit risk
parameters. Our Chief Credit Officer (CCO) and credit executives are primarily
responsible for the development, implementation and maintenance of a risk
management framework, which includes the following elements related to our
credit risks:  

•

developing and implementing our company-wide credit policies and procedures;

•

approving delegated credit authorities to our credit executives and
qualified investment professionals;

•

developing methodologies for quantification and assessment of credit
risks, including the establishment and maintenance of our internal risk rating
process;

•

managing a system of credit and program limits, as well as the approval
process for credit transactions, above limit exposures, and concentrations of
risk that may exist or be incurred;

•

evaluating, monitoring, reviewing and reporting of credit risks and
concentrations regularly with senior management; and

•

approving appropriate credit reserves, credit-related
other-than-temporary impairments and corresponding methodologies for all credit
portfolios.

We monitor and control our company-wide credit risk
concentrations and attempt to avoid unwanted or excessive risk accumulations,
whether funded or unfunded. To minimize the level of credit risk in some
circumstances, we may require mitigants, such as third‑party guarantees,
reinsurance or collateral, including commercial bank-issued letters of credit
and trust collateral accounts. We treat these guarantees, reinsurance
recoverables, and letters of credit as credit exposure and include them in our
risk concentration exposure data. We also monitor closely the quality of any
trust collateral accounts. 

See Investments – Available for Sale Investments herein for
further information on our credit concentrations and credit exposures.

Market
Risk Management

Market risk is defined as the risk of adverse impact
due to systemic movements in one or more of the following market risk drivers: 
equity and commodity prices, residential and commercial real estate values,
interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange, inflation, and their levels
of volatility. 

We are engaged in a variety of insurance, investment and
other financial services businesses that generate market risk, directly and
indirectly. We are exposed to market risks primarily within our insurance and
capital markets activities, on both the asset and liability side of our balance
sheet through on and off-balance sheet exposures. The chief risk officer within
each business is responsible for creating a framework to properly identify
these risks, then ensuring that they are appropriately measured, monitored and
managed in accordance with the risk governance framework established by the
Chief Market Risk Officer (CMRO). 

The scope and
magnitude of our market risk exposures is managed under a robust framework that
contains documented risk-taking authorities, defined risk limits and minimum
standards for managing market risk in a manner consistent with our Risk
Appetite Statement. Our market risk management framework focuses on quantifying
the financial repercussions of changes in these broad market observables, as
opposed to from the idiosyncratic risks associated with individual assets that
are addressed through our credit risk management function.

 174

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

Risk Identification

Market risk focuses on quantifying the financial
repercussions of changes in broad, external, predominantly market observable
risks. Financial repercussions can include an adverse impact on results of
operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital.

Each of the following systemic risks is considered a market
risk:

Equity prices.

  We are exposed to changes in equity
market prices affecting a variety of instruments. Changes in equity prices can
affect the valuation of publicly-traded equity shares, investments in private
equity, hedge funds and mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other
equity-linked capital market instruments as well as equity-linked insurance
products, including but not limited to index annuities, variable annuities,
universal life insurance and variable universal life insurance.

Residential and commercial real estate values.

  Our
investment portfolios are exposed to the risk of changing values in a variety
of residential and commercial real estate investments. Changes in
residential/commercial real estate prices can affect the valuation of
residential/commercial mortgages, residential/commercial mortgage‑backed
securities and other structured securities with underlying assets that include
residential/commercial mortgages: trusts that include residential/commercial
real estate and/or mortgages, residential mortgage insurance contracts and
commercial real estate investments. 

Interest rates.

  Interest rate risk can arise from a
mismatch in the interest rate exposure of assets versus liabilities. Lower
interest rates generally result in lower investment income and make certain of
our product offerings less attractive to investors. Conversely, higher interest
rates are typically beneficial for the opposite reasons. However, when rates
rise quickly, there can be a temporary asymmetric U.S. GAAP accounting effect
where the existing securities lose market value, which is largely reported in
Other comprehensive income, and the offsetting decrease in the value of related
liabilities may not be recognized. Changes in interest rates can affect the
valuation of fixed maturity securities, financial liabilities, insurance
contracts including but not limited to fixed rate annuities, variable annuities
and derivative contracts.

Credit spreads.

  Credit spreads measure an
instrument’s risk premium or yield relative to that of a comparable duration,
default‑free instrument. Changes in credit spreads can affect the
valuation of fixed maturity securities, including but not limited to corporate
bonds, ABS, mortgage-backed securities, AIG-issued debt obligations, credit
derivatives and derivative credit valuation adjustments. Much like higher
interest rates, wider credit spreads with unchanged default losses mean more
investment income in the long‑term. In the short term, quickly rising
spreads will cause a loss in the value of existing fixed maturity securities,
which is largely reported in Other comprehensive income. A precipitous rise in
credit spreads may also signal a fundamental weakness in the credit‑worthiness
of bond obligors, potentially resulting in default losses.

Foreign exchange (FX) rates.

  We are a globally
diversified enterprise with significant income, assets and liabilities
denominated in, and significant capital deployed in, a variety of currencies.
Changes in FX rates can affect the valuation of a broad range of balance sheet
and income statement items as well as the settlement of cash flows exchanged in
specific transactions. 

Commodity Prices.

  Changes in commodity prices (the
value of commodities) can affect the valuation of publicly‑traded
commodities, commodity indices and derivatives on commodities and commodity
indices. We are exposed to commodity prices primarily through their impact on
the prices and credit quality of commodity producers’ debt and equity
securities in our investment portfolio.

Inflation.

  Changes in inflation can affect the
valuation of fixed maturity securities, including AIG-issued debt obligations,
derivatives and other contracts explicitly linked to inflation indices, and
insurance contracts where the claims are linked to inflation either explicitly,
via indexing, or implicitly, through medical costs or wage levels.

Governance

Market risk is overseen at the corporate level within ERM
through the CMRO, who reports directly to the AIG CRO.  The CMRO is supported
by a dedicated team of professionals within ERM. Market Risk is managed by our
finance, treasury and 

 175

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

investment management corporate
functions, collectively, and in partnership with ERM. The CMRO is primarily
responsible for the development and maintenance of a risk management framework
that includes the following key components:

•

written policies
that define the rules for our market risk-taking activities and provide clear
guidance regarding their execution and management; 

•

a limit
framework that aligns with our Board-approved Risk Appetite Statement;

•

independent
measurement, monitoring and reporting for line of business, business unit and
enterprise-wide market risks; and

•

clearly defined
authorities for all individuals and committee roles and responsibilities
related to market risk management.

These components facilitate the CMRO’s identification,
measurement, monitoring, reporting and management of our market risks.  

Risk
Measurement 

Our market risk measurement framework was developed with
the main objective of communicating the range and scale of our market risk
exposures. At the firm‑wide level market risk is measured in a manner
that is consistent with AIG’s Risk Appetite Statement. This is designed to
ensure that we remain within our stated risk tolerance levels and can determine
how much additional market risk taking capacity is available within our
framework. Our risk appetite is currently defined in terms of capital and
liquidity levels. At the market risk level, the framework measures our overall
exposure to each systemic market risk change on an economic basis.

In addition, we continue to use enhanced economic,
U.S. GAAP accounting and statutory capital‑based risk measures at
the market risk level, business‑unit level and firm‑wide levels.
This process aims to ensure that we have a comprehensive view of the impact of
our market risk exposures.

 We use a number of approaches to measure
 our market risk exposure, including:

 Sensitivity
 analysis. 

Sensitivity analysis measures the impact from a unit
 change in a market risk input. Examples of such sensitivities include a one
 basis point increase in yield on fixed maturity securities, a one basis point
 increase in credit spreads of fixed maturity securities, and a one percent
 increase in prices of equity securities.

Scenario analysis.

Scenario
 analysis uses historical, hypothetical, or forward‑looking
 macroeconomic scenarios to assess and report exposures. Examples of
 hypothetical scenarios include a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield
 curve or a 20 percent immediate and simultaneous decrease in world‑wide
 equity markets. Scenarios may also utilize a stochastic framework to arrive
 at a probability distribution of losses.

Stress testing.

Stress
 testing is a special form of scenario analysis in which the scenarios are
 designed to lead to a material adverse outcome. Examples of such scenarios
 include the stock market crash of October 1987 or the widening of yields or
 spreads of RMBS or CMBS during 2008.

 176

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

Market Risk Sensitivities

The following table provides estimates of our
sensitivity to changes in yield curves, equity prices and foreign currency
exchange rates:

 Balance Sheet Exposure

 Balance Sheet Effect

 December 31,

 December
 31,

 December 31,

 December
 31, 

 (dollars in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2015

 2014

 Sensitivity factor 

 100 bps parallel increase in all
 yield curves

 Interest rate sensitive assets:

 Fixed maturity securities

 260,689

 273,885

 (14,549)

 (15,107)

 Mortgage and other loans receivable

 18,878

 16,594

 (1,092)

 (921)

 Preferred stock

 20

 19

 (1)

 (1)

 Total interest rate sensitive assets

 $

 279,587

 (a)

 $

 290,498

 (a) 

 $

 (15,642)

 $

 (16,029)

 Sensitivity factor 

 20% decline in stock prices and value of

 alternative investments

 Equity and alternative investments
 exposure:

 Hedge funds

 10,917

 10,798

 (2,183)

 (2,160)

 Private equity

 7,233

 8,858

 (1,447)

 (1,772)

 Real estate investments

 6,579

 3,612

 (1,316)

 (722)

 PICC(b) 

 2,239

 3,375

 (448)

 (675)

 Common equity

 1,574

 2,044

 (315)

 (409)

 Aircraft asset investments

 477

 651

 (95)

 (130)

 AerCap(c) 

 -

 4,972

 -

 (994)

 Other investments

 472

 1,331

 (94)

 (266)

 Total equity and alternative investments 

 exposure

 $

 29,491

 $

 35,641

 $

 (5,898)

 $

 (7,128)

 Sensitivity factor 

 10% depreciation of all foreign currency 

 exchange rates against the U.S. dollar

 Foreign currency-denominated net 

    asset position:

    Great Britain pound

 2,158

 3,884

 (216)

 (388)

    Hong Kong dollar

 2,138

 2,875

 (214)

 (288)

    Euro

 2,053

 768

 (205)

 (77)

      All other foreign currencies

 4,310

 4,478

 (431)

 (448)

 Total foreign currency-denominated net 

 asset position(d)

 $

 10,659

 $

 12,005

 $

 (1,066)

 $

 (1,201)

(a)

At December 31, 2015, the
analysis covered $279.6 billion of $298.7 billion interest-rate sensitive
assets. Excluded were $10.7 billion of loans and $3.6 billion of investments in
life settlements. In addition, $4.8 billion of assets across various asset categories
were excluded due to modeling limitations. At December 31, 2014, the analysis
covered $290.4 billion of $308.9 billion interest-rate sensitive assets.
Excluded were $8.4 billion of loans and $3.8 billion of investments in life
settlements. In addition, $6.3 billion of assets across various asset
categories were excluded due to modeling limitations.  

(b)

Includes our investments in
PICC Group and PICC P&C.

(c)

In September 2015, we sold
the remainder of our ordinary shares of AerCap. Our 2014 sensitivity calculation
for AerCap was based on our carrying value rather than the stock price as of
the applicable date, as we applied the equity method of accounting prior to the
sale. 

(d)

The majority of the foreign
currency exposure is reported on a one quarter lag.

Foreign currency-denominated net asset position reflects our
consolidated non‑U.S. dollar assets less our consolidated non‑U.S
dollar liabilities on a U.S. GAAP basis. We use a bottom-up approach in
managing our foreign currency exchange rate exposures with the objective of
protecting statutory capital at the regulated insurance entity level. We manage
cash flow risk on our foreign currency-denominated debt issued by AIG Parent
and use a variety of techniques to mitigate this risk, including but not limited
to the execution of cross-currency swaps and the issuance of new foreign
currency-denominated debt to replace equivalent maturing debt. At the AIG
Parent level, we monitor our foreign currency exposures against single currency
and 

 177

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

aggregate currency portfolio limits. As a matter
of general practice, we do not typically hedge our foreign currency exposures
to net investments in subsidiaries. 

At December 31, 2015, our foreign currency-denominated net
asset position decreased by $1.3 billion, or 11.2 percent, compared to December
31, 2014. The decrease was mostly due to a $1.7 billion decrease in our British
pound position, primarily resulting from the unwinding of a cross-currency swap
and a $737 million decrease in our Hong Kong dollar position, primarily resulting
from the sale of ordinary shares in PICC P&C. These decreases were
partially offset by a $1.3 billion increase in our euro position, primarily
resulting from debt repurchases and hedging. 

For illustrative purposes, we modeled our sensitivities based
on a 100 basis point increase in yield curves, a 20 percent decline in
equities and alternative assets, and a 10 percent depreciation of all
foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. The estimated results
presented in the table above should not be taken as a prediction, but only as a
demonstration of the potential effects of such events. 

The sensitivity factors utilized
for 2015 and presented above were selected based on historical data from 1995
to 2015, as follows (see the table below):

•

a 100 basis
point parallel shift in the yield curve is consistent with a one standard
deviation movement of the benchmark ten-year treasury yield;

•

a 20 percent
drop for equity and alternative investments is broadly consistent with a one
standard deviation movement in the S&P 500; and

•

a 10 percent
depreciation of foreign currency exchange rates is consistent with a one
standard deviation movement in the U.S. dollar (USD)/Great Britain pound (GBP)
exchange rate.

 2015
 Scenario as

 2015

 2015
 as a Multiple

 Original
 2014 Scenario (based

 Standard

 Suggested

 a
 Multiple of

 Change/

 of
 Standard

 on
 Standard Deviation for

 Period

 Deviation

 2015
 Scenario

 Standard
 Deviation

 Return

 Deviation

 1994-2014
 Period)

 10-Year
 Treasury

 1995-2015

 0.01

 0.01

 1.00

 -

 0.10

 0.01

 S&P 500

 1995-2015

 0.18

 0.20

 1.09

 (0.01)

 0.04

 0.20

 USD/GBP

 1995-2015

 0.09

 0.10

 1.06

 (0.05)

 0.57

 0.10

Risk
Monitoring and Limits

The risk monitoring responsibilities, owned by the business
units, include ensuring compliance with market risk limits and escalation and
remediation of limit breaches. Such activities must be reported to the ERM
Market Risk team by the relevant business unit. This monitoring approach is
aligned with our overall risk limits framework. 

To control our exposure to market risk, we rely on a
three-tiered hierarchy of limits that the CMRO closely monitors and reports to
our CRO, senior management and risk committees. 

See Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement
– Risk Limits herein for further information on our three-tiered hierarchy of
limits.

Liquidity Risk Management

Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that our financial
condition will be adversely affected by the inability or perceived inability to
meet our short-term cash, collateral or other financial obligations. Failure to
appropriately manage liquidity risk can result in insolvency, reduced operating
flexibility, increased costs, reputational harm and regulatory action. 

AIG and its legal entities seek to maintain sufficient
liquidity during both the normal course of business and under defined liquidity
stress scenarios to ensure that sufficient cash can be generated to meet the
obligations as they come due.

 178

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

AIG Parent liquidity risk
tolerance levels allow it to meet its obligations over a twelve month horizon
consistent with its risk appetite. We maintain a target range for required
liquidity and minimum coverage ratios designed to ensure that funding needs are
met under varying market conditions. If we project that we will breach these
tolerances, we will assess and determine appropriate liquidity management
actions. However, the market conditions in effect at that time may not permit us
to achieve an increase in liquidity sources or a reduction in liquidity
requirements.

Risk
Identification

The following sources of liquidity and funding risks could
impact our ability to meet short-term financial obligations as they come due.  

•

Market/Monetization Risk: Assets cannot be readily transformed into cash
due to unfavorable market conditions. Market liquidity risk may limit our
ability to sell assets at reasonable values to meet liquidity needs.   

•

Cash Flow Mismatch Risk: Discrete and cumulative cash flow mismatches or
gaps over short-term horizons under both expected and adverse business
conditions may create future liquidity shortfalls.

•

Event Funding Risk: Additional funding is required as the result of a
trigger event. Event funding risk comes in many forms and may result from a
downgrade in credit ratings, a market event, or some other event that creates a
funding obligation or limits existing funding options. 

•

Financing Risk: We are unable to raise additional cash on a secured or unsecured
basis due to unfavorable market conditions, AIG-specific issues, or any other
issue that impedes access to additional funding.

Governance

Liquidity risk is overseen at the corporate level within ERM
through the CMRO, who reports directly to the AIG CRO.  The AIG CRO has
responsibility for the oversight of the Liquidity Risk Management Framework and
delegates the day-to-day implementation of this framework to the AIG Treasurer.
Our corporate treasury function manages liquidity risk, subject to ERM
oversight and various control processes.

The Liquidity Risk Management Framework is guided by the
liquidity risk tolerance as set forth in the Board-approved Risk Appetite
Statement.

The principal objective of this
framework is to establish minimum liquidity requirements that protect our
long-term viability and ability to fund our ongoing business, and to meet
short-term financial obligations in a timely manner in both normal and stressed
conditions. 

Our Liquidity Risk Management Framework includes a number of
liquidity and funding policies and monitoring tools to address AIG-specific,
broader industry and market related liquidity events.

Risk
Measurement

Comprehensive cash flow projections under normal conditions
are the primary component for identifying and measuring liquidity risk. We
produce comprehensive liquidity projections over varying time horizons that
incorporate all relevant liquidity sources and uses and include known and
likely cash inflows and outflows. In addition, we perform stress testing by
identifying liquidity stress scenarios and assessing the effects of these
scenarios on our cash flow and liquidity.

 179

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

 We use a
 number of approaches to measure  our  liquidity  risk exposure, including:

 Target Liquidity Range:

 Target Liquidity Range specifies the amount of assets required to be
 maintained in specific liquidity portfolios to meet obligations as they arise
 over a twelve month horizon under stressed liquidity conditions.  

Coverage Ratios:

 Coverage Ratios measure the adequacy of available liquidity sources,
 including the ability to monetize assets to meet the forecasted cash flows
 over a specified time horizon. The portfolio of assets is selected based on
 our ability to convert those assets into cash under the assumed market
 conditions and within the specified time horizon. 

Cash Flow Forecasts:

 Cash Flow Forecasts measure the liquidity needed for a specific legal entity
 over a specified time horizon.

Stress
 Testing:

 Coverage Ratios and Asset Ratios are re-measured under defined
 liquidity stress scenarios that will impact net cash flows, liquid assets
 and/or other funding sources.

Relevant liquidity reporting is produced and reported
regularly to AIG Parent and business unit risk committees. The frequency,
content, and nature of reporting will vary for each business unit and legal
entity, based on its complexity, risk profile, activities and size.

Operational
Risk Management

Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss, or other
adverse consequences, resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes,
people, systems, or from external events. Operational risk includes legal,
regulatory and compliance risks, but excludes business and strategy risks. 

Operational risk is inherent in each of our business units.
Operational risks can have many impacts, including but not limited to: unexpected
economic losses or gains, reputational harm due to negative publicity, regulatory
action from supervisory agencies, operational and business disruptions, and/or
damage to customer relationships.

ORM oversees the Operational Risk policy and framework,
which includes risk identification, assessment, prioritization, measurement, monitoring,
and reporting of operational risk. As part of the framework, we deploy a series
of operational risk programs to support our business units with the
identification, monitoring and reporting of operational risks. The ORM programs
include, but are not limited to, several key components as outlined below:

•

The
Risk Event Capture process enables each employee to identify, document, and
escalate operational risk impacts, with a view to enhancing, processes and
promoting lessons learned. 

•

The
Vulnerability Identification (VID) process identifies emerging risks, which we
consider to be risks that have not yet fully manifested themselves but could become
significant over time. 

•

The
Ordinal Risk Ranking effort provides an ordinal ranking of the firm’s most
significant operational risks at the Enterprise, Segment or Regional levels,
with the goal of prioritizing assessment and remediation activity. 

•

The
Risk and Control Self-Assessments (RCSAs) allow for the identification and
assessment of the key operational risks within our respective business units
and a determination as to whether the related controls are effective.  

•

Scenario
Analyses are executed to identify the remote, but plausible, potential risks
that could result in severe financial losses.  

ORM, working together with other key second lines of defense
functions (e.g., Model Validation and the Technology Risk office, as well as
Compliance, SOX, and Global Business Continuity), provides an independent view
of Operational Risk for each business, and works with the business to
facilitate implementation of the above programs.  This includes coverage of operational
risks related to core insurance activities, investing, model risk, technology
(including cyber security, access, data 

 180

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

privacy and
data security), third-party providers, as well as compliance and regulatory
matters. Based on the results of the risk identification and assessment efforts
above, business leaders are accountable for tracking and remediating identified
issues in line with our risk monitoring procedures. Governance committees
support these efforts and promote transparency and management decision making. 

 An integrated risk
 and control framework facilitates the identification and mitigation of operational
 risk issues. To accomplish this, our integrated risk and control framework is
 designed to:

 •

ensure first line accountability and ownership of risks and controls; 

•

promote role clarity among the business and risk and control
 functions;

•

enhance transparency, risk management governance and culture;

•

foster greater consistency in identifying and ranking material risks;

•

pro-actively address potential risk issues and assign clear ownership
 and accountability for addressing identified risk issues; and

•

accelerate the development of technology solutions that support
 objectives above.

Insurance
Risks

Except as described above, we manage our business risk oversight
activities through our insurance operations. A primary goal in managing our
insurance operations is to achieve an acceptable risk-adjusted return on
equity. To achieve this goal, we must be disciplined in risk selection, premium
adequacy, and appropriate terms and conditions to cover the risk accepted.  

We operate our insurance businesses on a global basis, and we are exposed
to a wide variety of risks with different time horizons. We manage these risks
throughout the organization, both centrally and locally, through a number of
procedures:

•

pre-launch
approval of product design, development and distribution;

•

underwriting
approval processes and authorities;

•

exposure limits
with ongoing monitoring;

•

management of
relationship between assets and liabilities, including hedging;

•

enhanced pricing
models;

•

modeling and
reporting of aggregations and limit concentrations at multiple levels (policy,
line of business, product group, country, individual/group, correlation and
catastrophic risk events);

•

compliance with
financial reporting and capital and solvency targets;

•

use of
reinsurance, both internal and third-party; and

•

review and
establishment of reserves.

We closely manage insurance risk by monitoring and
controlling the nature and geographic location of the risks in each line of
business underwritten, the terms and conditions of the underwriting and the
premiums we charge for taking on the risk. We analyze concentrations of risk
using various modeling techniques, including both probability distributions
(stochastic) and/or single-point estimates (deterministic) approaches.

 181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

Risk Identification

•

Non-Life Insurance Companies

 — risks covered
include property, casualty, fidelity/surety, accident and health, aviation,
management liability and mortgage insurance. We manage risks in the general
insurance business through aggregations and limitations of concentrations at
multiple levels: policy, line of business, geography, industry and legal
entity. We manage risks in the mortgage
insurance business through geographic classification, risk based pricing,
premium adequacy monitoring, and prudent credit policy and underwriting
standards.

•

Life
Insurance Companies

 — 

risks include mortality and morbidity in the
insurance-oriented products and insufficient cash flows to cover contract
liabilities and longevity risk in the retirement savings-oriented products. We
manage risks through product design, sound medical and non-medical underwriting,
and external reinsurance programs.

We
purchase reinsurance for our insurance operations. 

Reinsurance facilitates insurance risk management
(retention, volatility, concentrations) and capital planning. We may purchase
reinsurance on a pooled basis. Pooling of our reinsurance risks enables us to
purchase reinsurance more efficiently at a consolidated level, manage global
counterparty risk and relationships and manage global catastrophe risks, both
for the Non-Life Insurance Companies and the
Life Insurance Companies.

Governance

Insurance risks are monitored at the business unit level
within ERM and overseen by the business unit chief risk officer, who reports
directly to our CRO. The framework includes the following key components:

•

written policies
that define the rules for our insurance risk-taking activities; 

•

a limit
framework focused on key insurance risks that aligns with our Board-approved
Risk Appetite Statement; and

•

clearly defined
authorities for all individuals and committee roles and responsibilities
related to insurance risk management.

Risk
Measurement, Monitoring and Limits

 We use a number of approaches to measure
 our insurance risk exposure, including:

 Stochastic
 methods. 

Stochastic methods are used to measure and monitor risks
 including natural catastrophe, reserve and premium risk. We develop probabilistic
 estimates of risk based on our exposures, historical observed volatility or
 industry-recognized models in the case of catastrophe risk.

Scenario analysis.

Scenario
 or deterministic analysis is used to measure and monitor risks such as
 terrorism or to estimate losses due to man-made catastrophic scenarios.

In addition, we monitor concentrations of exposure through
insurance limits aggregated along dimensions such as geography, industry, or
counterparty.

The risk monitoring responsibilities of the business units
include ensuring compliance with insurance risk limits and escalation and
remediation of limit breaches. Such activities are reported to management by
the relevant business unit for informative decision-making on a regular basis.
This monitoring approach is aligned with our overall risk limits framework. 

Risk limits have a consistent framework used across AIG, its
business units, and legal entities. This includes escalation thresholds in
cases where measurement is particularly challenging.  

 182

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

See Risk Appetite, Limits,
Identification, and Measurement – Risk Limits herein for further information on
our three-tiered hierarchy of limits

Non-Life
Insurance Companies Key Insurance Risks

We manage insurance risks through risk review and selection
processes, exposure limitations, exclusions, deductibles, self-insured
retentions, coverage limits, attachment points, and reinsurance. This
management is supported by sound underwriting practices, pricing procedures and
the use of actuarial analysis to help determine overall adequacy of provisions
for insurance. Underwriting practices and pricing procedures incorporate
historical experience, changes in underlying exposure, current regulation and
judicial decisions as well as proposed or anticipated regulatory changes.

For Non-Life Insurance Companies, insurance risks primarily
include the following:

•

Liability for Unpaid
Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses - 

The
potential inadequacy of the liabilities we establish for unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses is a key risk faced by the 
Non-Life
Insurance Companies
. There is significant uncertainty
in factors that may drive the ultimate development of losses compared to our
estimates of losses and loss adjustment expenses. We manage this uncertainty
through internal controls and oversight of the loss reserve setting process, as
well as reviews by external experts. See Item 1. Business – A review of
Liability for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses herein for further information.

•

Underwriting - 

The potential inadequacy of premiums charged for future
risk periods on risks underwritten in our portfolios can impact the 
Non-Life
Insurance Companies’ 
ability to achieve an
underwriting profit. We develop pricing based on our estimates of losses and
expenses, but factors such as market pressures and the inherent uncertainty and
complexity in estimating losses may result in premiums that are inadequate to
generate underwriting profit. This may be driven by adverse economic
conditions, unanticipated emergence of risks or increase in frequency of
claims, worse than expected prepayment of policies, investment results, or unexpected
or increased costs or expenses. 

•

Catastrophe
Exposure - 

Our business is exposed to various catastrophic events in
which multiple losses can occur and affect multiple lines of business in any
calendar year. Natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes and other
catastrophes, have the potential to adversely affect our operating results.
Other risks, such as man-made catastrophes or pandemic disease, could also
adversely affect our business and operating results to the extent they are
covered by our insurance products. Concentration of exposure in certain
industries or geographies may cause us to suffer disproportionate losses.

•

Single
Risk Loss Exposure

– 

 Our business
is exposed to loss events that have the potential to generate losses from a
single insured client. Events such as fires or explosions can result in loss activity
for our clients. The net risk to us is managed to acceptable limits established
by our GRC through a combination of internal underwriting standards and
external reinsurance. Furthermore, single risk loss exposure is managed and
monitored on both a segregated and aggregated basis. 

•

Reinsurance 

- 

Since we use reinsurance to limit our losses, we are
exposed to risks associated with reinsurance including the unrecoverability of
expected payments from reinsurers either due to an inability or unwillingness
to pay, contracts that do not respond properly to the event, or that actual
reinsurance coverage is different than anticipated.

The inability
or unwillingness to pay is considered credit risk and is monitored through our
credit risk management framework.

Natural
Catastrophe Risk

We manage catastrophe exposure with multiple approaches such
as setting risk limits based on aggregate Probable Maximum Loss (PML) modeling,
monitoring overall exposures and risk accumulations, and purchasing catastrophe
reinsurance through both the traditional reinsurance and capital markets in
addition to other reinsurance protections.

We use third-party catastrophe risk models and other tools
to evaluate and simulate frequency and severity of catastrophic events and
associated losses to our portfolios of exposures. We apply a proprietary
multi-model approach to account for 

 183

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

relative
strengths and weaknesses of vendor models, and make adjustments to modeled
losses to account for loss adjustment expenses, model biases, data quality and
non-modeled risks.

We perform post-catastrophe event studies to identify model
weaknesses, underwriting gaps, and improvement opportunities. 
Lessons learned from 
post-catastrophe event 
studies are incorporated into the modeling and underwriting
processes of risk pricing and selection. The majority of policies exposed to
catastrophic risks are one-year contracts which allow us to adjust our underwriting
guidelines, pricing and exposure accumulation in a relatively short period. 

We recognize that climate change has implications for 
insurance
industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. With multiple levels of risk
management processes in place, we actively analyze the latest climate science
and policy to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models
and strategic planning. For example, we continually consider changes in climate
and weather patterns as an integral part of the underwriting process. In
addition, we are committed to providing innovative insurance products and
services to help our clients be proactive against the threat of climate change,
including expanding natural disaster resilience, promoting adaptation, and reducing
greenhouse gas emissions. Our internal product development, underwriting,
modeling, and sustainability practices will continue to adapt to and evolve
with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change.

Our natural catastrophe exposure is primarily driven by the
U.S. and Japan, though our overall exposure is diversified across multiple
countries. For example, we have exposures to additional perils such as European
windstorms and floods. Within the U.S., we have significant hurricane exposure
in Florida, the Gulf of Mexico, Northeast U.S. and mid-Atlantic regions. Events
impacting the Northeast U.S. and the mid-Atlantic may result in a higher share
of industry losses than other regions primarily due to our relative share of
exposure in those regions. Within the U.S., we have significant earthquake
exposure in California, the Pacific Northwest and New Madrid regions.
Earthquakes impacting the Pacific Northwest and New Madrid regions may result
in a higher share of industry losses than other regions primarily due to our
relative share of exposure in these regions.

The estimates below are the Occurrence Exceedance
Probability (OEP) losses, which reflect losses that may occur in any single event
due to the defined peril. The 1-in-100 and 1-in-250 PMLs are the probable
maximum losses from a single natural catastrophe event with probability of 1 percent
and 0.4 percent in a year, respectively.  

The following table presents an overview of OEP modeled
losses for top perils and countries. 

 At December
 31, 2015

 Net of 2016

 Net of 2016

 Percent of Total

 (in
 millions)

 Gross 

 Reinsurance

 Reinsurance, After Tax

 Shareholder Equity

 Exposures:

 U.S.
 Hurricane (1-in-100)(a)

 $

 5,332

 $

 3,144

 $

 2,044

 2.3

 %

 U.S.
 Earthquake (1-in-250)(b)

 7,484

 3,827

 2,487

 2.8

 Japanese
 Wind (1-in-100)

 936

 523

 340

 0.4

 Japanese
 Earthquake (1-in-250)(c)

 $

 993

 $

 601

 $

 391

 0.4

 %

(a)

The U.S. hurricane amount
includes losses to Property from hurricane hazards of wind and storm surge.

(b)

U.S. earthquake loss estimates
represent exposure to Property, Workers’ Compensation (U.S.) and A&H
business lines.

(c)

Japan Earthquake represents
exposure to Property and A&H business lines.

The OEP estimates provided above reflect our in-force
portfolios at September 30, 2015, for both U.S. and Japan exposures. The
catastrophe reinsurance program is as of January 1, 2016.

As noted above, AIG, along with other non-life insurance and
reinsurance companies, utilizes industry-recognized catastrophe models and
apply their proprietary modeling processes and assumptions to arrive at loss
estimates. The use of different methodologies and assumptions could materially
change the projected losses. Since there is no industry standard for
assumptions and preparation of insured data for use in these models, modeled
losses may not be comparable to estimates made by other companies. 

Also, the modeled results are based on the assumption that
all reinsurers fulfill their obligations to us under the terms of the
reinsurance arrangements and all catastrophe bonds attach and pay as modeled. However,
reinsurance recoverable may not be fully collectible. In particular, the use of
catastrophe bonds may not provide commensurate levels of protection compared to

 184

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

traditional reinsurance transactions. Therefore,
these estimates are inherently uncertain and may not accurately reflect our
exposure to these events. 

Our 2016 catastrophe reinsurance program includes coverage
for natural catastrophes and some coverage for terrorism events. It consists of
a large North American occurrence cover (without reinstatement) to protect
against large North America losses, and Japan occurrence and aggregate covers
to protect against losses in Japan. The attachment point for this reinsurance
program is at $3 billion for the North American cover and varies by line of
business for the Japan covers.  

Actual results in any period are likely to vary, perhaps
materially, from the modeled scenarios. The occurrence of one or more severe
events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results
of operations and liquidity. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors — Reserves and
Exposures for additional information.

Terrorism
Risk

We actively monitor terrorism risk and manage exposures to
losses from terrorist attacks. We have set risk limits based on modeled losses
from certain terrorism attack scenarios. Terrorism risks are modeled using a third-party
vendor model and various terrorism attack modes and scenarios. Adjustments are
made to account for vendor model gaps and the nature of the Non-Life Insurance
Companies exposures. Examples of modeled scenarios are conventional bombs of
different sizes, anthrax attacks and nuclear attacks.

Our largest terrorism exposures are in New York City, and
estimated losses are largely driven by the Property and Workers’ Compensation
lines of business. At our largest exposure location, modeled losses for a
five-ton bomb attack net of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program
Reauthorization Act (TRIPRA) and reinsurance recoveries are estimated to be $3
billion as of September 30, 2015. We also have smaller terrorism exposure in
Canadian cities and in London. 

Our exposure to terrorism risk is mitigated by TRIPRA in
addition to limited private reinsurance protections. TRIPRA covers terrorist
attacks within the United States or U.S. missions and against certain U.S.
carriers or vessels and excludes certain lines of business as specified by
applicable law. In 2016, TRIPRA covers 84 percent of insured losses above a
deductible, decreasing by one percent each year to 80 percent in 2020. The
current estimate of our deductible is approximately $2.7 billion for 2015.  

We offer terrorism coverage in many other countries through
various insurance products and participate in country terrorism pools when
applicable. International terrorism exposure is estimated using scenario-based
modeling and exposure concentration is monitored routinely. Targeted
reinsurance purchases are made for some lines of business to cover potential losses
due to terrorist attacks.

Mortgage
Risk

For Mortgage Guaranty, the potential exposure to loss is due
to borrower default on a first-lien residential mortgage; the primary drivers
of this risk are changes in mortgage underwriting standards, home price
depreciation, changes in the unemployment rate, changes in mortgage rates, and
mortgagee behavior.

Mortgage Guaranty manages the quality of the loans it
insures through use of a proprietary risk quality index. Mortgage Guaranty uses
this index to determine an insurability threshold as well as to manage the risk
distribution of its new business. Along with traditional mortgage underwriting
variables, Mortgage Guaranty’s risk-based pricing model uses rating factors
such as local housing economic conditions to establish premium rates.

Reinsurance
Recoverable

AIG’s reinsurance recoverable assets are comprised of:

 185

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

•

Paid losses recoverable – balances due from reinsurers for losses and
loss adjustment expenses paid by our subsidiaries and billed, but not yet
collected.

•

Ceded loss
reserves – ultimate ceded reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses,
including reserves for claims reported but not yet paid and estimates for IBNR.

•

Ceded reserves
for unearned premiums.

At December 31, 2015,
total reinsurance recoverable assets were $20.4 billion. These assets
include general reinsurance paid losses recoverable of $1.2 billion, ceded
loss reserves of $14.5 billion including reserves for IBNR, and ceded
reserves for unearned premiums of $3.0 billion, as well as life reinsurance recoverables
of $1.7 billion. The methods used to estimate IBNR and to establish the
resulting ultimate losses involve projecting the frequency and severity of
losses over multiple years. These methods are continually reviewed and updated
by management. Any adjustments are reflected in income. We believe that the amount
recorded for ceded loss reserves at December 31, 2015 reflects a
reasonable estimate of the ultimate losses recoverable. Actual losses may,
however, differ, perhaps materially, from the reserves currently ceded.

The Reinsurance Credit Department (RCD) conducts periodic
detailed assessments of the financial strength and condition of current and
potential reinsurers, both foreign and domestic. The RCD monitors both the
financial condition of reinsurers as well as the total reinsurance recoverable
ceded to reinsurers, and set limits with regard to the amount and type or
exposure we are willing to take with reinsurers. As part of these assessments,
we attempt to identify whether a reinsurer is appropriately licensed, assess
its financial capacity and liquidity; and evaluate the local economic and
financial environment in which a foreign reinsurer operates. The RCD reviews
the nature of the risks ceded and the need for measures, including collateral
to mitigate credit risk. For example, in our treaty reinsurance contracts, we
frequently include provisions that allow us to require a reinsurer to post
collateral or use other measures to reduce exposure when a referenced event
occurs. Furthermore, we limit our unsecured exposure to reinsurers through the
use of credit triggers such as insurer financial strength rating downgrades,
declines in regulatory capital, or specified declines in risk-based capital
(RBC) ratios. We also set maximum limits for reinsurance recoverable exposure,
which in some cases is the recoverable amount plus an estimate of the maximum
potential exposure from unexpected events for a reinsurer. In addition, credit
executives within ERM review reinsurer exposures and credit limits and approve
reinsurer credit limits above specified levels. Finally, even where we conclude
that uncollateralized credit risk is acceptable, we require collateral from
active reinsurance counterparties where it is necessary for our subsidiaries to
recognize the reinsurance recoverable assets for statutory accounting purposes.
At December 31, 2015, we held $7.4 billion of collateral, in the form of funds
withheld, securities in reinsurance trust accounts and/or irrevocable letters
of credit, in support of reinsurance recoverable assets from unaffiliated
reinsurers. We believe that no exposure to a single reinsurer represents an
inappropriate concentration of risk to us, nor is our business substantially
dependent upon any single reinsurance contract.

The following table presents information for each
reinsurer representing in excess of five percent of our total reinsurance
recoverable assets:

 At December 31, 2015

 A.M.

 Gross

 Percent
 of

 Uncollateralized

 S&P

 Best

 Reinsurance

 Reinsurance

 Collateral

 Reinsurance

 (in millions)

 Rating
(a)

 Rating
(a)

 Assets

 Assets
(b)

 Held
(c)

 Assets

 Reinsurer:

 Swiss Reinsurance Group of Companies

 AA-

 A+

 $

 2,553

 12.5

 %

 $

 733

 $

 1,820

 Berkshire Hathaway Group of Companies

 AA+

 A++

 $

 2,275

 (d)

 11.1

 %

 $

 1,408

 $

 867

 Munich Reinsurance Group of Companies

 AA-

 A+

 $

 1,637

 8.0

 %

 $

 660

 $

 977

(a) The
financial strength ratings reflect the ratings of the various reinsurance
subsidiaries of the companies listed as of February 5, 2016.

(b) Total
reinsurance assets include both the Non-Life Insurance Companies and the Life
Insurance Companies reinsurance recoverable.

(c)  Excludes
collateral held in excess of applicable balances. 

(d) Includes
$1.8 billion recoverable under the 2011 retroactive reinsurance transaction pursuant
to which a large portion of the Non-Life Insurance Companies  net domestic
asbestos liabilities were transferred to NICO. Does not include reinsurance
assets ceded to other reinsurers for which NICO has assumed the collection
risk. See Liability for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses — Transfer
of Domestic Asbestos Liabilities.

At
December 31, 2015, we had no significant general reinsurance recoverable
due from any individual reinsurer that was financially troubled. 

Reinsurer capital levels continued to increase in 2015,
thereby increasing

 the industry’s underwriting
capacity. This increased capacity has resulted in increased competition and
lower rates for 2016 renewals. Reduced profitability associated with lower
rates could potentially result in reduced capacity or rating downgrades for
some reinsurers. 

 186

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

The RCD, in conjunction with the
credit executives within ERM, reviews these developments, monitors compliance
with credit triggers that may require the reinsurer to post collateral, and
seeks to use other appropriate means to mitigate any material risks arising
from these developments

. 

See Item 7. MD&A – Critical Accounting Estimates –
Reinsurance Assets for further discussion of reinsurance recoverable. 

Life
Insurance Companies Key Insurance Risks

Our Retirement and Life segments manage risk through product
design, experience monitoring, pricing actions, risk limitations, reinsurance
and active monitoring and management of the relationships between assets and
liabilities, including hedging. 

For our Retirement and Life products offered by the Life
Insurance Companies, key insurance risks include the following:

•

Mortality risk – 

represents
the risk of loss arising from actual mortality rates being higher than expected
mortality rates.  This risk could arise from pandemics or other events,
including longer-term societal changes that cause higher than expected mortality.
This risk exists in a number of our product lines, but is most significant for
our life insurance products.

•

Longevity risk

 – represents the risk of a change in value of a policy or
benefit as a result of actual mortality rates being lower than the expected
mortality rates. This risk could arise from longer-term societal health changes
as well as other factors. This risk exists in a number of our product lines but
is most significant for our retirement, institutional and annuity products.

•

Policyholder behavior risk
including surrender/lapse risk

 – represents
the risk that actual policyholder behavior differs from expected behavior in a
manner that has an adverse effect on our results of operations. There are many
assumptions made when products are sold, including how long the contracts will
persist. Actual experience can vary significantly from these assumptions.  This
risk is impacted by a number of factors including changes in market conditions,
especially interest rate and equity market changes, tax law, regulations and
policyholder preferences. This risk exists in the majority of our product
lines.

•

Interest rate risk

 -
represents the potential for loss due to a change in interest rates. Interest
rate risk is measured with respect to assets, liabilities (both
insurance-related and financial) and derivatives. This risk manifests itself
when interest rates move significantly in a short period of time. 
Rapidly
rising interest rates create the potential for increased surrenders. Interest
rate risk
 can also manifest itself over a longer
period of time, such as in a persistent low interest rate environment. 
Low
long-term interest rates put pressure on investment returns, which may
negatively affect sales of interest rate sensitive products and reduce future profits
on certain existing fixed rate products
. 

•

Equity risk

 –
represents the potential for loss due to changes in equity prices. It affects
equity-linked insurance products, including but not limited to index annuities,
variable annuities (and associated guaranteed living and death benefits, as
discussed below), universal life insurance and variable universal life
insurance. In addition, changes in the volatility of equity prices can affect
the valuation of insurance features that are accounted for as embedded
derivatives and the related economic hedges.

The emergence of significant adverse experience compared to
the initial assumptions at policy issuance or updated assumption would require
an adjustment to DAC and benefit reserves, which could have a material adverse
effect on our consolidated results of operations for a particular period. For
additional discussion of the impact of actual and expected experience on DAC
and benefit reserves, see Critical Accounting Estimates – Future Policy
Benefits for Life and Accident and Health (Life Insurance Companies) and
Critical Accounting Estimates – Guaranteed Benefit Features of Variable Annuity
Products (Life Insurance Companies). For additional discussion of business risks,
see Item 1A. Risk Factors — Business and Operations.

Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging Program

Our Retirement Income
Solutions and Group Retirement businesses offer variable annuity products with
riders that guarantee a certain level of benefits. Certain guaranteed living
benefits, which include GMWB and GMAB, are accounted for as 

 187

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

embedded derivatives measured at fair value, with
changes in the fair value recorded in Other realized capital gains (losses).
GMWB and GMAB features subject the Life Insurance Companies to market risk,
including exposure to changes in interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads
and market volatility.

Variable annuity product design is the first step
in managing our exposure to these market risks. Risk mitigation features of our
variable annuity product design include GMWB rider fees indexed to an equity
market volatility index, which can provide additional fee assessments in
periods of market volatility, required minimum allocations to fixed accounts to
reduce overall equity exposure, and the utilization of volatility control
funds, which reduce equity exposure in the funds in response to changes in
market volatility, even under sudden or extreme market movements.

After reflecting our
product risk-mitigating features, we hedge our remaining economic exposure to
market risk within GMWB and GMAB features through our variable annuity hedging
program, which is designed to offset certain changes in the economic value of
these GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives, within established thresholds. The
hedging program is designed to provide additional protection against large and
combined movements in interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads and market volatility
under multiple scenarios.

Our hedging program
utilizes an economic hedge target, which represents our estimate of the
underlying economic drivers of these embedded derivatives, based on the present
value of the future expected benefit payments for the GMWB and GMAB, less the
present value of future rider fees, over numerous stochastic scenarios.  This
stochastic projection method uses best estimate assumptions for policyholder
behavior (including mortality, lapses, withdrawals and benefit utilization) in
conjunction with market scenarios calibrated to observable equity and interest rate
option prices. 
Policyholder behaviors are regularly evaluated to compare
current assumptions to actual experience and, if appropriate, changes are made
to the policyholder behavior assumptions. The risk of changes in policyholder
behavior is not explicitly hedged and such differences between expected and
actual policyholder behaviors may result in hedge ineffectiveness.

Due to differences between the calculation of the
economic hedge target and U.S. GAAP valuation of the embedded derivative, which
include differences in the treatment of rider fees and exclusion of certain
risk margins and other differences in discount rates, we expect relative movements
in the economic hedge target and the U.S. GAAP embedded derivative valuation
will vary over time with changes in equity markets, interest rates and credit
spreads.  See Results of Operations – Life Insurance Companies DAC and Reserves
- Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefit Features and Hedging Program for
information on the impact on our consolidated pre-tax income from the change in
fair value of the embedded derivatives and the hedging portfolio, as well as
additional discussion of differences between the economic hedge target and the
valuation of the embedded derivatives.

In designing our hedging portfolio, we make
assumptions and projections about the future performance of the underlying
contract holder funds. To project future account value changes, we make
assumptions about how each of the underlying funds will perform. We map the
contract holder funds to a set of publicly traded indices that we believe best
represent the liability to be hedged. Basis risk exists due to the variance
between these assumptions and actual fund returns, which may result in
variances between changes in the hedging portfolio and changes in the economic
hedge target. Net hedge results and the cost of hedging are also impacted by
differences between realized volatility and implied volatility.

To manage the capital market exposures embedded
within the economic hedge target, we identify and hedge market sensitivities to
changes in equity markets, interest rates, volatility and credit spreads.  The
hedge program purchases derivative instruments or securities having
sensitivities that offset those in the economic hedge target, within internally
defined threshold levels.  Since the relative movements of the hedging
portfolio and the economic hedge target vary over time or with market changes,
the net exposure can be outside the threshold limits, and adjustments to the
hedging portfolio are made periodically to return the net exposure to within
threshold limits. 

Our hedging program utilizes various derivative
instruments, including but not limited to equity options, futures contracts,
interest rate swaps and swaption contracts, as well as other hedging
instruments.  In addition, we purchase certain fixed income securities and
elect the fair value option as a capital efficient way to manage interest rate
and credit spread exposures.  To minimize counterparty credit risk, the
majority of our derivative instrument hedges are implemented using
exchange-traded futures and options, cleared through global exchanges. Over the
counter derivatives are highly collateralized.

The hedging program is monitored on a daily basis
to ensure that the economic hedge target and derivative portfolio are within
the threshold limits, pursuant to the approved hedge strategy.  Daily risk
monitoring verifies that the net risk exposures, as measured through
sensitivities to a large set of market shocks, are within the approved net risk
exposure threshold limits.  In addition, monthly stress tests are performed to
determine the program’s effectiveness relative to the applicable limits, under
an 

 188

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 enterprise risk management

array of combined severe market stresses in equity
prices, interest rates, volatility and credit spreads.  Finally, hedge
strategies are reviewed regularly to gauge their effectiveness in managing our
market exposures in the context of our overall risk appetite.

Other
Operations Risks

Derivative
Transactions 

We utilize derivatives principally to enable us to hedge
exposure to interest rates, currencies, credit, commodities, equities and other
risks. Credit risk associated with derivative counterparties exists for a
derivative contract when that contract has a positive fair value to us. The
maximum potential exposure will increase or decrease during the life of the
derivative commitments as a function of maturity and market conditions.  All
derivative transactions must be transacted within counterparty limits that have
been approved by ERM.

We evaluate counterparty credit quality by internal analysis
consistent with the AIG Credit Policy.  We utilize various credit enhancements,
including letters of credit, guarantees, collateral, credit triggers, credit
derivatives, margin agreements and subordination to reduce the credit risk
relating to outstanding financial derivative transactions. We require credit
enhancements in connection with specific transactions based on, among other
things, the creditworthiness of the counterparties, and transaction size and
maturity. Furthermore, we enter into certain agreements that have the benefit
of set-off and close-out netting provisions, such as ISDA Master Agreements.
These provisions provide that, in the case of an early termination of a
transaction, we can set off receivables from a counterparty against payables to
the same counterparty arising out of all covered transactions. As a result,
where a legally enforceable netting agreement exists, the fair value of the
transaction with the counterparty represents the net sum of estimated fair
values.

The fair value of our interest rate, currency, credit, commodity
and equity swaps, options, swaptions, and forward commitments, futures, and
forward contracts reported as a component of Other Assets, was approximately
$1.3 billion at December 31, 2015 and $1.6 billion at December 31,
2014. Where applicable, these amounts have been determined in accordance with
the respective master netting agreements.

The following table presents the fair value of our
derivatives portfolios in asset positions by internal counterparty credit
rating:

 At December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 Rating:

    AAA

 $

 56

 $

 11

    AA

 103

 129

    A

 256

 441

    BBB

 767

 838

    Below investment grade

 127

 184

 Total

 $

 1,309

 $

 1,603

See Note 10
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion related to
derivative transactions.

AIG
Parent and Other

The major risk for investments in life settlements is
longevity risk, which represents the risk of a change in the carrying value of the
contracts arising from actual mortality rates being lower than the expected
mortality rates. This risk could arise from longer term societal health changes
as well as other factors.

 189

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

 Critical
 Accounting Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with
U.S. GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a
significant degree of judgment.

 The
 accounting policies that we believe are most dependent on the application of
 estimates and assumptions, which are critical accounting estimates, are
 related to the determination of:

 •

income tax assets and liabilities, including recoverability of our net
 deferred tax asset and the predictability of future tax operating
 profitability of the character necessary to realize the net deferred tax
 asset;

•

liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses;

•

reinsurance assets;

•

valuation of future policy benefit liabilities and timing and extent
 of loss recognition;

•

valuation of liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of variable
 annuity products;

•

estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs for
 investment-oriented products;

•

impairment charges, including other-than-temporary impairments on
 available for sale securities, impairments on other invested assets,
 including investments in life settlements, and goodwill impairment;

•

liability for legal contingencies; and

•

fair value
 measurements of certain financial assets and liabilities.

These accounting estimates require the use of assumptions
about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. To
the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used, our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially
affected. 

The major assumptions used to establish each critical
accounting estimate are discussed below.

Income
Taxes 

Recoverability
of Net Deferred Tax Asset

The evaluation of the recoverability of our net deferred tax
asset and the need for a valuation allowance requires us to weigh all positive
and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not
that all or some portion of the net deferred tax asset will not be realized.
The weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it
can be objectively verified. The more negative evidence that exists, the more
positive evidence is necessary and the more difficult it is to support a
conclusion that a valuation allowance is not needed.

We consider a number of factors to reliably estimate future
taxable income so we can determine the extent of our ability to realize net
operating losses (NOLs), foreign tax credits (FTCs), realized capital loss and
other carryforwards. These factors include forecasts of future income for each
of our businesses and actual and planned business and operational changes, both
of which include assumptions about future macroeconomic and AIG‑specific
conditions and events. We subject the forecasts to stresses of key assumptions
and evaluate the effect on tax attribute utilization. We also apply stresses to
our assumptions about the effectiveness of relevant prudent and feasible tax
planning strategies. Our income forecasts, coupled with our tax 

 190

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

planning strategies, all resulted in sufficient taxable
income to achieve realization of the U.S. tax attributes prior to their
expiration.

We separately assess the recoverability of our net deferred
tax asset related to unrealized tax capital losses in the U.S. Life Insurance
Companies’ available for sale portfolio. The deferred tax asset relates to the
unrealized losses for which the carryforward period has not yet begun, as such when
assessing its recoverability we consider our ability and intent to hold the
underlying securities to recovery.  As of December 31, 2015, based on all
available evidence, we concluded that a valuation allowance should be
established on a portion of the deferred tax asset related to unrealized losses
that are not more-likely-than-not to be realized. 

See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a
discussion of our framework for assessing the recoverability of our deferred
tax asset.

Uncertain
Tax Positions

Our accounting for income taxes,
including uncertain tax positions, represents management’s best estimate of
various events and transactions, and requires judgment.  FASB Interpretation
No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes” (FIN 48) (now incorporated
into Accounting Standards Codification, 740, Income Taxes) prescribes a
recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement
recognition and measurement of an income tax position taken or expected to be
taken in a tax return. The standard also provides guidance on derecognition,
classification, interest and penalties and additional disclosures. We determine
whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained, based
on technical merits, upon examination by the relevant taxing authorities before
any part of the benefit can be recognized in the financial statements. A tax
position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50%
likely of being realized upon settlement.

We classify interest expense and
penalties recognized on income taxes as a component of income taxes.

U.S.
Income Taxes on Earnings of Certain Foreign Subsidiaries

The U.S. federal income tax laws applicable to determining
the amount of income taxes related to differences between the book carrying
amounts and tax bases of subsidiaries are complex. Determining the amount also
requires significant judgment and reliance on reasonable assumptions and
estimates. 

Insurance
Liabilities

Liability
for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses (Non-Life Insurance Companies)

The estimate of the Liability for unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses consists of several key judgments: 

•

the determination of the actuarial models used as the basis for these
estimates;  

•

the relative weights given to these models by class;

•

the underlying assumptions used in these models; and 

•

the determination of the appropriate groupings of similar classes and,
in some cases, the segmentation of dissimilar claims within a class. 

We use numerous assumptions in determining the best estimate
of reserves for each class of business. The importance of any specific
assumption can vary by both class of business and accident year. Because actual
experience can differ from key assumptions used in establishing reserves, there
is potential for significant variation in the development of loss reserves.
This 

 191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

is particularly true for long-tail casualty
classes of business such as excess casualty, asbestos, D&O, and primary or
excess workers’ compensation.

All of our methods to calculate net reserves include
assumptions about estimated reinsurance recoveries and their collectability.
Reinsurance collectability is evaluated independently of the reserving process
and appropriate allowances for uncollectible reinsurance are established.

In some of our estimation processes we rely on the claims
department estimates of our case reserves as an input to our best estimate of
the ultimate loss cost.

Overview of Loss Reserving Process and Methods

The Non-Life Insurance Companies’ loss reserves can
generally be categorized into two distinct groups. Short-tail classes of
business consist principally of property, Personal Insurance and certain
casualty classes. Long-tail casualty classes of business include excess and
umbrella liability, D&O, professional liability, medical malpractice,
workers’ compensation, general liability, products liability and related
classes.

Short-Tail Reserves

For operations writing short-tail coverages,

 where
the nature of claims is low frequency and high severity such as property, the
process for recording non-catastrophe quarterly loss reserves for more recent
accident quarters is geared toward maintaining incurred but not reported
reserves (IBNR) based on percentages of net earned premiums for that business,
rather than projecting ultimate loss ratios based on reported losses. For
example, the IBNR reserve required for the latest accident quarter for a class
of property business might be approximately 20 percent of the quarter’s earned
premiums. This level of reserve would generally be recorded regardless of the
actual losses reported in the current quarter. The percent of premium factor
reflects both our expectation of the ultimate loss costs associated with the
class of business and the expectation of the  percentage of ultimate loss costs
that have not yet been reported.  The expected ultimate loss costs generally
reflect the average loss costs from a period of preceding accident quarters that
have been adjusted for changes in rate and loss cost levels, mix of business,
known exposure to unreported losses, or other factors affecting the particular
class of business. The expected percentage of ultimate loss costs that have not
yet been reported would be derived from historical loss emergence patterns. For
more mature quarters, loss development methods would be used to determine the
IBNR. For other classes where the nature of claims is high frequency low
severity, methods including loss development, frequency/severity or a multiple
of average monthly losses may be used to determine IBNR reserves. IBNR for
claims arising from catastrophic events or events of unusual severity would be
determined in close collaboration with the claims department, using alternative
techniques or expected percentages of ultimate loss cost emergence based on
historical loss emergence of similar claim types.

 192

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

Long-Tail Reserves

 Estimation of ultimate
 net losses and loss adjustment expenses (net losses) for long-tail casualty
 classes of business

 is a complex process and depends on a number of
 factors, including the class and volume of business, as well as estimates of
 the reinsurance recoverable. Experience in the more recent accident years
 shows limited statistical credibility in reported net losses on long-tail
 casualty classes of business. That is because a relatively low proportion of
 net incurred losses represents reported claims and expenses, and an even
 smaller percentage represents net losses paid. Therefore, IBNR constitutes a
 relatively high proportion of net losses.

 To
 estimate net losses for long-tail casualty classes 
 of business, we 

 use a variety of actuarial methods and assumptions.

 To estimate net losses for long-tail casualty classes
 of business,

 we use a variety of
 actuarial methods and assumptions and other analytical techniques as
 described below.  A detailed reserve review is generally performed at least
 once per year to allow for comprehensive actuarial evaluation and collaboration
 with claims, underwriting, business unit management, risk management and
 senior management.

We generally make a number of actuarial assumptions in
the review of reserves for each class of business.

 For
 longer-tail classes of business, we generally make actuarial assumptions with
 respect to the following:

 •

Loss cost trend
 factors

 which are used to establish
 expected loss ratios for subsequent accident years based on the projected
 loss ratios for prior accident years.

•

Expected loss
 ratios

 for the latest accident year
 (i.e., accident year 2015 for the year-end 2015 loss reserve analysis)
 and, in some cases for accident years prior to the latest accident year. The
 expected loss ratio generally reflects the projected loss ratio from prior
 accident years, adjusted for the loss trend and the effect of rate changes
 and other quantifiable factors on the loss ratio. For low-frequency,
 high-severity classes such as excess casualty, expected loss ratios generally
 are used for at least the three most recent accident years.

•

Loss development
 factors

 which are used to project the
 reported losses for each accident year to an ultimate basis. Generally, the
 actual loss development factors observed from prior accident years would be
 used as a basis to determine the lo
ss development factors for the
 subsequent accident years.

We record quarterly changes in loss reserves for each of the
Non-Life Insurance Companies classes of business.

 The overall change in our
loss reserves is based on the sum of the changes for all classes of business.
For most long-tail classes of business, the quarterly loss reserve changes are
based on the estimated current loss ratio for each class of coverage less any
amounts paid. Also, any change in estimated ultimate losses from prior accident
years deemed to be necessary based on the results of our latest reserve studies
or large loss analysis, either positive or negative, is reflected in the loss
reserve for the current quarter. Differences between actual loss emergence in a
given period compared to our expectations may also influence our judgment with
respect to reserve adequacy.

 193

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

Details of the Loss Reserving Process

The process of determining the
current loss ratio for each class of business is based on a variety of factors.

These include considerations such as: prior accident year and policy year loss
ratios; rate changes; and changes in coverage, reinsurance, or mix of business.
Other considerations include actual and anticipated changes in external factors
such as trends in loss costs, real gross domestic product (GDP) growth,
inflation, employment rates or unemployment duration, stock market volatility,
corporate bond spreads, or in the legal and claims environment. The current
loss ratio for each class of business is intended to represent our best
estimate of the current loss ratio after reflecting all of the relevant
factors. At the close of each quarter, the assumptions underlying the loss
ratios are reviewed to determine if the loss ratios remain appropriate. This
process includes a review of the actual claims experience in the quarter,
actual rate changes achieved, actual changes in coverage, reinsurance or mix of
business, and changes in other factors that may affect the loss ratio. When
this review suggests that the initially determined loss ratio is no longer
appropriate, the loss ratio for current business is changed to reflect the
revised assumptions.

We conduct a comprehensive loss reserve review at least
annually for each class of business in accordance with Actuarial Standards of
Practice.

These standards provide
that the unpaid claim estimate may be presented in a variety of ways, such as a
point estimate, a range of estimates, a point estimate based on the expected
value of several reasonable estimates, or a probability distribution of the
unpaid claim amount. Further, the actuarial central estimate represents an
expected value using the range of reasonably possible outcomes.

The reserve analysis for each class of business is performed
by the actuarial personnel who are most familiar with that class of business.
In this process, the actuaries are required to make numerous assumptions,
including the selection of loss development factors and loss cost trend
factors. They are also required to determine and select the most appropriate
actuarial methods for each business class. Additionally, they must determine
the segmentation of data that will enable the most suitable test of reserve
adequacy. In the course of these detailed reserve reviews an actuarial central
estimate of the loss reserve is determined. The sum of these central estimates
for each class of business provides an overall actuarial central estimate of
the loss reserve for that class. 

We selected our central estimate based on point estimates
from each method with weights that vary by accident year. In 2015, we began developing
our ranges of reasonable estimates for certain classes by evaluating ranges derived
from multiple methodologies. We considered the range of reasonable parameter
selections (for example, three-year versus ten-year average loss development
factors) for each appropriate method  and calculated a range of indications for
each method.  Where we have ranges, we assess the position of the actuarial
central estimate in the range to help inform management’s decision making. The range
of reasonable estimates are not intended to cover all possibilities or extreme
values.

We continue to consult with third party environmental
litigation and engineering specialists, third party toxic tort claims
professionals, third party clinical and public health specialists, third party
workers’ compensation claims adjusters and third party actuarial advisors to
help inform our judgments.  In 2015, the third party actuarial reviews
covered the majority of net reserves held for our Commercial long-tail classes
of business, and run-off portfolios reported in Corporate and Other. 

A critical component of our detailed valuation reviews is
our peer review of our reserving analyses and conclusions, where actuaries
independent of the initial review evaluate the reasonableness of assumptions
used, methods selected and weightings given to different methods.  In addition,
each detailed valuation review is subjected to a challenge process by
specialists in our Enterprise Risk Management group.

 194

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

 In determining the actual carried
 reserves, we consider both the internal actuarial best estimate and numerous
 other internal and external factors, including:

 •

an assessment of economic conditions including
 real GDP growth, inflation, employment rates or unemployment duration, stock
 market volatility and changes in corporate bond spreads;

•

changes in the legal, regulatory, judicial
 and social environment including changes in
 road safety, public health and cleanup standards;

•

changes in medical cost trends (inflation,
 intensity and utilization of medical services) and wage inflation trends

•

underlying policy pricing, terms and
 conditions 
including attachment points and policy limits
;  

•

claims handling
 processes and
 enhancements
;  

•

third-party claims reviews that are
 periodically performed for key classes of claims such as toxic tort,
 environmental and other complex casualty claims and

•

third-party actuarial reviews that are
 periodically performed for key classes of business.

Loss reserve development can also be affected by
commutations of assumed and ceded reinsurance agreements.

Actuarial and Other Methods for Major Classes of Business

In
testing the reserves for each class of business

, our actuaries
determine the most appropriate actuarial methods. This determination is based
on a variety of factors including the nature of the claims associated with the
class of business, such as the frequency or severity of the claims. Other
considerations include the loss development characteristics associated with the
claims, the volume of claim data available for the applicable class, and the
applicability of various actuarial methods to the class. In addition to
determining the actuarial methods, the actuaries determine the appropriate loss
reserve groupings of data. For example, we write many unique subclasses of
professional liability. For pricing or other purposes, it is appropriate to
evaluate the profitability of each subclass individually. However, for purposes
of estimating the loss reserves for many classes of business, we believe it is
appropriate to combine the subclasses into larger groups to produce a greater
degree of credibility in the claims experience. This determination of data
segmentation and actuarial methods is carefully considered for each class of business.
The segmentation and actuarial methods chosen are those which together are
expected to produce the most robust central estimate of the loss reserves.

The actuarial methods we use for most long-tail casualty
classes of business include loss development methods, expected loss ratio
methods, including “Bornhuetter Ferguson” methods described below, and
frequency/severity models.

 Loss development methods utilize the actual loss
development patterns from prior accident years to project the reported losses
to an ultimate basis for subsequent accident years. Loss development methods
generally are most appropriate for classes of business which exhibit a
stable pattern of loss development from one accident year to the next, and for
which the components of the classes have similar development characteristics.
For example, property exposures would generally not be combined into the same
class as casualty exposures, and primary casualty exposures would generally not
be combined into the same class as excess casualty exposures. In 2015, we
continued to refine our loss reserving techniques for the domestic primary
casualty classes of business and adopted further segmentations based on our
analysis of the differing emerging loss patterns for certain classes of insureds.
We generally use expected loss ratio methods in cases where the reported loss
data lacks sufficient credibility to utilize loss development methods, such as
for new classes of business or for long-tail classes at early stages of loss
development.  Frequency/severity models may be used where sufficient frequency
counts are available to apply such approaches.

Expected loss ratio methods rely on the application of an
expected loss ratio to the earned premium for the class of business to
determine the loss reserves.

 For example, an expected loss ratio of
70 percent applied to an earned premium base of $10 million for a
class of business would generate an ultimate loss estimate of $7 million.
Subtracting any reported paid losses and loss adjustment expenses would result
in the indicated loss reserve for this class. Under the “Bornhuetter Ferguson”
methods, the expected loss ratio is applied only to the expected unreported
portion of the losses. For example, for a 

 195

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

long-tail
class of business for which only 10 percent of the losses are expected to
be reported at the end of the accident year, the expected loss ratio would be
applied to the 90 percent of the losses still unreported. The actual
reported losses at the end of the accident year would be added to determine the
total ultimate loss estimate for the accident year. Subtracting the reported
paid losses and loss adjustment expenses would result in the indicated loss
reserve. In the example above, the expected loss ratio of 70 percent would
be multiplied by 90 percent. The result of 63 percent would be
applied to the earned premium of $10 million resulting in an estimated
unreported loss of $6.3 million. Actual reported losses would be added to
arrive at the total ultimate losses. If the reported losses were $1 million,
the ultimate loss estimate under the “Bornhuetter Ferguson” method would be
$7.3 million versus the $7 million amount under the expected loss
ratio method described above. Thus, the “Bornhuetter Ferguson” method gives
partial credibility to the actual loss experience to date for the class of
business. Loss development methods generally give full credibility to the
reported loss experience to date. In the example above, loss development
methods would typically indicate an ultimate loss estimate of $10 million,
as the reported losses of $1 million would be estimated to reflect only
10 percent of the ultimate losses.

A key advantage of loss development methods is that they
respond more quickly to any actual changes in loss costs for the class of
business. Therefore, if loss experience is unexpectedly deteriorating or
improving, the loss development method gives full credibility to the changing
experience. Expected loss ratio methods would be slower to respond to the
change, as they would continue to give more weight to the expected loss ratio,
until enough evidence emerged to modify the expected loss ratio to reflect the
changing loss experience. On the other hand, loss development methods have the
disadvantage of overreacting to changes in reported losses if the loss
experience is not credible. For example, the presence or absence of large
losses at the early stages of loss development could cause the loss development
method to overreact to the favorable or unfavorable experience by assuming it
will continue at later stages of development. In these instances, expected loss
ratio methods such as “Bornhuetter Ferguson” have the advantage of recognizing
large losses without extrapolating unusual large loss activity onto the
unreported portion of the losses for the accident year. 

Frequency/severity methods generally rely on the
determination of an ultimate number of claims and an average severity for each
claim for each accident year.

 Multiplying the estimated ultimate number of
claims for each accident year by the expected average severity of each claim
produces the estimated ultimate loss for the accident year. Frequency/severity
methods generally require a sufficient volume of claims in order for the
average severity to be predictable. Average severity for subsequent accident
years is generally determined by applying an estimated annual loss cost trend
to the estimated average claim severity from prior accident years. In certain
cases, a structural approach may also be used to predict the ultimate loss cost.
Frequency/severity methods have the advantage that ultimate claim counts can
generally be estimated more quickly and accurately than can ultimate losses.
Thus, if the average claim severity can be accurately estimated, these methods
can more quickly respond to changes in loss experience than other methods.
However, for average severity to be predictable, the class of business must
consist of homogeneous types of claims for which loss severity trends from one
year to the next are reasonably consistent. Generally these methods work best
for high frequency, low severity classes of business such as personal auto. 

Structural drivers analytics seek to explain the
underlying drivers of frequency/severity.

  A structural drivers analysis of
frequency/severity is particularly useful for understanding the key drivers of
uncertainty in the ultimate loss cost. For example, for the excess workers’
compensation class of business, we have attempted to corroborate our judgment
by considering the impact on severity of the future propensity for
deterioration of an injured worker’s medical condition, the impact of price
inflation on the various categories of medical expense and cost of living
adjustments on indemnity benefits, the impact of injured worker mortality and
claim specific settlement and loss mitigation strategies, etc., using the
following:

•

Claim by claim reviews to determine the stability and likelihood of
settling an injured worker’s indemnity and medical benefits – the claim file
review was facilitated by third party specialists experienced in workers’
compensation claims;

•

Analysis of the potential for future deterioration in medical condition
unlikely to be picked up by a claim file review and associated with potentially
costly medical procedures (i.e., increases in both utilization and intensity of
medical care) over the course of the injured worker’s lifetime;

•

 Analysis of the cost of medical price inflation for each category of
medical spend (services and devices) and for cost of living adjustments in line
with statutory requirements;

 196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

•

Portfolio
specific mortality level and mortality improvement assumptions based on a
mortality study conducted for AIG’s primary and excess workers’ compensation
portfolios and AIG’s opinion of future longevity trends for the open reported
cases;

•

Ground-up consideration of the reinsurance recoveries expected for the
class of business for reported claims with extrapolation for unreported claims;
and

•

The effects of various run-off claims management strategies that have
been developed by AIG’s run-off unit.

During 2015, we continued to expand our analysis of
structural drivers as a means of corroborating our judgments using traditional
actuarial techniques. For example, we have considered the impact of changes in
economic activity (real GDP growth, which can impact levels of trucking
activity) on our emerging experience in the Commercial Auto Liability class of
business, particularly business written in excess of a large insured deductible
where ground up experience may take several years to reach our layer. Further,
we considered the impact of expected levels of future inflation as measured by
the Personal Consumption Expenditure (PCE) Deflator (Health Services Component)
published by the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis on our ultimate loss costs
for medical benefits in the primary workers’ compensation class of business. We
believe the PCE Deflator provides a more appropriate measure of workers’
compensation medical inflation as it includes medical expenditures made by
employers on behalf of their employees. We also tested the sensitivity of our
estimates to changes in the future path and level of inflation for this class
of business.

Overall, our loss reserve reviews for long-tail classes
typically utilize a combination of both loss development and expected loss
ratio methods, supplemented by structural drivers analysis of
frequency/severity where available.

Loss
development methods are generally given more weight for accident years and
classes of business where the loss experience is highly credible. Expected loss
ratio methods are given more weight where the reported loss experience is less
credible, or is driven more by large losses. Expected loss ratio methods
require sufficient information to determine the appropriate expected loss ratio.
This information generally includes the actual loss ratios for prior accident
years, and rate changes as well as underwriting or other changes which would
affect the loss ratio. Further, an estimate of the loss cost trend or loss
ratio trend is required to allow for the effect of inflation and other factors
which may increase or otherwise change the loss costs from one accident year to
the next.

The estimation of loss reserves relating to asbestos and
environmental claims on insurance policies written many years ago is subject to
greater uncertainty than other types of claims.

 This is due to inconsistent
court decisions, as well as judicial interpretations and legislative actions
that in some cases have tended to broaden coverage beyond the original intent
of such policies or have expanded theories of liability. In addition,
reinsurance recoverable balances relating to asbestos and environmental loss
reserves are subject to greater uncertainty due to the underlying age of the
claim, underlying legal issues surrounding the nature of the coverage, and
determination of proper policy period. For these reasons, these balances tend
to be subject to increased levels of disputes and legal collection activity
when actually billed. The insurance industry as a whole is engaged in extensive
litigation over these coverage and liability issues and is thus confronted with
a continuing uncertainty in its efforts to quantify these exposures.

We continue to receive claims asserting injuries and damages
from toxic waste, hazardous substances, and other environmental pollutants and
alleged claims to cover the cleanup costs of hazardous waste dump sites,
referred to collectively as environmental claims, and indemnity claims
asserting injuries from asbestos. The vast majority of these asbestos and
environmental claims emanate from policies written in 1984 and prior years.
Commencing in 1985, standard policies contained absolute exclusions for
pollution-related damage and asbestos. The current Non-Life Insurance Companies
environmental policies that we specifically price and underwrite for
environmental risks on a claims-made basis have been excluded from the analysis.

The majority of our exposures for asbestos and environmental
claims are related to excess casualty coverages, not primary coverages. The
litigation costs are treated in the same manner as indemnity amounts, with
litigation expenses included within the limits of the liability we incur.
Individual significant claim liabilities, where future litigation costs are
reasonably determinable, are established on a case-by-case basis.

 197

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

Reserve Estimation for Asbestos
and Environmental Claims 

Estimation of asbestos and environmental claims loss
reserves is a subjective process. Reserves for asbestos and environmental
claims cannot be estimated using conventional reserving techniques such as
those that rely on historical accident year loss development factors. The
methods used to determine asbestos and environmental loss estimates and to
establish the resulting reserves are continually reviewed and updated by
management.

Various factors contribute to the complexity and difficulty
in determining the future development of claims. Significant factors that
influence the claims estimation process include court resolutions and judicial
interpretations which broaden the intent of the policies and scope of coverage.
The current case law can be characterized as still evolving, and there is
little likelihood that any firm direction will develop in the near future.
Additionally, the exposures for cleanup costs of hazardous waste dump sites
involve issues such as allocation of responsibility among potentially
responsible parties and the government’s refusal to release parties from
liability. Future claims development also will be affected by the changes in
Superfund and waste dump site coverage and liability issues. 

If the asbestos and environmental reserves develop
adversely, resulting deficiencies could have an adverse effect on our future
results of operations for an individual reporting period.

With respect to known environmental claims, over two decades
ago we established a specialized environmental claims unit, which investigates
and adjusts all such environmental claims. This unit evaluates environmental
claims utilizing a claim-by-claim approach that involves a detailed review of
individual policy terms and exposures. Because each policyholder presents
different liability and coverage issues, we generally evaluate exposure on a
policy-by-policy basis, considering a variety of factors such as known facts,
current law, jurisdiction, policy language and other factors that are unique to
each policy. Quantitative techniques must be supplemented by subjective
considerations, including management judgment. Each claim is reviewed at least
semi-annually utilizing the aforementioned approach and adjusted as necessary
to reflect the current information.

The environmental claims unit also actively manages and
pursues early resolution with respect to these claims in an attempt to mitigate
our exposure to the unpredictable development of these claims. We attempt to
mitigate our known long-tail environmental exposures through a combination of
proactive claim-resolution techniques, including policy buybacks, complete
environmental releases, compromise settlements, and, when appropriate,
litigation.

Known asbestos claims are managed in a similar manner. Over
two decades ago we established a specialized toxic tort claims unit, which
historically investigated and adjusted all such asbestos claims. As part of the
above mentioned NICO transaction, effective January 1, 2011, NICO assumed
responsibility for claims handling related to the majority of AIG’s domestic
asbestos liabilities.

 198

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

The following is a discussion
of actuarial methods applied by major class of business:

 Class
 of Business or Category and Actuarial Method

 Application
 of Actuarial Method

 Excess Casualty

 We generally use a combination of loss development
 methods, both multiplicative and/or additive, and expected loss ratio methods
 for excess casualty classes.

Frequency/severity methods are generally not used in
 isolation to determine ultimate loss costs as the vast majority of reported
 claims do not result in claim payment. (However, frequency/severity methods
 assist in the regular monitoring of the adequacy of carried reserves to
 support incurred but not reported claims). In addition, the average severity
 varies significantly from accident year to accident year due to large losses
 which characterize this class of business, as well as changing proportions of
 claims which do not result in a claim payment. To gain more stability in the
 projection, the claims amenable to loss development methods are analyzed in multiple
 layers: the layer capped at $1 million, $4 million excess of $1 million,
 $5 million excess of $5 million, $15 million excess of $10 million, and the
 layer above $25 million. The expected loss ratios for the layers above $5 million
 are derived from the expected relationship between the layers, reflecting the
 attachment point and limit by accident year.

In addition, we leverage case
 reserving based methodologies for complex claims/ latent exposures such as
 those involving toxic tort and other claims accumulations.

 Expected loss ratio methods are generally used for
 at least the three latest accident years, due to the relatively low
 credibility of the reported losses. The loss experience is generally reviewed
 separately for lead umbrella classes and for other excess classes, due to the
 relatively shorter tail for lead umbrella business. Automobile‑related
 claims are generally reviewed separately from non-auto claims, due to the
 shorter-tail nature of the automobile‑related claims. Claims relating
 to certain latent exposures such as construction defects, exhaustion of
 underlying product aggregate limits, or mass torts are reviewed separately
 due to the unique emergence patterns of losses relating to these claims. The
 expected loss ratios used for recent accident years are based on the
 projected ultimate loss ratios of prior years, adjusted for rate changes,
 estimated loss cost trends and all other changes that can be quantified.

During 2015, the observed claims deterioration
 for           complex claims/latent exposures impacted the case reserving
 methodologies which are relied on in determining ultimate loss costs.
 This deterioration was considered in the expected loss ratio method that we
 also consider in setting the reserve for mass tort exposures.  The
 provision for the base years of 1986-2000 was increased, which raised the
 expected loss ratios for the subsequent accident years.  

 D&O and Related Management
 Liability Classes of Business

 We generally use a combination of loss development
 methods and expected loss ratio methods for D&O and related management
 liability classes of business.

Frequency/severity methods are
 generally not used in isolation for these classes as the overall losses are
 driven by large losses more than by claim frequency. Severity trends have
 varied significantly from accident year to accident year and care is required
 in analyzing these trends by claim type. We also give weight to claim
 department ground-up projections of ultimate loss on a claim by claim basis
 as these may be more predictive of ultimate loss values especially for older
 accident years.

 These classes of business reflect
 claims made coverage, and losses are characterized by low frequency and high
 severity. In general, expected loss ratio methods are given more weight in
 the more recent accident years, whereas loss development methods are given
 more weight in more mature accident years. For the year-end 2015 loss reserve
 review, claims projections for accident years 2014 and prior were used after
 making adjustments for changing levels of development in these estimates. In
 the 2015 analysis, for the more mature accident years, we have generally
 given more weight to the incurred and legal expense loss development methods
 than in prior years’ reviews.  For the more recent accident years, we have
 made some changes in the weights on certain market segments to give more
 weight to the claims projections than in the prior years’ reviews.

 199

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

 Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method

 Application
 of Actuarial Method

 Workers’ Compensation

 We generally use a combination of
 loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for workers’
 compensation. We segment the data by state and industry class to the extent
 that meaningful differences are determined to exist.

 For guaranteed cost business, expected
 loss ratio methods generally are given significant weight only in the most
 recent accident year. Workers’ compensation claims are generally
 characterized by high frequency, low severity, and relatively consistent loss
 development from one accident year to the next. We historically have been a
 leading writer of workers’ compensation, and thus have sufficient volume of
 claims experience to use development methods. We generally segregate
 California (CA) business from other business in evaluating workers’
 compensation reserves. Commencing in 2012, we segmented out New York (NY)
 from the other states to reflect its different development pattern and
 changing percentage of the mix by state. We also revised our assumptions to
 reflect changes in our claims management activities. Certain classes of
 workers’ compensation, such as construction and business written in excess of
 a deductible, are also evaluated separately. Expected loss ratio methods for
 business written in excess of a deductible may be given significant weight in
 the five or more most recent accident years. Additionally, we write a number
 of very large accounts which include workers’ compensation coverage. These
 accounts are generally individually priced by our actuaries, and to the
 extent appropriate, the indicated losses based on the pricing analysis may be
 used to record the initial estimated loss reserves for these accounts.

 200

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

 Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method

 Application
 of Actuarial Method

Many of our primary casualty
 policies contain risk-sharing features, including high deductibles,
 self-insured retentions or retrospective rating features, in addition to a
 traditional insurance component. These risk-sharing programs generally are
 large and complex, comprising multiple products, years and structures, and
 are subject to amendment over time. We generally use premium and expected
 loss ratio methods for these programs.

 In 2014, we updated our tail factor
 selections in CA and NY, our loss development factors in the Construction
 class, and refined our segmentation for excess of a large deductible
 business.  Each of these segments appeared to have been impacted by specific
 structural changes in the portfolio. For CA business, our tail factor
 increases were in response to changing long-term medical development
 patterns. In NY, there has been a lengthening of the period between the date
 of accident and the classification of non-scheduled permanent partial
 injuries.  We completed a review of claim emergence and payouts for our top
 six states in workers’ compensation and concluded that NY and CA were the
 main states where the loss development patterns had materially changed since
 our last review. For the Construction class, we noted that the construction
 sector has experienced a comparatively slow recovery in payroll levels.  As a
 result of the diminished employment opportunities in this industry sector,
 injured workers may experience limited return-to-work opportunities, which
 moderate the shortening of claim duration that normally accompanies a labor
 market recovery.  Lastly, for excess of large deductible business, we updated
 our analyses to consider the impact of changes in the mix of retentions that
 has occurred over time as the data by retention band was becoming more
 credible.

Commencing in 2014, we also enhanced
 our analysis by considering our best estimate expectations of inflation
 (principally, the PCE Deflator for Health Care Services) and loss cost trends
 and we also reflected the impacts of enhancements in our claim management and
 loss mitigation activities, such as opioid drug management, fraud
 investigation and medical management. 

As part of the 2015 reserve review
 related to these policies, we enhanced our segmentation to better reflect
 varying policy features. As a result of the improved loss segmentation, we
 were able to give more weight to loss development methods in addition to
 premium and expected loss ratio methods.

 201

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

 Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method

 Application
 of Actuarial Method

 Excess Workers’ Compensation

 We historically have used a
 combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for
 excess workers’ compensation. Commencing with the 2014 loss reserve review,
 our actuaries supplemented the methods used historically by applying a structural
 drivers approach to inform their judgment of the ultimate loss costs for open
 reported claims from accident years 2006 and prior and used the refined
 analysis to help inform their judgment of the ultimate loss cost for claims
 that have not yet been reported using a frequency/severity approach for these
 accident years.

 Excess workers’ compensation is an extremely long-tail
 class of business, with loss emergence extending for decades. The class is
 highly sensitive to small changes in assumptions — in the rate of
 medical inflation or the longevity of injured workers, for example —
 which can have a significant effect on the ultimate reserve estimate. Claims
 estimates for this line also are highly sensitive to:

·

the assumed future rate of inflation and other economic
 conditions in the United States;

·

changes in the legal, regulatory, judicial and social
 environment;

·

the expected impact of recently enacted health care reform on
 workers’ compensation costs;

·

underlying policy pricing, terms and conditions;

·

claims settlement trends that can materially alter the mix and
 ultimate cost of claims;

·

changes in claims reporting and management practices of
 insureds and their third-party administrators;

·

the cost of new and additional treatment specialties, such as
 “pain management”;

·

the propensity for severely injured workers’ medical conditions
 to deteriorate in the future;

·

changes in injured worker longevity; and

·

territorial experience differences (across states and within
 regions in a state).

Methods based on expected loss
 ratios are given the greater weight for the more recent accident years. For
 the 2015 loss reserve review, the structural drivers approach which was
 applied to open reported claims from accident years 2006 and prior, was
 deemed to be most suitable for informing our judgment of the ultimate loss
 cost for injured workers whose medical conditions had largely stabilized
 (i.e., at least 9 to 10 years have elapsed since the date of
 injury). The reserve for accident years 2007 and subsequent was determined using
 a Generalized Cape Cod Method, which is similar to a Bornhuetter Ferguson
 expected loss ratio method.

 202

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

 Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method

 Application
 of Actuarial Method

 General Liability

 We generally use a combination of
 loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for primary general
 liability or products liability classes. We also supplement the standard
 actuarial techniques by using evaluations of the ultimate losses on unusual
 claims or claim accumulations by external specialists on those classes of
 claims. The segmentation of the data reflects state differences, industry
 classes, deductible/non-deductible programs and type of claim.

 For certain classes of business
 with sufficient loss volume, loss development methods may be given
 significant weight for all but the most recent one or two accident years. For
 smaller or more volatile classes of business and excess of a large deductible
 business, loss development methods may be given limited weight for the five
 or more most recent accident years. Expected loss ratio methods are used for
 the more recent accident years for these classes. The loss experience for
 primary general liability business is generally reviewed at a level that is
 believed to provide the most appropriate data for reserve analysis.
 Additionally, certain sub-classes, such as construction defect, are generally
 reviewed separately from business in other subclasses. For other sub-classes,
 such as Environmental, we utilize the claim analysts’ claim projections for incurred
 but not enough reported (IBNER) and actuarial methods to calculate pure IBNR.
 Commencing in 2014, we continued to refine our loss reserving techniques for
 the domestic primary casualty classes of business and adopted further
 segmentations based on our analysis of the differing emerging loss patterns
 for certain classes of insureds. Due to the fairly long-tail nature of
 general liability business, and the many subclasses that are reviewed
 individually, there is less credibility given to the reported losses and
 increased reliance on expected loss ratio methods for recent accident years. 

 Commercial Automobile Liability

 We generally use loss development
 methods for all but the most recent accident year for commercial automobile
 liability classes of business.

 Expected loss ratio methods are
 generally given significant weight only in the most recent accident year,
 except for excess of large deductible business, in which expected loss ratio
 methods may receive weight for several accident years. In 2015, the impact of
 the increase in frequency of severe claims was projected in the accident
 years where it was most prevalent. The resulting increase in ultimate loss
 projections and loss ratios for those years impacted subsequent years through
 loss development factors and prior expected loss ratio assumptions. 

 203

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

 Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method

 Application
 of Actuarial Method

 Healthcare

 We generally use a combination of loss development methods
 and expected loss ratio methods for healthcare classes of business.

Frequency/severity methods are sometimes used for
 pricing certain healthcare accounts or business. However, for loss reserve
 adequacy testing, the need to ensure sufficient credibility generally results
 in segmentations that are not sufficiently homogeneous to utilize
 frequency/severity methods.

We also supplement the standard
 actuarial techniques by using evaluations of the ultimate losses on unusual
 claims by specialists on those classes of claims.

 The largest component of the
 healthcare business consists of coverage written for hospitals and other
 healthcare facilities. We test reserves for excess coverage separately from
 those for primary coverage. For primary coverages, loss development methods
 are generally given the majority of the weight for all but the latest three
 accident years, and are given some weight for all years other than the latest
 accident year. For excess coverages, expected loss methods are generally
 given all the weight for the latest three accident years, and are also given
 considerable weight for accident years prior to the latest three years. For
 other classes of healthcare coverage, an analogous weighting between loss
 development and expected loss ratio methods is used. The weights assigned to
 each method are those that are believed to result in the best combination of
 responsiveness and credibility.

 Professional Liability

 We generally use a combination of loss development
 methods and expected loss ratio methods for professional liability classes of
 business.

Frequency/severity methods are used in pricing and
 profitability analyses for some classes of professional liability; however,
 for loss reserve adequacy testing, the need to ensure sufficient credibility
 generally results in segmentations that are not sufficiently homogeneous to
 utilize frequency/severity methods.

We also use claim department
 projections of the ultimate value of each reported claim to supplement and
 inform the standard actuarial approaches and some weight is given to this
 method in the more recent accident years.

 Loss development methods are used
 for the more mature accident years. Greater weight is given to expected loss
 ratio methods in the more recent accident years. Reserves are tested
 separately for claims made classes and classes written on occurrence policy forms.
 Further segmentations are made in a manner believed to provide an appropriate
 balance between credibility and homogeneity of the data. Commencing in 2015,
 the claims department projections already used in other financial lines
 classes were utilized for professional liability and given some weight in the
 final selection.

 Catastrophic Casualty

 We use expected loss ratio methods
 for all accident years for catastrophic casualty business. This class of
 business consists of casualty or financial lines coverage that attach in
 excess of very high attachment points; thus the claims experience is marked
 by very low frequency and high severity. Because of the limited number of
 claims, loss development methods are not relied upon.

 The expected loss ratios and loss
 development assumptions used are based upon the results of prior accident
 years for this business as well as for similar classes of business written
 above lower attachment points. The business can be written on a claims-made
 or occurrence basis. We use ground-up claim projections provided by our
 claims staff to assist in developing the appropriate reserve.

 204

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

 Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method

 Application
 of Actuarial Method

 Aviation

 We generally use a combination of loss development
 methods and expected loss ratio methods for aviation exposures. Aviation
 claims are not very long-tail in nature; however, they are driven by claim
 severity. Thus a combination of both development and expected loss ratio
 methods are used for all but the latest accident year to determine the loss
 reserves.

Frequency/severity methods are not
 employed due to the high severity nature of the claims and different mix of
 claims from year to year.

 Expected loss ratio methods are
 used to determine the loss reserves for the latest accident year. We also use
 ground-up claim projections provided by our claims staff to assist in
 developing the appropriate reserve.

 Personal Auto

 Frequency/severity and loss
 development methods are utilized for domestic personal auto classes.

 For these classes of business,
 reliance is placed on frequency/severity methods as claim counts emerge
 quickly for personal auto. Frequency/severity methods allow for more
 immediate analysis of resulting loss trends and comparisons to industry and
 other diagnostic metrics.

 Fidelity/Surety

 We generally use loss development
 methods for fidelity exposures for all but the latest accident year. We also
 use claim department projections of the ultimate value of each reported claim
 to supplement and inform the standard actuarial approaches and some weight is
 given to this method in the more recent accident years. For surety exposures,
 we generally use the same method as for short-tail classes (discussed below).

 Expected loss ratio methods are
 also given weight for the more recent accident years. For the latest accident
 year they may be given 100 percent weight.

 205

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

 Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method

 Application
 of Actuarial Method

 Mortgage Guaranty

 We test mortgage guaranty reserves
 using loss development methods, supplemented by an internal claim analysis by
 actuaries and staff who specialize in the mortgage guaranty business.

 The reserve analysis projects
 ultimate losses for claims within each of several reserving categories based
 on actual historical experience, using primarily a frequency/severity loss
 development approach. Additional reserve tests are also employed, such as
 tests measuring the trend of losses as a percent of risk in force. Reserves
 are reviewed separately for each line of business considering the loss
 development characteristics, volume of claim data available and applicability
 of various actuarial methods to each line.

Reserves for mortgage guaranty
 insurance losses and loss adjustment expenses are established for reported
 mortgage loan delinquencies and estimates of delinquencies that have been
 incurred but have not been reported by loan servicers, based upon historical
 reporting trends. We establish reserves using a percentage of the contractual
 liability (for each delinquent loan reported) that is based upon projected
 claim experience for each category of delinquency, consistent in total with
 the overall reserve estimate.

Mortgage Guaranty losses and loss
 adjustment expenses have been affected by macroeconomic events, such as
 improving home prices and decreasing unemployment. Because these
 macroeconomic events are subject to adverse or favorable change, the
 determination of the ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses requires a
 high degree of judgment. Improving economic conditions have produced higher
 cure rates of delinquent loans in recent years, a trend that may not continue
 in 2016. In addition, loans with modifications through government and lender
 programs may re-default resulting in new losses for Mortgage Guaranty if
 adverse economic conditions were to return.  In addition to improved cure
 rates, the favorable economic trends have resulted in a decline of newly
 reported delinquencies. Partially offsetting these favorable frequency trends
 was a lower incidence of denied and rescinded claims.

 206

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

 Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method

 Application
 of Actuarial Method

 Other Short-Tail Classes

 For non-catastrophe business, frequency/severity
 methods, loss development methods, and IBNR factor methods are used alone or
 in combination to set reserves for short-tail classes such as Commercial Property,
 Personal Property, and Accident & Health coverages.

 IBNR factor methods are used, when
 the nature of losses are low frequency/high severity. The IBNR factors, when
 applied to earned premium, generate the ultimate expected losses (or other
 exposure measure) yet to be reported. The factors are determined based on
 prior accident quarters’ loss costs adjusted to reflect current cost levels
 and the historical emergence of those loss costs. The factors are continually
 reevaluated to reflect emerging claim experience, rate changes or other
 factors that could affect the adequacy of the IBNR factor being employed.

 International 

 Business written by the Non-Life
 Insurance Companies internationally includes both long-tail and short-tail
 classes of business. For long-tail classes of business, the actuarial methods
 used are comparable to those described above. However, the majority of
 business written by the Non-Life Insurance Companies internationally is
 short-tail, high frequency and low severity in nature. For this business,
 loss development methods are generally employed to test the loss reserves.

 We maintain a database of detailed
 historical premium and loss transactions in original currency for business
 written by the Non-Life Insurance Companies internationally. This allows our
 actuaries to determine the current reserves without any distortion from
 changes in exchange rates over time. Our actuaries segment the international
 data by region, country or class of business as appropriate to determine an
 optimal balance between homogeneity and credibility. The techniques developed
 by our U.S. actuaries for certain commercial classes of business are
 increasingly applied to our International portfolios where the experience volume
 and data segmentation is comparable to that of the U.S. portfolios. Our
 actuaries work closely with the claims departments in each of our major
 International locations to determine the most appropriate methodology and
 assumptions.

 207

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

 Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method

 Application
 of Actuarial Method

 Loss Adjustment Expenses

 We determine reserves for legal
 defense and cost containment loss adjustment expenses for each class of
 business by one or more actuarial or structural driver methods. The methods
 generally include development methods comparable to those described for loss
 development methods. The development could be based on either the paid loss
 adjustment expenses or the ratio of paid loss adjustment expenses to paid
 losses, or both. Other methods include the utilization of expected ultimate
 ratios of paid loss expense to paid losses, based on actual experience from
 prior accident years or from similar classes of business. We also provide
 reserves for the estimated future costs of our claims department settling
 existing reserves.

 We generally determine reserves for
 adjuster loss adjustment expenses based on calendar year ratios of adjuster
 expenses paid to losses paid for the particular class of business. We
 generally determine reserves for other unallocated loss adjustment expenses
 based on the ratio of the calendar year expenses paid to overall losses paid.
 This determination is generally done for all classes of business combined,
 and uses claim overhead costs as a percent of losses paid. We may supplement
 our judgments with an analysis of loss and legal expense mix change using predictive
 models that explicitly represent such mix change and detailed reviews with
 the claims department on the methods used to allocate the costs of the claims
 initiatives to new and in-force business and to different classes and
 sub-classes of business. In 2015, we increased our estimates of our claims
 department costs to reflect higher expected future costs associated with new
 technology and operating models.

 Catastrophes and Severe Losses

 In response to major catastrophes
 and severe losses, special analyses by both Actuarial and Claims are
 conducted to estimate the gross and net liability for unpaid losses and loss
 adjustment expenses from such events.

 These analyses may include a
 combination of approaches, including catastrophe modeling estimates,
 ground-up claim analysis, loss evaluation reports from on-site field
 adjusters, and market share estimates. Loss emergence patterns of similar
 catastrophic events or aggregated severe losses are used to help determine
 the reasonableness of ultimate loss projections and the resulting IBNR need.

Alternative
Loss Cost Trend and Loss Development Factor Assumptions by Class of Business

Two of our most significant assumptions in loss-based
methodologies are those for loss cost trends and loss development factors.
There is generally some potential for deviation from our selected best estimate
assumptions related to loss cost trends and loss development factor
assumptions. The classes noted below are considered to have a higher
sensitivity to changes in these assumptions than other classes. For example,
primary auto liability reserves were impacted by changes in the frequency and
severity of losses in recent years which may not be captured by sensitivities
of the parameter modeled below.

The sensitivity analysis below addresses each major class of
business for which there is a possibility of a material deviation from our
overall reserve position as a result of changes in these individual assumptions.
The analysis uses a range of potential alternative assumptions for each class
based on historical experience. Actual reserve development may not be
consistent with either the original or the alternative loss trend or loss
development factor assumptions, and other assumptions made in the reserving
process may materially affect reserve development for a particular class of
business. 

It should be noted that there are many other assumptions
used in the loss reserving process, and the sensitivities shown below are not
intended to be indications of possible loss reserve ranges for the class but merely
illustrations of the sensitivity of the reserves to certain alternative
assumptions considered individually. The actual reserve range is a function of
many factors interacting with each other.

 208

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

Loss cost trends:

  The
percentage deviations noted in the table below are not considered the highest
possible deviations that might be expected, but rather what we consider to
reflect a reasonably likely range of potential deviation based on historical
loss cost trends. The impacts cited below are only for the years for which we
used an expected loss ratio approach. Actual loss cost trends in the early
1990s were negative for several years whereas actual loss cost trends exceeded
the figures cited below for 1997 through 2001. These observed variations were
considered in establishing the percentage deviations, and result in
asymmetrical selections. Loss trends may deviate by more than the amounts noted
above and discussed below.

Loss development factors:

  The percentage deviations
noted in the table below are not considered the highest possible deviations
that might be expected, but rather what we consider to reflect a reasonably
likely range of potential deviation. While multiple scenarios are performed,
the assumed loss development factors are a key assumption. Generally, actual
historical loss development factors are used to project future loss
development. Future loss development patterns may be different from those in
the past, or may deviate by more than the amounts noted above and discussed
below. Further, there is a greater incidence of these factors increasing, which
is reflected in the deviations selected.

A large portion of the loss reserves from the Non-Life
Insurance Companies business relates to longer-tail casualty classes of business,
such as excess casualty and D&O, which are driven by severity rather than
frequency of claims. Using the reserving methodologies described above, our
actuaries determine their actuarial central estimates of the loss reserves and
advise management on their final recommendation for management’s best estimate
of the recorded reserves. Subject matter experts from underwriting and claims
play an important part in informing the actuarial assumptions and methods. The
governance process over the establishment of loss reserves also ensures robust
considerations of the changes in the loss trends, terms and conditions, claims
handling practices, and large loss impact when determining the methods,
assumptions and the estimations. This multi-disciplinary process engages
underwriting, claims, risk management, business unit executives and senior
management and involves several iterative levels of feedback and response
during the regular reserving process.

The following sensitivity analysis table summarizes the
effect on the loss reserve position of using certain alternative loss cost
trend (for accident years where we use expected loss ratio methods) or loss
development factor assumptions rather than the assumptions actually used in
determining our estimates in the year-end loss reserve analyses in 2015.

 December 31, 2015

 Effect
 on

 Effect
 on

 (in millions)

 Loss
 Reserves

 Loss
 Reserves

 Loss cost trends:

 Loss development factors:

 Excess casualty:

 Excess casualty:

    5 percent increase

 $

 1,646

    3 percent increase

 $

 945

    5 percent decrease

 (1,067)

    4 percent decrease

 (874)

 D&O:

 D&O:

    31 percent increase

 1,400

    14 percent increase

 800

    30 percent decrease

 (950)

      5 percent decrease

 (300)

 Excess workers' compensation:

 Excess workers' compensation:

    5 percent increase

 N/A

    Increase
(b)

 1,000

    5 percent decrease

 N/A

    Decrease 
(b)

 (250)

 Primary workers' compensation

(a)

:

 Primary workers' compensation

: 

    Increase
(b)

 1,400

    Decrease(b)

 (900)

(a) Loss cost
trend assumption does not have a material impact for this line of business.

(b) Percentages
not applicable due to extremely long-tailed nature of workers’ compensation.

 209

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

 Class
 of Business

 Loss Cost Trend

 Loss
 Development Factor

 Excess Casualty

 In
 the analysis we utilize various loss cost trend assumptions for different
 segments of the portfolio. After evaluating the historical loss cost trends
 from prior accident years since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is
 reasonably likely that actual loss cost trends applicable to the year-end 2015
 loss reserve review for excess casualty will range five percent lower or
 higher than this estimated loss trend. The loss cost trend assumption is
 critical for the excess casualty class of business due to the long-tail
 nature of the claims and therefore is applied across many accident years.
 Thus, there is the potential for the reserves with respect to a number of
 accident years (the expected loss ratio years) to be significantly affected
 by changes in loss cost trends that were initially relied upon in setting the
 reserves. These changes in loss trends could be attributable to changes in
 inflation or in the judicial environment, or in other social or economic
 conditions affecting claims.

 After
 evaluating the historical loss development factors from prior accident years
 since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that actual
 loss development factors will range from approximately 3 percent below
 those actually utilized in the year-end 2015 reserve review to approximately 3.5 percent
 above those factors actually utilized. Excess casualty is a long-tail class
 of business and any deviation in loss development factors might not be
 discernible for an extended

period of
 time subsequent to the recording of the initial loss reserve

estimates for any accident year. Thus, there is the
 potential for the reserves with respect to a number of accident years to be
 significantly affected by changes in loss development factors that were
 initially relied upon in setting the reserves. Similar to loss cost trends,
 these changes in loss development factors could be attributable to changes in
 inflation or in the judicial environment, or in other social or economic
 conditions affecting claims.

 210

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

 Class of Business

 Loss Cost Trend

 Loss
 Development Factor

 D&O and
 Related Management Liability Classes of Business

 The assumed loss cost trend was approximately 1
 percent. After evaluating the historical loss cost trends from prior accident
 years since the early 1990s, including the potential effect of recent claims
 relating to the credit crisis, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that
 actual loss cost trends applicable to the year-end 2015 loss reserve review
 for these classes will range from approximately 30 percent lower or 31 percent
 higher than the assumption actually utilized in the year-end 2015 reserve review.
 Because the D&O class of business has exhibited highly volatile loss
 trends from one accident year to the next, there is the possibility of an
 exceptionally high deviation.

 The assumed loss development factors are also an
 important assumption but less critical than for excess casualty. Because
 these classes are written on a claims made basis, the loss reporting and
 development tail is much shorter than for excess casualty. However, the high
 severity nature of the claims does create the potential for significant
 deviations in loss development patterns from one year to the next. After
 evaluating the historical loss development factors for these classes of
 business for accident years since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is
 reasonably likely that actual loss development factors will range from
 approximately 5 percent lower to approximately 14 percent higher
 than those factors actually indicated in the year-end 2015 loss reserve
 review for these classes.

 Primary
 Workers’ Compensation

 The
 loss cost trend assumption is not believed to be material with respect to our
 loss reserves. This is primarily because our actuaries are generally able to
 use loss development projections for all but the most recent accident year’s
 reserves, so there is limited need to rely on loss cost trend assumptions for
 primary workers’ compensation business.

 Generally,
 our actual historical workers’ compensation loss development factors would be
 expected to provide a reasonably accurate predictor of future loss development.
 However, workers’ compensation is a long-tail class of business, and our
 business reflects a very significant volume of losses, particularly in recent
 accident years. After evaluating the actual historical loss development since
 the 1980s for this business, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that
 actual loss reserves will fall within the range of approximately 7 percent
 below to approximately 11 percent above those actually indicated in the 2015
 loss reserve review.

 211

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

 Class of Business

 Loss Cost Trend

 Loss
 Development Factor

 Based
 on our sensitivity testing, we also estimate that a 1 percent rise in the
 future rate of inflation (PCE Deflator for Health Care Services increased by
 1 percent at the 30-year time horizon, with increases in the forward rate of
 inflation assumed to occur proportionally over time (i.e. the
 zero-year/1-year forward inflation rate would change by 1/30th of 1
 percentage point)) would increase our ultimate loss cost estimates by
 approximately $215 million as of December 31, 2015.

In
 2014, however, we began incorporating three-dimensional loss development
 models incorporating accident year, development year and calendar year trends
 with our traditional loss development projections. This allows us to consider
 for example, the effect of changing levels of inflation (specifically the PCE
 Deflator for Health Care Services) on our ultimate loss costs for medical
 benefits. These methodologies also facilitate a more quantitative assessment
 of the uncertainty in our estimates reflecting structural drivers of loss
 along each dimension.

 Excess Workers’
 Compensation (run-off only) 

 Loss
 costs were trended at six percent per annum. After reviewing actual industry
 loss trends for the past ten years, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely
 that actual loss cost trends applicable to the year-end 2015 loss reserve
 review for excess workers’ compensation will range five percent lower or
 higher than this estimated loss trend. However, given the small volume of business
 written in these years, the range in reserve estimates as a result of varying
 these loss cost trends is not very wide.

 Excess
 workers’ compensation is an extremely long-tail class of business, with a
 much greater than normal uncertainty as to the appropriate loss development
 factors for the tail of the loss development. After evaluating the historical
 loss development factors for prior accident years since the 1980s as well as
 the development over the past several years of the ground up claim projections
 utilized to help select the loss development factors in the tail for this
 class of business, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that actual loss
 development for excess workers’ compensation could increase the current
 reserves by up to approximately $1.0 billion or decrease them by
 approximately $250 million.

 212

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

Reinsurance Assets

The estimation of reinsurance recoverable involves a
significant amount of judgment, particularly for latent exposures, such as
asbestos, due to their long-tail nature.  
Reinsurance
assets include reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses that are estimated as part of our loss reserving process and,
consequently, are subject to similar judgments and uncertainties as the
estimation of gross loss reserves.

We assess the collectability of reinsurance recoverable
balances through either detailed reviews of the underlying nature of the
reinsurance balance or comparisons with historical trends of disputes and
credit events.  We record adjustments to reflect the results of these
assessments through an allowance for uncollectable reinsurance that reduces the
carrying amount of reinsurance assets in the balance sheet. This estimate
requires significant judgment for which key considerations include:

•

paid and unpaid
amounts recoverable; 

•

whether the
balance is in dispute or subject to legal collection; 

•

whether the
reinsurer is financially troubled (i.e., liquidated, insolvent, in
receivership or otherwise subject to formal or informal regulatory
restriction); and

•

whether
collateral and collateral arrangements exist.

At December 31, 2015, the allowance for estimated
unrecoverable reinsurance was $272 million. 

See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on reinsurance.

Future
Policy Benefits for Life and Accident and Health Insurance Contracts (Life
Insurance Companies)

Long-duration
traditional products

 include whole life
insurance, term life insurance, accident and health insurance, long-term care
insurance, and certain payout annuities for which the payment period is
life-contingent, which include certain of our single premium immediate
annuities and structured settlements.

For long-duration traditional business, a “lock-in”
principle applies.

 The assumptions used to
calculate the benefit liabilities and DAC are set when a policy is issued and
do not change with changes in actual experience, unless a loss recognition
event occurs. The assumptions include mortality, morbidity, persistency,
maintenance expenses, and investment returns. These assumptions are typically
consistent with pricing inputs. The assumptions also include margins for
adverse deviation, principally for key assumptions such as mortality and
interest rates used to discount cash flows, to reflect uncertainty given that
actual experience might deviate
 from these assumptions. Establishing
margins at contract inception requires management judgment.  The extent of the
margin for adverse deviation may vary depending on the uncertainty of the cash
flows, which is affected by the volatility of the business and the extent of
our experience with the product.

Loss recognition occurs if observed changes in actual
experience or estimates result in projected future losses under loss
recognition testing. To determine whether loss recognition exists, we determine
whether a future loss is expected based on updated current assumptions.  If
loss recognition exists, we recognize the loss by first reducing DAC through
amortization expense, and, if DAC is depleted, record additional liabilities
through a charge to policyholder benefit expense. See Note 8 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on loss
recognition.  Because of the long-term nature of many of our liabilities
subject to the “lock-in” principle, small changes in certain assumptions may
cause large changes in the degree of reserve adequacy. In particular, changes
in estimates of future invested asset returns have a large effect on the degree
of reserve deficiency. 

Groupings for loss recognition testing are consistent with
our manner of acquiring, servicing, and measuring the profitability of the
business and applied by product groupings.  We perform separate loss
recognition tests for traditional life products, payout annuities, and
long-term care insurance. Once loss recognition has been recorded for a block
of business, the old assumption set is replaced and the assumption set used for
the loss recognition would then be subject to the lock-in principle.  Key
judgments made in loss recognition testing include the following:

 213

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

•

To determine
investment returns used in loss recognition tests, we typically segregate
assets that match the duration of our liabilities with assets of comparable
duration, to the extent practicable, and then project future cash flows on
those assets. Assets supporting insurance liabilities are primarily comprised
of a diversified portfolio of high quality fixed maturity securities, and may
also include, to a lesser extent, alternative investments. Our projections
include a reasonable allowance for investment expenses and expected credit
losses over the projection horizon. A critical assumption in the projection of
expected investment income is the assumed net rate of investment return at
which excess cash flows are to be reinvested.  For products in which asset and
liability durations are matched relatively well, this is less of a
consideration since interest on excess cash flows are not a significant
component of future cash flows.  For the reinvestment rate assumption,
anticipated future changes to the yield curves could have a large effect. 
Given the interest rate environment applicable at the date of our most recent
loss recognition tests, we assumed a modest and gradual increase in long-term
interest rates over time. 

•

For mortality assumptions, key judgments include the extent of industry
versus own experience to base future assumptions as well as the extent of
expected mortality improvements in the future.  The latter judgment is based on
a combination of historical mortality trends and advice from industry, public
health and demography specialists that were consulted by AIG’s actuaries and
published industry information.  

•

For surrender rates, a key judgment involves the correlation between
expected increases/decreases in interest rates and increases/decreases in
surrender rates. To support this judgment, we compare crediting rates on our
products relative to expected rates on competing products under different
interest rate scenarios. 

•

For in-force long-term care insurance, rate increases are allowed but
must be approved by state insurance regulators. Consequently, the extent of
rate increases that may be assumed requires judgment.  In establishing our
assumption for rate increases for long-term care insurance, we consider
historical experience as to the frequency and level of rate increases approved
by state regulators. 

The Life
operating segment recorded loss recognition expense of $28 million in 2015 and
$87 million in 2014 to increase reserves for certain discontinued long-term
care business due to the update of actuarial assumptions, primarily a result of
lower future premium increase assumptions and, in 2014, lower yield assumptions.
Sales of investment securities in connection with our program to utilize
capital loss carryforwards and other investment sales with subsequent
reinvestment at lower yields triggered recording of loss recognition expense of
$30 million and $1.5 billion in 2014 and 2013, respectively, primarily related
to certain long-term payout annuity contracts in the Institutional Markets and
Retirement operating segments. 

Significant
unrealized appreciation on investments in a prolonged low interest rate
environment may cause DAC to be adjusted and additional future policy benefit
liabilities to be recorded through a charge directly to accumulated other
comprehensive income (“shadow loss recognition”). These charges are included,
net of tax, with the change in net unrealized appreciation of investments.  See
Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
shadow loss recognition. In applying shadow loss recognition, the Company
overlays unrealized gains onto loss recognition tests without revising the
underlying test.  Accordingly, there is limited additional judgment in this
process.  

Guaranteed
Benefit Features of Variable Annuity Products (Life Insurance Companies)

Variable annuity products offered by our Retirement Income
Solutions and Group Retirement product lines offer guaranteed benefit features.
These guaranteed features include guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB) that
are payable in the event of death or other instances, and living benefits that
are payable in the event of annuitization, or, in other instances, at specified
dates during the accumulation period. Living benefits include guaranteed minimum
withdrawal benefits (GMWB), guaranteed minimum income benefits (GMIB), and
guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits (GMAB). See Note 13 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these
features.  

The liabilities for GMDB and GMIB, which are recorded in
Future policyholder benefits, represent the expected value of benefits in
excess of the projected account value, with the excess recognized ratably over
the accumulation period based on total expected fee assessments, through Policyholder
benefits and losses incurred. The liabilities for GMWB and GMAB, which are
recorded in Policyholder contract deposits, are accounted for as embedded
derivatives measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value of the
liabilities recorded in Other realized capital gains (losses).

 214

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

Our exposure to the guaranteed
amounts is equal to the amount by which the contract holder’s account balance
is below the amount provided by the guaranteed feature. A variable annuity
contract may include more than one type of guaranteed benefit feature; for
example, it may have both a GMDB and a GMWB. However, a policyholder can generally
only receive payout from one guaranteed feature on a contract containing a
death benefit and a living benefit, i.e. the features are mutually exclusive,
so the exposure to the guaranteed amount for each feature is independent of the
exposure from other features (except a surviving spouse who has a rider to
potentially collect both a GMDB upon their spouse’s death and a GMWB during
their lifetime).  A policyholder cannot purchase more than one living
benefit on one contract. Declines in the equity markets, increased
volatility and a sustained low interest rate environment increase our exposure
to potential benefits under the guaranteed features, leading to an increase in
the liabilities for those benefits. See Estimated Gross Profits for
Investment-Oriented Products (Life Insurance) below for sensitivity analysis
which includes the sensitivity of reserves for guaranteed benefit features to
changes in the assumptions for interest rates, equity market returns,
volatility, and mortality. For additional discussion of market risk management
related to these product features, see Enterprise Risk Management – Life
Insurance Companies Key Insurance Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management and
Hedging Program.

The reserving methodology and assumptions used to measure
the liabilities of our two largest guaranteed benefit features are presented in
the following table:

 Reserving
 Methodology

 Assumptions
 and Accounting Judgments

 GMDB 

 We determine the GMDB liability at each balance sheet
 date by estimating the expected value of death benefits in excess of the
 projected account balance and recognizing the excess ratably over the
 accumulation period based on total expected fee assessments. See Note 13 to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on how we
 reserve for variable annuity products with guaranteed benefit features. 

 Key assumptions include:

•

Interest rates, which vary by year of issuance and products

•

Mortality rates, which are based upon actual experience modified to
 allow for variations in policy form

•

Lapse rates, which are based upon actual experience modified to allow
 for variations in policy form

•

Investment returns, using assumptions from a randomly generated model 

•

In
 applying asset growth assumptions for the valuation of the GMDB liability, we
 use a reversion to the mean methodology, similar to that applied for
 DAC.  For a description of this methodology, see Estimated Gross Profits
 for Investment-Oriented Products (Life Insurance Companies) below.

 GMWB 

 GMWB living benefits are embedded derivatives that are
 required to be bifurcated from the host contract and carried at fair value.
 The fair value estimates of the living benefit guarantees include assumptions
 such as interest rates, equity market returns, market volatility, credit
 spreads, equity / interest rate correlation and policyholder behavior. See
 Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
 on how we reserve for variable annuity products with guaranteed benefit
 features, and Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information
 on fair value measurement of these embedded derivatives, including how we
 incorporates our own non-performance risk.

 The fair value of the embedded
 derivatives is based on actuarial and capital market assumptions related to
 projected cash flows over the expected lives of the contracts. Key
 assumptions include:

•

Interest rates

•

Equity market returns

•

Market volatility

•

Credit spreads

•

Equity / interest rate correlation

•

Benefits and related fees assessed, when applicable 

•

Policyholder
 behavior, including mortality, lapses, withdrawals and benefit utilization.
 Estimates of future policyholder behavior are subjective and based primarily
 on our historical experience

•

In applying asset growth assumptions for the valuation of GMWBs, we
 use market-consistent assumptions consistent with fair value measurement,
 which are calibrated to observable interest rate and equity option prices

•

Allocation of fees between the embedded derivative and host contract

 215

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

Estimated
Gross Profits for Investment–Oriented Products (Life Insurance Companies)

Policy acquisition costs and policy issuance costs that are
incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new or
renewal of existing insurance contracts related to universal life and
investment-type products (collectively, investment-oriented products) are generally
deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of
estimated gross profits to be realized over a period that approximates the
estimated lives of the contracts, except in instances where significant
negative gross profits are expected in one or more periods.

Estimated gross profits include net investment income and
spreads, net realized investment gains and losses, fees, surrender charges,
expenses, and mortality gains and losses. In estimating future gross profits,
lapse assumptions require judgment and can have a material impact on DAC
amortization. For fixed deferred annuity contracts, the future spread between
investment income and interest credited to policyholders is a significant
judgment, particularly in a low interest rate environment. 

If the assumptions used for estimated gross profits change
significantly, DAC and related reserves, including VOBA, SIA, guaranteed
benefit reserves and URR, are recalculated using the new assumptions, and any
resulting adjustment is included in income. Updating such assumptions may
result in acceleration of amortization in some products and deceleration of
amortization in other products. 

In estimating future gross profits for variable annuity
products, a long-term annual asset growth assumption of 8.5% (before expenses
that reduce the asset base from which future fees are projected) is applied to
estimate the future growth in assets and related asset-based fees.  In
determining the asset growth rate, the effect of short-term fluctuations in the
equity markets is partially mitigated through the use of a reversion to the
mean methodology, whereby short-term asset growth above or below the long-term
annual rate assumption impacts the growth assumption applied to the five-year
period subsequent to the current balance sheet date. The reversion to the mean
methodology allows us to maintain our long-term growth assumptions, while also
giving consideration to the effect of actual investment performance.  When
actual performance significantly deviates from the annual long-term growth
assumption, as evidenced by growth assumptions for the five-year reversion to
the mean period falling below a certain rate (floor) or above a certain rate
(cap) for a sustained period, judgment may be applied to revise or “unlock” the
growth rate assumptions to be used for both the five-year reversion to the mean
period as well as the long-term annual growth assumption applied to subsequent
periods.  The use of a reversion to the mean assumption is common within the
industry; however, the parameters used in the methodology are subject to
judgment and vary within the industry. See Results of Operations – Life
Insurance Companies DAC and Reserves – Reversion to the Mean for additional
discussion.

The following table summarizes the sensitivity of
changes in certain assumptions for DAC and SIA, embedded derivatives and other
reserves related to guaranteed benefits and URR, the related hypothetical
impact on December 31, 2015 balances and the resulting hypothetical impact on
pre-tax income, before hedging. Changes in net investment spread assumptions
primarily affect DAC and SIA in our Fixed Annuities product line.  Changes in
interest 

 216

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

rates, equity returns and volatility
primarily impact embedded derivatives and other reserves for guaranteed
benefits in our Retirement Income Solutions and Group Retirement product lines,
as well as universal life insurance with secondary guarantees. Changes in
mortality assumptions primarily impact DAC in our universal life insurance
business.

 Other

 Embedded

 Net

 Reserves

 Derivatives

 Increase

 Related
 to

 Unearned

 Related
 to

 (Decrease)

 December 31, 2015

 Guaranteed

 Revenue

 Guaranteed

 in
 Pre-Tax

 (in millions) 

 DAC/SIA

 Benefits

 Reserve

 Benefits

 Income

 Assumptions:

 Net Investment Spread

 Effect of an increase by 10 basis points

 $

 123

 $

 (7)

 $

 8

 $

 (12)

 $

 135

 Effect of a decrease by 10 basis points

 (131)

 14

 (26)

 12

 (130)

 Equity Return

(a)

 Effect of an increase by 1% 

 88

 (34)

 1

 (47)

 168

 Effect of a decrease by 1% 

 (87)

 40

 (1)

 50

 (176)

 Volatility 

(b)

 Effect of an increase by 1% 

 -

 -

 -

 (43)

 43

 Effect of a decrease by 1% 

 -

 -

 -

 42

 (42)

 Interest Rate

(c)

 Effect of an increase by 10 basis points

 -

 -

 -

 (131)

 131

 Effect of a decrease by 10 basis points

 -

 -

 -

 141

 (141)

 Mortality

 Effect of an increase by 1% 

 (8)

 23

 (1)

 (25)

 (4)

 Effect of a decrease by 1% 

 8

 (23)

 3

 26

 3

 Lapse

 Effect of an increase by 10%

 (142)

 (42)

 (8)

 (103)

 11

 Effect of an decrease by 10%

 149

 43

 8

 109

 (11)

(a) Represents
the net impact of a one percent increase or decrease in long-term equity
returns for GMDB and GMIB reserves and negligible net impact of a
one percent increase or decrease in the S&P 500 index for GMWB
and GMAB living benefit reserves.

(b) Represents
the net impact of a one percentage point increase or decrease in equity
volatility.

(c) Represents
the net impact of 10 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve on the
reserves for GMWB and GMAB living benefit features. Does not represent interest
rate spread compression on investment-oriented products.

The analysis
of DAC, embedded derivatives and other reserves related to guaranteed benefits,
and unearned revenue reserve is a dynamic process that considers all relevant
factors and assumptions described above. We estimate each of the above factors
individually, without the effect of any correlation among the key assumptions.
An assessment of sensitivity associated with changes in any single assumption
would not necessarily be an indicator of future results. The effects on pre-tax
income in the sensitivity analysis table above do not reflect the related
effects from our economic hedging program, which utilizes derivative and other
financial instruments and is designed so that changes in value of those
instruments move in the opposite direction of changes in the guaranteed benefit
embedded derivative liabilities. For a further discussion on guaranteed benefit
features of our variable annuities and the related hedging program, see Enterprise
Risk Management – Life Insurance Companies Key Insurance Risks – Variable
Annuity Risk Management and Hedging Program, Item 1A. — Risk Factors
— Business and Operations, and Notes 4 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Impairment
Charges

Impairments
of Investments

At each balance sheet date, we evaluate our available for
sale securities holdings with unrealized losses to determine if an
other-than-temporary impairment has occurred.  We also evaluate our other invested
assets for impairment; these include 

 217

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

equity and cost
method investments in private equity funds, hedge funds and other entities as
well as investments in life settlements, aircraft and real estate.

See the discussion in Note 5 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on the methodology and
significant inputs, by investment type, that we use to determine the amount of
impairment.

Impairments
on Investments in Life Settlements

Impairments to investments in life settlements may occur in
the future due to the fact that continued payment of premiums required to
maintain policies will cause the expected lifetime undiscounted cash flows for
some policies to become negative in future reporting periods, even in the absence
of future changes to the mortality assumptions. Impairments may also occur due
to our future sale or lapse of select policies at a value that is below
carrying amount. 

For a discussion of impairments on investments in life
settlements, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Goodwill
Impairment

For a discussion of goodwill impairment, see Note 11 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. In 2015 and 2014, AIG elected to bypass the
qualitative assessment of whether goodwill impairment may exist and, therefore,
performed quantitative assessments that supported a conclusion that the fair
value of all of the reporting units tested exceeded their book value. To
determine fair value, we primarily use a discounted expected future cash flow analysis
that estimates and discounts projected future distributable earnings.  Such
analysis is principally based on AIG’s business projections that inherently
include judgments regarding business trends.

Liability
for Legal Contingencies

We estimate and record a liability for potential losses
that may arise from litigation and regulatory proceedings to the extent such
losses are probable and can be estimated. Determining a reasonable estimate of
the amount of such losses requires significant management judgment. In many
cases, it is not possible to determine whether a liability has been incurred or
to estimate the ultimate or minimum amount of that liability until the matter
is close to resolution. In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the
outcome of such matters, particularly in cases that are in the early stages of
litigation or in which claimants seek substantial or indeterminate damages, we
often cannot predict the outcome or estimate the eventual loss or range of
reasonably possible losses related to such matters.

For more information on legal, regulatory and litigation
matters, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Fair
Value Measurements of Certain Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities

See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information about the measurement of fair value of financial
assets and financial liabilities and our accounting policy regarding the
incorporation of credit risk in fair value measurements.

The following table presents the fair value of fixed
maturity and equity securities by source of value determination:

 December 31, 2015

 Fair

 Percent

 (in billions)

 Value

 of
 Total 

 Fair value based on external sources(a)

 $

 250

 93

 %

 Fair value based on internal sources

 19

 7

 Total fixed maturity and equity
 securities(b)

 $

 269

 100

 %

(a) Includes $26.3 billion for which the primary source
is broker quotes.

 218

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7 /

 CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES

(b) Includes available for sale and
other securities.

Level 3
Assets and Liabilities

Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets are measured and classified in a hierarchy for
disclosure purposes consisting of three “levels” based on the observability of
inputs available in the marketplace used to measure the fair value. See
Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.

The following table presents the amount of assets and
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and classified as
Level 3:

 December 31,

 Percentage

 December
 31,

 Percentage

 (in billions)

 2015

 of Total

 2014

 of
 Total

 Assets

 $

 42.4

 8.5

 %

 $

 44.4

 8.6

 %

 Liabilities

 3.1

 0.8

 2.9

 0.7

Level 3 fair
value measurements are based on valuation techniques that use at least one
significant input that is unobservable. We consider unobservable inputs to be
those for which market data is not available and that are developed using the
best information available about the assumptions that market participants would
use when valuing the asset or liability. Our assessment of the significance of
a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires
judgment.

We classify
fair value measurements for certain assets and liabilities as Level 3 when
they require significant unobservable inputs in their valuation, including
contractual terms, prices and rates, yield curves, credit curves, measures of
volatility, prepayment rates, default rates, mortality rates and correlations
of such inputs.

See Note 4

to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for discussion of the valuation methodologies for assets
and liabilities measured at fair value, as well as a discussion of transfers of
Level 3 assets and liabilities.

 219

TABLE OF CONTENTS

glossary

Glossary

Accident year 

The annual calendar
accounting period in which loss events occurred, regardless of when the losses
are actually reported, booked or paid.

Accident year combined
ratio, as adjusted

The combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement
premiums, prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of
reserve discounting. 

Accident year loss
ratio, as adjusted

The loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums,
prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve
discounting. 

Acquisition ratio

 Acquisition costs
divided by net premiums earned.  Acquisition costs are those costs
incurred to acquire new and renewal insurance contracts and also include the
amortization of VOBA and DAC. Acquisition costs vary with sales and include,
but are not limited to, commissions, premium taxes, direct marketing costs,
certain costs of personnel engaged in sales support activities such as
underwriting. 

Base Spread 

Net investment income
excluding income from alternative investments and enhancements, less interest
credited excluding amortization of sales inducement assets.

Base Yield

 Net investment income excluding income from
alternative investments and enhancements, as a percentage of average base
invested asset portfolio, which excludes alternative investments, other bond
securities and certain other investments for which the fair value option has
been elected.

BET

Binomial
Expansion Technique  

A model that generates expected loss estimates for CDO
tranches and derives a credit rating for those tranches.

Book Value Per Common
Share, Excluding AOCI

and Book Value Per Common Share Excluding AOCI and DTA

 are non-GAAP measures
and are used to show the amount of our net worth on a per-share basis. Book
Value Per Common Share, Excluding AOCI is derived by dividing Total AIG
shareholders’ equity, excluding AOCI, by Total common shares outstanding.

Book Value Per
Common Share, Excluding AOCI and DTA is derived by dividing Total AIG
shareholders’ equity, excluding AOCI and DTA, by Total common shares
outstanding.  

Casualty insurance

 Insurance that is
primarily associated with the losses caused by injuries to third persons, i.e.,
not the insured, and the legal liability imposed on the insured as a result.

Catastrophe losses

 are generally weather
or seismic events having a net impact on AIG in excess of $10 million each.

Combined ratio

 Sum of the loss ratio
and the acquisition and general operating expense ratios.

CSA

Credit Support
Annex

  A legal document generally associated with an ISDA Master Agreement
that provides for collateral postings which could vary depending on ratings and
threshold levels.

CVA 

 Credit Valuation
Adjustment  

The
CVA adjusts the valuation of derivatives to account for nonperformance risk of
our counterparty with respect to all net derivative assets positions. Also, the
CVA reflects the fair value movement in AIGFP's asset portfolio that is
attributable to credit movements only, without the impact of other market
factors such as interest rates and foreign exchange rates. Finally, the CVA also
accounts for our own credit risk in the fair value measurement of all
derivative net liability positions and liabilities where AIG has elected the
fair value option, when appropriate. 

DAC

Deferred Policy
Acquisition Costs

  Deferred costs that are incremental and directly related
to the successful acquisition of new business or renewal of existing business.

DAC Related to
Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of Investments  

An adjustment to DAC
for investment-oriented products, equal to the change in DAC amortization that
would have been recorded if fixed maturity and equity securities available for
sale had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds
reinvested at current yields (also referred to as “shadow DAC”).

Deferred Gain on
Retroactive Reinsurance  

Retroactive reinsurance is a reinsurance
contract in which an assuming entity agrees to reimburse a ceding entity for
liabilities incurred as a result of past insurable events. If the amount of
premium paid by the ceding reinsurer is less than the related ceded loss
reserves, the resulting gain is deferred and amortized over the settlement
period of the reserves. Any related development on the ceded loss reserves
recoverable under the contract would increase the deferred gain if unfavorable,
or decrease the deferred gain if favorable.

 220

TABLE OF CONTENTS

glossary

Expense
ratio

Sum of acquisition expenses and general operating expenses, divided by net
premiums earned.

First-Lien

  Priority over all
other liens or claims on a property in the event of default on a mortgage. 

General operating
expense ratio

General operating expenses divided by net premiums earned. General operating
expenses are those costs that are generally attributed to the support
infrastructure of the organization and include but are not limited to personnel
costs, projects and bad debt expenses. General operating expenses exclude
losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, acquisition expenses, and
investment expenses.

GIC/GIA

Guaranteed
Investment Contract/Guaranteed Investment Agreement

  A contract whereby the
seller provides a guaranteed repayment of principal and a fixed or floating
interest rate for a predetermined period of time.

G-SII

Global
Systemically Important Insurer

  An insurer that is deemed globally
systemically important (that is, of such size, market importance and global
interconnectedness that the distress or failure of the insurer would cause
significant dislocation in the global financial system and adverse economic
consequences across a range of countries) by the Financial Stability Board, in
consultation with and based on a methodology developed by the International
Association of Insurance Supervisors.

IBNR

Incurred But Not
Reported

  Estimates of claims that have been incurred but not reported to
us.

ISDA Master Agreement

  An agreement between
two counterparties, which may have multiple derivative transactions with each other
governed by such agreement, that generally provides for the net settlement of
all or a specified group of these derivative transactions, as well as pledged
collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in the event of a
default on, or affecting any, one derivative transaction or a termination event
affecting all, or a specified group of, derivative transactions.

LAE

  Loss Adjustment
Expenses

The expenses of settling claims, including legal and other fees and the portion
of general expenses allocated to claim settlement costs.

Loss Ratio

 Losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred divided by net premiums earned. Loss adjustment
expenses are directly attributed to settling and paying claims of insureds and
include, but are not limited to, legal fees, adjuster’s fees, and claims
department personnel costs.

Loss reserve
development

The increase or decrease in incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses as a
result of the re-estimation of liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses at successive valuation dates for a given group of claims.

Loss reserves

  Liability for unpaid
losses and loss adjustment expenses. The estimated ultimate cost of settling
claims relating to insured events that have occurred on or before the balance sheet
date, whether or not reported to the insurer at that date.

LTV

Loan-to-Value
Ratio

  Principal amount of loan amount divided by appraised value of
collateral securing the loan.

Master netting
agreement

An agreement between two counterparties who have multiple derivative contracts
with each other that provides for the net settlement of all contracts covered
by such agreement, as well as pledged collateral, through a single payment, in
a single currency, in the event of default on or upon termination of any one
such contract.

Net premiums written

  Represent the sales
of an insurer, adjusted for reinsurance premiums assumed and ceded, during a
given period. Net premiums earned are the revenue of an insurer for covering
risk during a given period. Net premiums written are a measure of performance
for a sales period, while Net premiums earned are a measure of performance for
a coverage period.

Nonbank SIFI

Nonbank
Systemically Important Financial Institutions

  Financial institutions are
deemed nonbank systemically important (that is, the failure of the financial
institution could pose a threat to the financial stability of the United
States) by the Financial Stability Oversight Council based on a three-stage
analytical process.

Noncontrolling
interest

The portion of equity ownership in a consolidated subsidiary not attributable
to the controlling parent company.

Policy fees

  An amount added to a
policy premium, or deducted from a policy cash value or contract holder
account, to reflect the cost of issuing a policy, establishing the required
records, sending premium notices and other related expenses.

Pool 

 A reinsurance
arrangement whereby all of the underwriting results of the pool members are
combined and then shared by each member in accordance with its pool
participation percentage. Prior to January 1, 2014, AIG maintained two pools,
the admitted lines pool and the surplus lines pool.  Effective January 1,
2014, these two pools were merged into the combined pool.

 221

TABLE OF CONTENTS

glossary

Premiums
and deposits – Institutional Markets

 include direct and assumed amounts received
and earned on group benefit policies and life-contingent payout annuities and
deposits received on investment-type annuity contracts, including GICs.

Premiums and deposits
– Retirement 

and 

– Life

include direct and assumed amounts received on traditional life insurance
policies and group benefit policies, and deposits on life-contingent payout
annuities, as well as deposits received on universal life, investment-type
annuity contracts and mutual funds.

Prior year
development

Increase
(referred to as unfavorable or adverse development or reserve strengthening) or
decrease (referred to as favorable development) in estimates of losses and loss
expenses for prior years that is included in earnings.

RBC

  Risk-Based Capital 

 A formula designed to
measure the adequacy of an insurer’s statutory surplus compared to the risks
inherent in its business.

Reinstatement premium

  Additional premiums
payable to reinsurers to restore coverage limits that have been exhausted as a
result of reinsured losses under certain excess of loss reinsurance treaties.

Reinsurance

  The practice whereby
one insurer, the reinsurer, in consideration of a premium paid to that insurer,
agrees to indemnify another insurer, the ceding company, for part or all of the
liability of the ceding company under one or more policies or contracts of
insurance which it has issued.

Rescission

  Denial of claims and
termination of coverage on loans related to fraudulent or undocumented claims,
underwriting guideline violations and other deviations from contractual terms.

Retroactive
Reinsurance

See
Deferred Gain on Retroactive Reinsurance.

Return on Equity –
After-tax Operating Income Excluding AOCI and Return on Equity – After-tax
Operating Income Excluding AOCI and DTA 

are non-GAAP measures and

are used to
show the rate of return on shareholders’ equity. Return on Equity – After-tax
Operating Income Excluding AOCI is derived by dividing actual or annualized
after-tax operating income attributable to AIG by average AIG shareholders’
equity, excluding average AOCI. Return on Equity – After-tax Operating Income
Excluding AOCI and DTA is derived by dividing actual or annualized after-tax
operating income attributable to AIG by average AIG shareholders’ equity,
excluding average AOCI and DTA.

Salvage 

The amount that can be
recovered by us for the sale of damaged goods for which our policyholder has
been indemnified (and to which title was transferred to us).

Second-lien

  Subordinate in
ranking to the first-lien holder claims on a property in the event of default
on a mortgage.

Severe losses

 Individual
non-catastrophe first party losses and surety losses greater than $10 million,
net of related reinsurance and salvage and subrogation.  Severe losses include
claims related to satellite explosions, plane crashes, and shipwrecks.

SIA

Sales Inducement
Asset

  Represents enhanced crediting rates or bonus payments to contract
holders on certain annuity and investment contract products that meet the
criteria to be deferred and amortized over the life of the contract.

Solvency II 

 Legislation in the
European Union which reforms the insurance industry’s solvency framework,
including minimum capital and solvency requirements, governance requirements,
risk management and public reporting standards.  The Solvency II Directive
(2009/138/EEC) was adopted on November 25, 2009 and is expected to become
effective on January 1, 2016.

Subrogation  

The amount of recovery
for claims we have paid our policyholders, generally from a negligent third
party or such party’s insurer.

Surrender charge

  A charge levied
against an investor for the early withdrawal of funds from a life insurance or
annuity contract, or for the cancellation of the agreement. 

Surrender rate

 represents annualized
surrenders and withdrawals as a percentage of average account value.

Unearned premium
reserve  

Liabilities
established by insurers and reinsurers to reflect unearned premiums, which are
usually refundable to policyholders if an insurance or reinsurance contract is
canceled prior to expiration of the contract term.

VOBA

  Value of Business
Acquired  Present value of projected future gross profits from in-force
policies of acquired businesses
. 

 222

TABLE OF CONTENTS

acronyms

 Acronyms

 A&H 

Accident
 and Health Insurance

 GMIB

  Guaranteed Minimum
 Income Benefits 

 ABS 

Asset-Backed
 Securities

 GMWB

  Guaranteed Minimum
 Withdrawal Benefits 

 CDO 

Collateralized
 Debt Obligations

 ISDA

  International
 Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.

 CDS 

Credit
 Default Swap

 Moody's

 Moody's Corporation

 CLO 

Collateralized
 Loan Obligations

 NAIC

  National
 Association of Insurance Commissioners

 CMA 

Capital
 Maintenance Agreement

 NM

  Not Meaningful

 CMBS 

Commercial
 Mortgage-Backed Securities

 OTC

 Over-the-Counter

 EGPs 

Estimated
 gross profits

 OTTI

 Other-Than-Temporary Impairment

 FASB 

Financial
 Accounting Standards Board

 RMBS

  Residential
 Mortgage-Backed Securities

 FRBNY 

Federal
 Reserve Bank of New York

 S&P

  Standard &
 Poor’s Financial Services LLC

 GAAP

Accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America

 SEC 

 Securities and
 Exchange Commission

 GMAB 

Guaranteed
 Minimum Accumulation Benefits

 URR

  Unearned revenue
 reserve

 GMDB 

Guaranteed
 Minimum Death Benefits

 VIE

  Variable Interest
 Entity

 223

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 7a /

 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

ITEM 7A / 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

The information required by this item is set forth in the
Enterprise Risk Management section of Item 7. Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and is incorporated
herein by reference.

 224

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT
AND SCHEDULES

ITEM 8 / 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

American
International Group, Inc. 

Index to Financial
Statements and Schedules

 Page

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

 229

 Consolidated Balance Sheets at
 December 31, 2015 and 2014

 230

 Consolidated Statements of
 Income for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013

 231

 Consolidated Statements of
 Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014
 and 2013

 232

 Consolidated Statements of
 Equity for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013

 233 

 Consolidated Statements of
 Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013

 234 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Note 1.

 Basis of
 Presentation

 236

 Note 2

.

 Summary of
 Significant Accounting Policies

 237

 Note 3.

 Segment Information

 244

 Note 4.

 Fair Value
 Measurements

 247

 Note 5.

 Investments

 269

 Note 6.

 Lending
 Activities

 281

 Note 7.

 Reinsurance

 284

 Note 8.

 Deferred Policy
 Acquisition Costs

 286

 Note 9.

 Variable Interest
 Entities

 289

 Note 10.

 Derivatives
 and Hedge Accounting

 292

 Note 11.

 Goodwill

 296

 Note 12

.

 Insurance Liabilities

 297

 Note 13.

 Variable
 Life and Annuity Contracts

 302

 Note 14.

 Debt

 304

 Note 15.

 Contingencies,
 Commitments and Guarantees

 306

 Note 16

.

 Equity

 312

 Note 17.

 Earnings Per Share

 316

 Note 18.

 Statutory
 Financial Data and Restrictions

 317

 Note 19.

 Share-based
 and Other Compensation Plans

 319

 Note 20.

 Employee
 Benefits

 323

 Note 21.

 Ownership

 333

 Note 22

.

 Income Taxes

 333

 Note 23.

 Quarterly Financial
 Information (Unaudited)

 340

 Note 24.

 Information
 Provided in Connection With Outstanding Debt

 341

 Note 25

 Subsequent Events

 349

 225

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT
AND SCHEDULES

Schedules:

 Schedule I

 Summary of Investments —
 Other than Investments in Related Parties at December 31, 2015

 360

 Schedule II

 Condensed Financial
 Information of Registrant at December 31, 2015 and 2014 and for the years
 ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013

 361

 Schedule III

 Supplementary Insurance Information
 at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and for the years then ended

 365

 Schedule IV

 Reinsurance at December 31,
 2015, 2014 and 2013 and for the years then ended

 366

 Schedule V

 Valuation and Qualifying
 Accounts at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and for the years then ended

 367

 226

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the
Board of Directors and Shareholders of American International Group, Inc.:

In our
opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of American
International Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (AIG) at December 31, 2015
and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In
addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedules listed in the
accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the information
set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated
financial statements. Also in our opinion, AIG maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in the 
Internal
Control — Integrated Framework 2013 

issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). AIG’s management is
responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedules,
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
appearing under Item 9A in the 2015 Form 10-K. Our responsibility is to
express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement
schedules, and on AIG’s internal control over financial reporting based on our
integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in
all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as
we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

A company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.

Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

New York, New York

February
19, 2016

 227

TABLE OF CONTENTS

American
International Group, Inc.

Consolidated Balance SheetS

 December 31,

 December
 31,

 (in millions, except for share data)

 2015

 2014

 Assets:

 Investments:

 Fixed maturity securities:

 Bonds available for sale, at fair value
 (amortized cost: 2015 - $240,968; 2014 - $243,307)

 $

 248,245

 $

 259,859

 Other bond securities, at fair value (See
 Note 5)

 16,782

 19,712

 Equity Securities:

 Common and preferred stock available for
 sale, at fair value (cost: 2015 - $1,379; 2014 - $1,930)

 2,915

 4,395

 Other common and preferred stock, at fair
 value (See Note 5)

 921

 1,049

 Mortgage and other loans receivable, net
 of allowance (portion measured at fair value: 2015 - $11; 2014 - $6)

 29,565

 24,990

 Other invested assets (portion measured
 at fair value: 2015 - $8,912; 2014 - $9,394)

 29,794

 34,518

 Short-term investments (portion measured
 at fair value: 2015 - $2,591; 2014 - $1,684)

 10,132

 11,243

 Total investments

 338,354

 355,766

 Cash

 1,629

 1,758

 Accrued investment income

 2,623

 2,712

 Premiums and other receivables, net of
 allowance

 11,451

 12,031

 Reinsurance assets, net of allowance

 20,413

 21,959

 Deferred income taxes

 20,394

 19,339

 Deferred policy acquisition costs

 11,115

 9,827

 Other assets, including restricted cash
 of $170 in 2015 and $2,025 in 2014

 11,390

 12,153

 Separate account assets, at fair value

 79,574

 80,036

 Total assets

 $

 496,943

 $

 515,581

 Liabilities:

 Liability for unpaid losses and loss
 adjustment expenses

 $

 74,942

 $

 77,260

 Unearned premiums

 21,318

 21,324

 Future policy benefits for life and
 accident and health insurance contracts

 43,585

 42,749

 Policyholder contract deposits (portion
 measured at fair value: 2015 - $2,325; 2014 - $1,561)

 127,588

 124,613

 Other policyholder funds (portion
 measured at fair value: 2015 - $6; 2014 - $8)

 4,212

 4,669

 Other liabilities (portion measured at
 fair value: 2015 - $62; 2014 - $350)

 26,164

 26,441

 Long-term debt (portion measured at fair
 value: 2015 - $3,670; 2014 - $5,466)

 29,350

 31,217

 Separate account liabilities

 79,574

 80,036

 Total liabilities

 406,733

 408,309

 Contingencies, commitments and guarantees
 (see Note 15)

 AIG shareholders’ equity:

 Common stock, $2.50 par value;
 5,000,000,000 shares authorized; shares issued: 2015 - 1,906,671,492 and

 2014 - 1,906,671,492

 4,766

 4,766

 Treasury stock, at cost; 2015 - 712,754,875;
 2014 - 530,744,521 shares of common stock

 (30,098)

 (19,218)

 Additional paid-in capital

 81,510

 80,958

 Retained earnings

 30,943

 29,775

 Accumulated other comprehensive income

 2,537

 10,617

 Total AIG shareholders’ equity

 89,658

 106,898

 Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests

 552

 374

 Total equity

 90,210

 107,272

 Total liabilities and equity

 $

 496,943

 $

 515,581

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements.

 228

TABLE OF CONTENTS

American
International Group, Inc.

Consolidated
StatementS of INCOME

 Years Ended December 31,

 (dollars in millions, except per share
 data)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Revenues:

    Premiums

 $

 36,655

 $

 37,254

 $

 37,499

    Policy fees

 2,755

 2,615

 2,340

    Net investment income

 14,053

 16,079

 15,810

 Net realized capital gains:

 Total other-than-temporary impairments on
 available for sale securities

 (556)

 (182)

 (165)

 Portion of other-than-temporary
 impairments on available for sale

 fixed maturity securities recognized in
 Other comprehensive income (loss)

 (35)

 (35)

 (22)

 Net other-than-temporary impairments on
 available for sale

 securities recognized in net income

 (591)

 (217)

 (187)

 Other realized capital gains

 1,367

 956

 2,126

 Total net realized capital gains

 776

 739

 1,939

    Aircraft leasing revenue

 -

 1,602

 4,420

    Other income 

 4,088

 6,117

 6,866

 Total revenues

 58,327

 64,406

 68,874

 Benefits, losses and expenses:

    Policyholder benefits and losses
 incurred

 31,345

 28,281

 29,503

    Interest credited to policyholder
 account balances

 3,731

 3,768

 3,892

    Amortization of deferred policy
 acquisition costs

 5,236

 5,330

 5,157

 General operating and other expenses

 12,686

 13,138

 13,564

    Interest expense

 1,281

 1,718

 2,142

    Aircraft leasing expenses

 -

 1,585

 4,549

 Loss on extinguishment of debt 

 756

 2,282

 651

 Net (gain) loss on sale of properties and
 divested businesses

 11

 (2,197)

 48

 Total benefits, losses and expenses

 55,046

 53,905

 59,506

 Income from continuing operations before
 income tax expense

 3,281

 10,501

 9,368

 Income tax expense:

    Current

 820

 588

 680

    Deferred

 239

 2,339

 (320)

 Income tax expense

 1,059

 2,927

 360

 Income from continuing operations

 2,222

 7,574

 9,008

 Income (loss) from discontinued
 operations, net of income tax expense

 -

 (50)

 84

 Net income

 2,222

 7,524

 9,092

 Less:

 Net income (loss) from continuing
 operations attributable to

 noncontrolling interests

 26

 (5)

 7

 Net income attributable to AIG

 $

 2,196

 $

 7,529

 $

 9,085

 Net income attributable to AIG common
 shareholders

 $

 2,196

 $

 7,529

 $

 9,085

 Income per common share attributable to
 AIG:

    Basic:

 Income from continuing operations

 $

 1.69

 $

 5.31

 $

 6.11

 Income (loss) from discontinued
 operations

 $

 -

 $

 (0.04)

 $

 0.05

 Net income attributable to AIG

 $

 1.69

 $

 5.27

 $

 6.16

    Diluted:

 Income from continuing operations

 $

 1.65

 $

 5.24

 $

 6.08

 Income (loss) from discontinued
 operations

 $

 -

 $

 (0.04)

 $

 0.05

 Net income attributable to AIG

 $

 1.65

 $

 5.20

 $

 6.13

 Weighted average shares outstanding:

    Basic

 1,299,825,350

 1,427,959,799

 1,474,171,690

    Diluted

 1,334,464,883

 1,447,553,652

 1,481,206,797

 Dividends declared per common share

 $

 0.81

 $

 0.50

 $

 0.20

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements.

 229

TABLE OF CONTENTS

American
International Group, Inc.

Consolidated
StatementS of Comprehensive Income (Loss)

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Net income

 $

 2,222

 $

 7,524

 $

 9,092

 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of
 tax

    Change in unrealized appreciation
 (depreciation) of fixed maturity securities on 

       which other-than-temporary credit
 impairments were recognized

 (347)

 107

 361

    Change in unrealized appreciation
 (depreciation) of all other investments

 (6,762)

 5,538

 (6,673)

    Change in foreign currency translation
 adjustments

 (1,100)

 (832)

 (556)

    Change in net derivative gains arising
 from cash flow hedging activities

 -

 -

 -

    Change in retirement plan liabilities
 adjustment

 123

 (556)

 631

 Other comprehensive income (loss)

 (8,086)

 4,257

 (6,237)

 Comprehensive income (loss)

 (5,864)

 11,781

 2,855

    Comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to noncontrolling nonvoting, callable,

       junior and senior preferred
 interests

 -

 -

 -

    Comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to other noncontrolling interests

 20

 (5)

 (16)

 Total comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to noncontrolling interests

 20

 (5)

 (16)

 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable
 to AIG

 $

 (5,884)

 $

 11,786

 $

 2,871

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements.

 230

TABLE OF CONTENTS

American International
Group, Inc.

Consolidated
StatementS of Equity

 Non-

 Accumulated

 Total
 AIG

 redeemable

 Additional

 Other

 Share-

 Non-

 Common

 Treasury

 Paid-in

 Retained

 Comprehensive

 holders'

 controlling

 Total

 (in millions) 

 Stock

 Stock

 Capital

 Earnings

 Income

 Equity

 Interests

 Equity

 Balance, January 1, 2013

 $

 4,766

 $

 (13,924)

 $

 80,410

 $

 14,176

 $

 12,574

 $

 98,002

 $

 667

 $

 98,669

 Purchase of common stock

 -

 (597)

 -

 -

 -

 (597)

 -

 (597)

 Net income attributable to AIG or other

    noncontrolling interests*

 -

 -

 -

 9,085

 -

 9,085

 5

 9,090

 Dividends

 -

 -

 -

 (294)

 -

 (294)

 -

 (294)

 Other comprehensive loss

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (6,214)

 (6,214)

 (5)

 (6,219)

 Deferred income taxes

 -

 -

 355

 -

 -

 355

 -

 355

 Contributions from noncontrolling
 interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 33

 33

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (81)

 (81)

 Other

 -

 1

 134

 (2)

 -

 133

 (8)

 125

 Balance, December 31, 2013

 $

 4,766

 $

 (14,520)

 $

 80,899

 $

 22,965

 $

 6,360

 $

 100,470

 $

 611

 $

 101,081

 Purchase of common stock

 -

 (4,698)

 -

 -

 -

 (4,698)

 -

 (4,698)

 Net income (loss) attributable to AIG or
 other

    noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 7,529

 -

 7,529

 (5)

 7,524

 Dividends

 -

 -

 -

 (712)

 -

 (712)

 -

 (712)

 Other comprehensive income (loss)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 4,257

 4,257

 -

 4,257

 Deferred income taxes

 -

 -

 (10)

 -

 -

 (10)

 -

 (10)

 Net decrease due to deconsolidation

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (99)

 (99)

 Contributions from noncontrolling
 interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 17

 17

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (147)

 (147)

 Other

 -

 -

 69

 (7)

 -

 62

 (3)

 59

 Balance, December 31, 2014

 $

 4,766

 $

 (19,218)

 $

 80,958

 $

 29,775

 $

 10,617

 $

 106,898

 $

 374

 $

 107,272

 Common stock issued under stock plans

 -

 13

 (13)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Purchase of common stock

 -

 (10,895)

 -

 -

 -

 (10,895)

 -

 (10,895)

 Net income attributable to AIG or

    noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 2,196

 -

 2,196

 26

 2,222

 Dividends

 -

 -

 -

 (1,028)

 -

 (1,028)

 -

 (1,028)

 Other comprehensive loss

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (8,080)

 (8,080)

 (6)

 (8,086)

 Deferred income taxes

 -

 -

 (9)

 -

 -

 (9)

 -

 (9)

 Net increase due to acquisitions and
 consolidations

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 231

 231

 Contributions from noncontrolling
 interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 1

 1

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (82)

 (82)

 Other

 -

 2

 574

 -

 -

 576

 8

 584

 Balance, December 31, 2015

 $

 4,766

 $

 (30,098)

 $

 81,510

 $

 30,943

 $

 2,537

 $

 89,658

 $

 552

 $

 90,210

* 

Excludes gains of $2 million in 2013, attributable to
redeemable noncontrolling interests.

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

 231

TABLE OF CONTENTS

American
International Group, Inc.

Consolidated
StatementS of Cash Flows

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Cash flows from operating activities:

    Net income

 $

 2,222

 $

 7,524

 $

 9,092

    (Income) loss from discontinued
 operations

 -

 50

 (84)

    Adjustments to reconcile net income to
 net cash provided by operating activities:

    Noncash revenues, expenses, gains and
 losses included in income:

       Net gains on sales of securities
 available for sale and other assets

 (1,111)

 (764)

 (2,741)

       Net (gains) losses on sales of
 divested businesses

 11

 (2,197)

 48

       Net losses on extinguishment of
 debt

 756

 2,282

 651

       Unrealized gains in earnings – net

 (522)

 (1,239)

 (156)

       Equity in income from equity method
 investments, net of dividends or distributions

 (481)

 (1,394)

 (1,484)

       Depreciation and other amortization

 4,629

 4,448

 4,713

       Impairments of assets

 1,500

 610

 1,332

    Changes in operating assets and
 liabilities:

       Insurance reserves

 1,645

 (2,281)

 (2,576)

       Premiums and other receivables and
 payables – net

 (70)

 820

 43

       Reinsurance assets and funds held
 under reinsurance treaties

 1,525

 1,872

 2,131

       Capitalization of deferred policy
 acquisition costs

 (5,808)

 (5,880)

 (5,834)

       Current and deferred income taxes –
 net

 548

 2,190

 (437)

       Other, net

 (1,967)

 (1,034)

 1,167

       Total adjustments

 655

 (2,567)

 (3,143)

 Net cash provided by operating activities

 2,877

 5,007

 5,865

 Cash flows from investing activities:

 Proceeds from (payments for)

    Sales or distribution of:

       Available for sale investments

 28,721

 25,526

 36,050

       Other securities

 6,055

 4,930

 5,134

       Other invested assets 

 8,002

 3,884

 6,442

       Divested businesses, net

 -

 2,348

 -

    Maturities of fixed maturity
 securities available for sale 

 24,734

 25,560

 26,048

    Principal payments received on and
 sales of mortgage and other loans receivable

 5,104

 3,856

 3,420

    Purchases of:

       Available for sale investments

 (48,848)

 (45,552)

 (63,339)

       Other securities

 (2,704)

 (472)

 (2,040)

       Other invested assets

 (3,573)

 (4,078)

 (7,242)

       Mortgage and other loans receivable

 (10,140)

 (8,008)

 (5,266)

    Net change in restricted cash

 1,457

 (1,447)

 1,244

    Net change in short-term investments

 1,163

 8,760

 7,842

    Other, net

 (1,509)

 (1,023)

 (1,194)

 Net cash provided by investing activities

 8,462

 14,284

 7,099

 Cash flows from financing activities:

 Proceeds from (payments for)

    Policyholder contract deposits

 17,029

 16,829

 15,772

    Policyholder contract withdrawals

 (14,619)

 (15,110)

 (16,319)

    Issuance of long-term debt

 6,867

 6,687

 5,235

    Repayments of long-term debt

 (9,805)

 (16,160)

 (14,197)

    Purchase of Common Stock

 (10,691)

 (4,902)

 (597)

    Dividends paid

 (1,028)

 (712)

 (294)

    Other, net

 818

 (6,420)

 (1,358)

 Net cash used in financing activities

 (11,429)

 (19,788)

 (11,758)

 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash

 (39)

 (74)

 (92)

 Net increase (decrease) in cash

 (129)

 (571)

 1,114

 Cash at beginning of year

 1,758

 2,241

 1,151

 Change in cash of businesses held for
 sale

 -

 88

 (24)

 Cash at end of year

 $

 1,629

 $

 1,758

 $

 2,241

 232

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 Supplementary Disclosure of
 Consolidated Cash Flow Information

 Cash paid during the period for:

    Interest

 $

 1,368

 $

 3,367

 $

 3,856

    Taxes

 $

 511

 $

 737

 $

 796

 Non-cash investing/financing activities:

    Interest credited to policyholder
 contract deposits included in financing activities

 $

 3,676

 $

 3,904

 $

 3,987

    Non-cash consideration received from
 sale of ILFC

 $

 -

 $

 4,586

 $

 -

    Non-cash consideration received from
 sale of AerCap

 $

 500

 $

 -

 $

 -

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements.

 233

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION

1. BASIS
OF PRESENTATION

American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading
global insurance organization serving customers in more than 100 countries and
jurisdictions. AIG companies serve commercial, institutional and individual
customers through one of the most extensive worldwide property‑casualty
networks of any insurer. In addition, AIG companies are leading providers of
life insurance and retirement services in the United States. AIG Common Stock,
par value $2.50 per share (AIG Common Stock), is listed on the New York Stock
Exchange (NYSE: AIG) and the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Unless the context indicates
otherwise, the terms “AIG,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean American International
Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries and the term “AIG Parent” means
American International Group, Inc. and not any of its consolidated
subsidiaries.

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of AIG Parent, our controlled subsidiaries (generally through a greater than 50 percent
ownership of voting rights and voting interests), and variable interest
entities (VIEs) of which we are the primary beneficiary. Equity investments in
entities that we do not consolidate, including corporate entities in which we have
significant influence and partnership and partnership-like entities in which we
have more than minor influence over the operating and financial policies, are
accounted for under the equity method unless we have elected the fair value option.

Certain of our foreign subsidiaries included in the
Consolidated Financial Statements report on different fiscal-period bases. The
effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations of all
material events occurring at these subsidiaries through the date of each of the
periods presented in these Consolidated Financial Statements has been recorded.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States (GAAP). All material intercompany accounts and transactions have
been eliminated.

Sale of ILFC

On May 14, 2014, we completed the sale of 100 percent of the
common stock of International Lease Finance Corporation (ILFC) to AerCap
Ireland Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of AerCap Holdings N.V. (AerCap), in
exchange for total consideration of approximately $7.6 billion, including cash
and 97.6 million newly issued AerCap common shares (the AerCap Transaction).
The total value of the consideration was based in part on AerCap’s closing
price per share of $47.01 on May 13, 2014. ILFC’s results of operations are
reflected in Aircraft leasing revenue and Aircraft leasing expenses in the
Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) through the date of the completion of
the sale. 

In June 2015, we sold 86.9 million ordinary shares of AerCap
by means of an underwritten public offering of 71.2 million ordinary shares and
a private sale of 15.7 million ordinary shares to AerCap. We received cash
proceeds of approximately $3.7 billion, reflecting proceeds of approximately
$3.4 billion from the underwritten offering and cash proceeds of $250 million
from the private sale of shares to AerCap. In connection with the closing of
the private sale of shares to AerCap, we also received $500 million of 6.50%
fixed-to-floating rate junior subordinated notes issued by AerCap Global
Aviation Trust and guaranteed by AerCap and certain of its
subsidiaries. These notes, included in Bonds available for sale, mature in
2045 and are callable beginning in 2025.  We accounted for our interest in
AerCap using the equity method of accounting through the date of the June 2015
sale, and as available for sale thereafter.  In August 2015, we sold our
remaining 10.7 million ordinary shares of AerCap by means of an underwritten
public offering and received proceeds of approximately $500 million. 

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with
GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a
significant degree of judgment. Accounting policies that we believe are most
dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions are considered our
critical accounting estimates and are related to the determination of:

•

income tax assets and liabilities, including recoverability of our net
deferred tax asset and the predictability of future tax operating profitability
of the character necessary to realize the net deferred tax asset;

 234

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION

•

liability for unpaid
losses and loss adjustment expenses;

•

reinsurance assets;

•

valuation of future policy benefit liabilities and timing and extent of
loss recognition;

•

valuation of liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of variable
annuity products;

•

estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs for
investment-oriented products;

•

impairment charges, including other-than-temporary impairments on available
for sale securities, impairments on other invested assets, including
investments in life settlements, and goodwill impairment;

•

liability for legal contingencies; and

•

fair value measurements of certain financial assets and liabilities.

These accounting estimates require the use of assumptions
about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. To
the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used, our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be
materially affected.

Out of Period Adjustments

For the year ended December 31, 2015, we recorded out of
period adjustments relating to prior years that decreased Net income
attributable to AIG by $156 million, decreased Income from continuing
operations before income taxes by $376 million and decreased pre-tax operating
income by $235 million.  The out of period adjustments are primarily
related to impairments of Other invested assets and changes in Liability for
unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses and income tax liabilities.
 Had these adjustments, which were determined not to be material, been
recorded in their appropriate periods, Net Income attributable to AIG for the
years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 would have decreased by $51 million and
increased by $78 million, respectively.

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The following table identifies our significant accounting
policies presented in other Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements,
with a reference to the Note where a detailed description can be found:

 Note 5.

 Investments

 ·

Fixed maturity and equity securities

 ·

Other invested assets

 ·

Short-term investments

 ·

Net investment income

 ·

Net realized capital gains (losses)

 ·

Other-than-temporary impairments

 Note 
6. 

 Lending Activities

 ·

Mortgage and other loans receivable –
 net of allowance

 Note
 7.

 Reinsurance

 ·

Reinsurance assets – net of allowance

 Note
 8.

 Deferred Policy Acquisition
 Costs

 ·

Deferred policy acquisition costs

 ·

Amortization of deferred policy
 acquisition costs

 Note
 10.

 Derivatives and Hedge Accounting

 ·

Derivative assets and liabilities, at fair value

 Note
 11.

 Goodwill

 Note
 12.

 Insurance Liabilities

 ·

Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses

·

Discounting of reserves

 ·

Future policy benefits

 ·

Policyholder contract deposits

 ·

Other policyholder funds

 Note 13

 Variable Life and Annuity
 Contracts

 Note
 14.

 Debt

 ·

Long-term debt

 Note
 15.

 Contingencies, Commitments and
 Guarantees

 ·

Legal contingencies

 Note
 17.

 Earnings Per Share

 Note
 22.

 Income Taxes

 235

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Other
significant accounting policies

Premiums

 for
short-duration contracts are recorded as written on the inception date of the
policy. Premiums are earned primarily on a pro rata basis over the term of the
related coverage. Sales of extended services contracts are reflected as
premiums written and earned on a pro rata basis over the term of the related
coverage.  In addition, certain miscellaneous income is included as premiums
written and earned. The reserve for unearned premiums includes the portion of
premiums written relating to the unexpired terms of coverage. Reinsurance
premiums are typically earned over the same period as the underlying policies
or risks covered by the contract.   As a result, the earnings pattern of a
reinsurance contract may extend up to 24 months, reflecting the inception dates
of the underlying policies throughout the year.

Reinsurance premiums ceded are
recognized as a reduction in revenues over the period the reinsurance coverage
is provided in proportion to the risks to which the premiums relate.

Premiums for long-duration
insurance products and life contingent annuities are recognized as revenues when
due. Estimates for premiums due but not yet collected are accrued. 

Policy
fees

 represent fees recognized from
universal life and investment-type products consisting of policy charges for
the cost of insurance, policy administration charges, surrender charges and
amortization of unearned revenue reserves.

Policy fees are
recognized as revenues in the period in which they are assessed against
policyholders, unless the fees are designed to compensate AIG for services to
be provided in the future.  Fees deferred as unearned revenue are
amortized in relation to the incidence of expected gross profits to be realized
over the estimated lives of the contracts, similar to DAC.

Aircraft
leasing revenue 

from flight equipment
under operating leases, through May 14, 2014, the date of disposal of ILFC, was
recognized over the life of the leases as rental payments became receivable
under the provisions of the leases or, in the case of leases with varying
payments, under the straight-line method over the noncancelable term of the
leases. In certain cases, leases provided for additional payments contingent on
usage. In those cases, rental revenue was recognized at the time such usage
occurred, net of estimated future contractual aircraft maintenance
reimbursements. Gains on sales of flight equipment were recognized when flight
equipment was sold and the risk of ownership of the equipment passed to the new
owner.

Other
income 

includes advisory fee income from the Consumer Insurance broker
dealer business, 
as well as legal recoveries of $94 million, $804
million and $1.2 billion from legacy crisis and other matters in 2015, 2014 and
2013, respectively.

Other income from our Corporate and Other
category consists of the following:

•

Changes in fair value relating to financial assets and liabilities for
which the fair value option has been elected.

•

Interest income and related expenses, including amortization of premiums
and accretion of discounts on bonds with changes in the timing and the amount
of expected principal and interest cash flows reflected in the yield, as
applicable.

•

Dividend income from common and preferred stock and earnings distributions
from other investments.

 236

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES

•

Changes in the fair value of other securities sold but not yet
purchased, futures, hybrid financial instruments, securities purchased under
agreements to resell, and securities sold under agreements to repurchase.

•

Income earned on real estate based investments and related realized
gains and losses from sales, property level impairments and financing costs.

•

Exchange gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions.

•

Earnings from private equity funds and hedge fund investments accounted
for under the equity method.

•

Changes in the fair value of derivatives at 
AIG
Financial Products Corp. and related subsidiaries (collectively AIGFP)
. 

•

Gains and losses recognized in earnings on derivatives designated as
hedges, for the effective portion and their related hedged items.

Aircraft
leasing expenses 

through May 14, 2014, the date of disposal of
ILFC, consisted of ILFC interest expense, depreciation expense, impairment
charges, fair value adjustments and lease-related charges on aircraft as well
as selling, general and administrative expenses and other expenses incurred by
ILFC.

Cash 

represents
cash on hand and non-interest- bearing demand deposits.

Short-term investments

consist of interest‑bearing cash equivalents, time deposits, securities
purchased under agreements to resell, and investments, such as commercial
paper, with original maturities within one year from the date of purchase.

Premiums
and other receivables – net of allowance 

include premium balances
receivable, amounts due from agents and brokers and policyholders, trade
receivables for the DIB and GCM and other receivables. Trade receivables for
GCM include cash collateral posted to derivative counterparties that is not
eligible to be netted against derivative liabilities. The allowance for
doubtful accounts on premiums and other receivables was $333 million and $428 million
at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

Other assets

 consist
of sales inducement assets, prepaid expenses, deposits, other deferred charges,
real estate, other fixed assets, capitalized software costs, goodwill,
intangible assets other than goodwill, restricted cash and derivative assets.

We offer sales inducements which include enhanced crediting
rates or bonus payments to contract holders (bonus interest) on certain annuity
and investment contract products. Sales inducements provided to the contract
holder are recognized in Policyholder contract deposits in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. Such amounts are deferred and amortized over the life of the
contract using the same methodology and assumptions used to amortize DAC (see
Note 8 herein). To qualify for such accounting treatment, the bonus interest
must be explicitly identified in the contract at inception. We must also
demonstrate that such amounts are incremental to amounts we credit on similar
contracts without bonus interest, and are higher than the contract’s expected
ongoing crediting rates for periods after the bonus period. The deferred bonus
interest and other deferred sales inducement assets totaled $845 million
and $629 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The
amortization expense associated with these assets is reported within Interest
credited to policyholder account balances in the Consolidated Statements of
Income. Such amortization expense totaled $88 million, $63 million
and $102 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively.

The cost of buildings and furniture and equipment is
depreciated principally on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful
lives (maximum of 40 years for buildings and 10 years for furniture and
equipment). Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to income as
incurred and expenditures for improvements are capitalized and depreciated. We
periodically assess the carrying amount of our real estate for purposes of
determining any asset impairment. Capitalized software costs, which represent
costs directly related to obtaining, developing or upgrading internal use
software, are capitalized and amortized using the straight-line method over a
period generally not exceeding five years. Real estate, fixed assets and other
long-lived assets are assessed for impairment when impairment indicators exist.

 237

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Separate accounts 

represent
funds for which investment income and investment gains and losses accrue
directly to the policyholders who bear the investment risk. Each account has
specific investment objectives and the assets are carried at fair value. The
assets of each account are legally segregated and are not subject to claims
that arise from any of our other businesses. The liabilities for these accounts
are equal to the account assets. For a more detailed discussion of separate
accounts, see Note 13 herein.

Other liabilities 

consist of other funds on
deposit, other payables, securities sold under agreements to repurchase,
securities sold but not yet purchased and derivative liabilities. We have
entered into certain insurance and reinsurance contracts, primarily in our Non-Life
Insurance Companies segment, that do not contain sufficient insurance risk to
be accounted for as insurance or reinsurance. Accordingly, the premiums
received on such contracts, after deduction for certain related expenses, are
recorded as deposits within Other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. Net proceeds of these deposits are invested and generate Net investment
income. As amounts are paid, consistent with the underlying contracts, the
deposit liability is reduced. Also included in Other liabilities are trade
payables for the DIB and GCM, which include option premiums received and
payables to counterparties that relate to unrealized gains and losses on
futures, forwards, and options and balances due to clearing brokers and
exchanges. Trade payables for GCM also include cash collateral received from
derivative counterparties that contractually cannot be netted against
derivative assets.

Securities sold but not yet purchased represent sales of
securities not owned at the time of sale. The obligations arising from such
transactions are recorded on a trade-date basis and carried at fair value. Fair
values of securities sold but not yet purchased are based on current market
prices.  

Foreign currency:

  Financial statement
accounts expressed in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars.
Functional currency assets and liabilities are translated into
U.S. dollars generally using rates of exchange prevailing at the balance
sheet date of each respective subsidiary and the related translation
adjustments are recorded as a separate component of Accumulated other
comprehensive income, net of any related taxes, in Total AIG shareholders’
equity. Income statement accounts expressed in functional currencies are
translated using average exchange rates during the period. Functional
currencies are generally the currencies of the local operating environment.
Financial statement accounts expressed in currencies other than the functional
currency of a consolidated entity are remeasured into that entity’s functional
currency resulting in exchange gains or losses recorded in income. The
adjustments resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign
entities operating in highly inflationary economies are recorded in income. 

Non-redeemable

noncontrolling interest

 is the portion of
equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly,
to a parent.

Accounting Standards
Adopted During 2015

Reclassification of Residential Real Estate Collateralized
Consumer Mortgage Loans upon Foreclosure

In January 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB) issued an accounting standard that clarifies that a creditor is
considered to have received physical possession of residential real estate
property collateralizing a consumer mortgage loan, so that the loan is
derecognized and the real estate property is recognized, when either (i) the
creditor obtains legal title to the residential real estate property upon
completion of a foreclosure or (ii) the borrower conveys all interest in the
residential real estate property to the creditor to satisfy the loan through
completion of a deed in lieu of foreclosure or through a similar legal
agreement.

We adopted the standard on its required effective date of
January 1, 2015. The adoption of this standard had no material effect on our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

 238

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Reporting Discontinued Operations

In April 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
changes the requirements for presenting a component or group of components of
an entity as a discontinued operation and requires new disclosures. Under the
standard, the disposal of a component or group of components of an entity
should be reported as a discontinued operation if the disposal represents a
strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity’s
operations and financial results. Disposals of equity method investments, or
those reported as held-for-sale, must be presented as a discontinued operation
if they meet the new definition. The standard also requires entities to provide
disclosures about the disposal of an individually significant component of an
entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation.

We adopted the standard on its required effective date of
January 1, 2015 on a prospective basis.  The adoption of this standard had no
material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. 

Repurchase-to-Maturity Transactions, Repurchase Financings,
and Disclosures

In June 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
changes the accounting for repurchase-to-maturity transactions and repurchase
financing arrangements. It also requires additional disclosures about
repurchase agreements and other similar transactions. The standard aligns the
accounting for repurchase-to-maturity transactions and repurchase agreements
executed as repurchase financings with the accounting for other typical
repurchase agreements such that they all will be accounted for as secured
borrowings. The standard eliminates sale accounting for repurchase-to-maturity
transactions and supersedes the standard under which a transfer of a financial
asset and a contemporaneous repurchase financing could be accounted for on a
combined basis as a forward agreement.

We adopted the standard on its required effective date of
January 1, 2015 on a prospective basis.  The adoption of this standard had no
material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. 

Future Application of Accounting
Standards

Revenue Recognition

In May 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
supersedes most existing revenue recognition guidance. The standard excludes
from its scope the accounting for insurance contracts, leases, financial
instruments, and certain other agreements that are governed under other GAAP
guidance, but could affect the revenue recognition for certain of our other
activities.

The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and may be applied retrospectively or
through a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings at the date of
adoption. Early adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that
reporting period. We plan to adopt the standard on its required effective date
of January 1, 2018 and are assessing the impact of the standard on our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
. 

Accounting
for Share-Based Payments with Performance Targets

 In June 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
clarifies the accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award
provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service
period. The standard requires that a performance target that affects vesting
and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a
performance condition.

 239

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The standard is effective for
interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early
adoption is permitted. The standard may be applied prospectively to all awards
granted or modified after the effective date or retrospectively to all awards
with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the
earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or
modified awards thereafter. We plan to adopt the standard on its required
effective date of January 1, 2016 and do not expect the adoption of the
standard to have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows
.  

Measuring
the Financial Assets and the Financial Liabilities of a Consolidated
Collateralized Financing Entity

In August 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
allows a reporting entity to measure the financial assets and financial
liabilities of a qualifying consolidated collateralized financing entity using
the fair value of either its financial assets or financial liabilities,
whichever is more observable.

The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The
standard may be applied retrospectively or through a cumulative effect
adjustment to retained earnings at the date of adoption. We plan to adopt the
standard on its required effective date of January 1, 2016 and do not expect
the adoption of the standard to have a material effect on our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Consolidation:  Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis

In February 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard
that affects reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they
should consolidate certain legal entities. Specifically, the amendments modify
the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are
variable interest entities (VIEs) or voting interest entities; eliminate the
presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership;
affect the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with
VIEs, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party
relationships; and provide a scope exception from consolidation guidance for
reporting entities with interests in legal entities that are required to comply
with or operate in accordance with requirements that are similar to those in
Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 for registered money market
funds.

The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted,
including adoption in an interim period. The standard may be applied
retrospectively or through a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings
as of the beginning of the year of adoption. We plan to adopt the standard on
its required effective date of January 1, 2016 and do not expect the adoption
of the standard to have a material effect on our consolidated financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Customer’s
Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement

In April 2015, the FASB
issued an accounting standard that provides guidance to customers about whether
a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing
arrangement includes a software license the customer should account for the
software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of
other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a
software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service
contract. The guidance does not change generally accepted accounting principles
applicable to a customer's accounting for service contracts.  Consequently, all
software licenses will be accounted for consistent with other licenses of
intangible assets.

The standard is effective for interim and annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The standard
may be adopted prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially
modified after the effective date or retrospectively. We plan to adopt the
standard on its required effective date of January 1, 2016 and do not expect
the adoption of the standard to have a material effect on our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows
. 

 240

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Simplifying the
Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs

In April 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
amends the guidance for debt issuance costs by requiring such costs to be
presented as a deduction to the corresponding debt liability, rather than as an
asset, and for the amortization of such costs to be reported as interest
expense.  The amendments are intended to simplify the presentation of debt
issuance costs and make it consistent with the presentation of debt discounts
or premiums. The amendments, however, do not change the recognition and
measurement guidance applicable to debt issuance costs. 

The standard is effective for interim and annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2015.  Early adoption is permitted.  The
standard must be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented. 
We plan to adopt the standard on January 1, 2016, its required effective
date.  Because the new standard does not affect accounting recognition or
measurement of debt issuance costs, the adoption of the standard will have not
have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of
operations, or cash flows.  

Short Duration Insurance Contracts

In May 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
requires additional disclosures (including accident year information) for
short-duration insurance contracts. New disclosures about the liability
for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses will be required of public
business entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The
annual disclosures by accident year include: disaggregated net incurred and
paid claims development tables segregated by business type (not required to
exceed 10 years), reconciliation of total net reserves included in development
tables to the reported liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses, incurred but not reported (IBNR) information, quantitative
information and a qualitative description about claim frequency, and the
average annual percentage payout of incurred claims. Further, the new standard
requires, when applicable, disclosures about discounting liabilities for unpaid
losses and loss adjustment expenses and significant changes and reasons for
changes in methodologies and assumptions used to determine unpaid losses and
loss adjustment expenses.  In addition, the roll forward of the liability
for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses currently disclosed in annual
financial statements will be required for interim periods beginning in the
first quarter of 2017.  Early adoption of the new annual and interim
disclosures is permitted.

We plan to adopt the standard on its required effective
date.  Because the new standard does not affect accounting recognition or
measurement, the adoption of the standard will have no effect on our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.  

Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities

In January 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard
that affects the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of
financial instruments.  Specifically, under the new standard, equity
investments (other than those accounted for using the equity method of
accounting or those subject to consolidation) will be measured at fair value
with changes in fair value recognized in earnings.  Also, for those financial
liabilities for which fair value option accounting has been elected, the new
standard requires changes in fair value due to instrument-specific credit risk
to be presented separately in other comprehensive income. The standard updates
certain fair value disclosure requirements for financial instruments carried at
amortized cost.

The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption of certain provisions
is permitted.  We are assessing the impact of the standard on our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 241

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 3. SEGMENT INFORMATION

3. SEGMENT INFORMATION

We report our results of operations consistent with the
manner in which our chief operating decision makers review the business to
assess performance and allocate resources through two reportable segments: 
Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance as well as a Corporate and Other
category.  The Corporate and Other category consists of businesses and items
not allocated to our reportable segments.  

We evaluate performance based on revenues and pre‑tax operating
income (loss).  Pre-tax operating income (loss) is derived by excluding certain
items from net income (loss) attributable to AIG.  See the table below for the
items excluded from pre-tax operating income.

Investment income of the Non-Life Insurance Companies is
allocated between the Property Casualty and Personal Insurance operating
segments based on an internal investment income allocation model. The model
estimates investable funds based primarily on loss reserves and allocated
capital. Investment income of the Life Insurance Companies is attributed to the
Retirement, Life and Institutional Markets operating segments based on invested
assets in product line portfolios; income from invested assets in excess of
liabilities is allocated to product lines based on internal capital estimates.

The Commercial and Consumer reportable segments are each presented
as three operating segments:

Commercial
Insurance

The Commercial Insurance segment is presented as three
operating segments:

•

Property Casualty

 – consists of Casualty, Property, Specialty,
and Financial product lines.

•

Mortgage Guaranty 

– Mortgage insurance protects mortgage lenders
and investors against the increased risk of borrower default related to high
loan-to-value mortgages.

•

Institutional Markets 

– 

consists of

stable value wrap
products, structured settlement and terminal funding annuities, high net worth
products, corporate- and bank-owned life insurance and guaranteed investment
contracts (GICs).

Property Casualty products are primarily distributed through
a network of independent retail and wholesale brokers, and through an
independent agency network.  Mortgage Guaranty products and services are
provided to mortgage lenders including mortgage banks, credit unions and
finance agencies.  Institutional Markets products are marketed primarily
through specialized marketing and consulting firms and structured settlement
brokers.  

Consumer
Insurance

The Consumer Insurance segment is presented as three
operating segments: 

•

Retirement 

 – consists of Fixed Annuities, Retirement Income
Solutions, Group Retirement, and Retail Mutual Funds product lines.

•

Life 

 – primary products in the U.S. include term life and
universal life insurance. International products include term and whole life
insurance, supplemental health, cancer and critical illness insurance.

•

Personal Insurance

 – consists of Personal Lines and Accident
& Health product lines. 

Retirement products are distributed through affiliated
career financial advisors and through non-affiliated channels, which include
banks, wirehouses, regional and independent broker-dealers, independent
marketing organizations and independent insurance agents. Life products in the
U.S. are primarily distributed through independent marking organizations,
independent insurance agents, financial advisors and direct marketing.
International life products are sold through non-affiliated 

 242

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 3. SEGMENT INFORMATION

independent agents and direct marketing.  Personal
insurance products are distributed primarily through agents and brokers, as
well as through direct marketing and partner organizations.

Corporate
and Other

Our Corporate and Other consists of:

•

Income from assets held by AIG Parent and other corporate subsidiaries;

•

General operating expenses not attributable to specific reporting
segments;

•

Interest expense; and

•

Run-off insurance lines.

Certain of our management activities, such as investment
management, enterprise risk management, liquidity management and capital
management, and our balance sheet reporting, are conducted on a legal entity
basis.  We group our insurance-related legal entities into two categories:
Non-Life Insurance Companies, and Life Insurance Companies. 

Non-Life Insurance Companies include the following major
property casualty and mortgage guaranty companies: National Union Fire
Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa.(National Union); American Home Assurance
Company (American Home); Lexington Insurance Company (Lexington); Fuji Fire and
Marine Insurance Company Limited (Fuji Fire); American Home Assurance Company,
Ltd. (American Home Japan); AIG Asia Pacific Insurance, Pte, Ltd.; AIG Europe
Limited and United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company (UGRIC).

Life Insurance Companies include the following major
operating companies: American General Life Insurance Company (American General
Life); The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company (VALIC); The United States
Life Insurance Company in the City of New York (U.S. Life) and AIG Fuji Life
Insurance Company Limited (Fuji Life).

 243

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 3. SEGMENT INFORMATION

The following table presents
AIG’s continuing operations by reportable segment: 

 Net

 Depreciation

 Pre-Tax 

 Total

 Investment

 Interest

 and

 Operating

 (in
 millions)

  Revenues 

 Income

 Expense

 Amortization

 Income (Loss)

 2015

 Commercial
 Insurance

 Property Casualty

 $

 23,625

 $

 3,596

 $

 12

 $

 2,255

 $

 593

 Mortgage Guaranty

 1,051

 139

 -

 64

 644

 Institutional Markets

 3,518

 1,739

 11

 (177)

 415

       Total
 Commercial Insurance

 28,194

 5,474

 23

 2,142

 1,652

 Consumer
 Insurance

 Retirement

 9,298

 6,002

 39

 (98)

 2,839

     Life

 6,393

 2,100

 14

 205

 465

 Personal Insurance

 11,378

 220

 1

 1,944

 74

       Total
 Consumer Insurance

 27,069

 8,322

 54

 2,051

 3,378

 Corporate
 and Other

 2,901

 617

 1,313

 426

 (883)

 AIG
 Consolidation and elimination

 (573)

 (317)

 (109)

 10

 (92)

 Total AIG
 Consolidated pre-tax operating income

 $

 57,591

 $

 14,096

 $

 1,281

 $

 4,629

 $

 4,055

 Reconciling
 Items from pre-tax operating income to pre-tax income:

     Changes
 in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed

 living benefits

 (43)

 (43)

 -

 -

 (43)

     Changes
 in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to

        net
 realized capital gains

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (15)

     Other
 income (expense) - net

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (233)

     Loss on
 extinguishment of debt

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (756)

     Net
 realized capital gains

 776

 -

 -

 -

 776

     Income
 from divested businesses

 (48)

 -

 -

 -

 (59)

 Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements

 94

 -

 -

 -

 82

     Reserve
 development related to non-operating run-off insurance 

 business

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (30)

 Restructuring and other costs

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (496)

     Other

 (43)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Pre-tax
 income

 $

 58,327

 $

 14,053

 $

 1,281

 $

 4,629

 $

 3,281

 2014

 Commercial
 Insurance

 Property Casualty

 $

 25,183

 $

 4,298

 $

 -

 $

 2,445

 $

 4,248

 Mortgage Guaranty

 1,042

 138

 -

 56

 592

 Institutional Markets

 2,576

 1,957

 7

 (215)

 670

       Total
 Commercial Insurance

 28,801

 6,393

 7

 2,286

 5,510

 Consumer
 Insurance

 Retirement

 9,784

 6,489

 23

 (231)

 3,495

     Life

 6,321

 2,199

 7

 130

 580

 Personal Insurance

 12,364

 394

 2

 2,067

 399

       Total
 Consumer Insurance

 28,469

 9,082

 32

 1,966

 4,474

 Corporate
 and Other

 4,206

 700

 1,805

 346

 (379)

 AIG
 Consolidation and elimination

 (475)

 (356)

 (126)

 (181)

 (31)

 Total AIG
 Consolidated pre-tax operating income

 $

 61,001

 $

 15,819

 $

 1,718

 $

 4,417

 $

 9,574

 Reconciling
 Items from pre-tax operating income to pre-tax income:

     Changes
 in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed

 living benefits

 260

 260

 -

 -

 260

     Changes
 in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to

        net
 realized capital gains

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (217)

     Other
 income (expense) - net

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

     Loss on
 extinguishment of debt

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (2,282)

     Net
 realized capital gains

 739

 -

 -

 -

 739

     Loss
 from divested businesses

 1,602

 -

 -

 31

 2,169

 Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements

 804

 -

 -

 -

 258

     Reserve
 development related to non-operating run-off insurance

 business

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Restructuring and other costs

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

     Other

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Pre-tax
 income

 $

 64,406

 $

 16,079

 $

 1,718

 $

 4,448

 $

 10,501

 2013

 Commercial
 Insurance

 Property Casualty

 $

 25,108

 $

 4,431

 $

 8

 $

 2,393

 $

 4,095

 Mortgage Guaranty

 941

 132

 -

 50

 205

 244

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 3. SEGMENT INFORMATION

 Institutional Markets

 2,813

 2,090

 1

 (160)

 680

       Total
 Commercial Insurance

 28,862

 6,653

 9

 2,283

 4,980

 Consumer
 Insurance

 Retirement

 9,431

 6,628

 3

 (165)

 3,490

     Life

 6,397

 2,269

 4

 214

 806

 Personal Insurance

 12,832

 455

 3

 2,110

 268

       Total
 Consumer Insurance

 28,660

 9,352

 10

 2,159

 4,564

 Corporate
 and Other

 4,073

 309

 2,451

 221

 (265)

 AIG
 Consolidation and elimination

 (71)

 (343)

 (328)

 (26)

 111

 Total AIG
 Consolidated pre-tax operating income

 $

 61,524

 $

 15,971

 $

 2,142

 $

 4,637

 $

 9,390

 Reconciling
 Items from pre-tax operating income to pre-tax income:

     Changes
 in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed

 living benefits

 (161)

 (161)

 -

 -

 (161)

     Changes
 in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to

        net
 realized capital gains

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (1,608)

     Other
 income (expense) - net

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (72)

     Loss on
 extinguishment of debt

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (651)

     Net
 realized capital gains

 1,939

 -

 -

 -

 1,939

     Loss
 from divested businesses

 4,420

 -

 -

 76

 (177)

 Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements

 1,152

 -

 -

 -

 708

     Reserve
 development related to non-operating run-off insurance

 business

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Restructuring and other costs

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

     Other

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Pre-tax
 income

 $

 68,874

 $

 15,810

 $

 2,142

 $

 4,713

 $

 9,368

The
following table presents AIG’s year-end identifiable assets and capital
expenditures by legal entity category:

 Year-End Identifiable Assets

 Capital Expenditures

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2015

 2014

 Total Non-Life Insurance Companies

 $

 150,368

 $

 164,299

 $

 991

 $

 697

 Total Life Insurance Companies

 297,499

 301,295

 102

 114

 Total Corporate and Other

 141,648

 159,394

 629

 1,021

 AIG Consolidation and Elimination

 (92,572)

 (109,407)

 -

 -

 Total Assets

 $

 496,943

 $

 515,581

 $

 1,722

 $

 1,832

The
following table presents AIG’s consolidated total revenues and real estate and
other fixed assets, net of accumulated depreciation, by major geographic area:

 Real Estate and Other Fixed Assets, 

 Total Revenues*

 Net of Accumulated Depreciation

 (in millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 2015

 2014

 2013

 U.S.

 $

 42,366

 $

 44,274

 $

 46,078

 $

 2,213

 $

 1,886

 $

 1,606

 Asia Pacific

 5,942

 7,523

 8,804

 602

 521

 448

 Other Foreign

 10,019

 12,609

 13,992

 320

 293

 261

 Consolidated

 $

 58,327

 $

 64,406

 $

 68,874

 $

 3,135

 $

 2,700

 $

 2,315

*   Revenues
are generally reported according to the geographic location of the reporting
unit.

4. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

Fair
Value Measurements on a Recurring Basis

We carry certain of our financial instruments at fair value.
We define the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount that would be
received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We are
responsible for the determination of the value of the investments carried at
fair value and the supporting methodologies and assumptions.

 245

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

The degree of judgment used in
measuring the fair value of financial instruments generally inversely
correlates with the level of observable valuation inputs. We maximize the use
of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring
fair value. Financial instruments with quoted prices in active markets generally
have more pricing observability and less judgment is used in measuring fair
value. Conversely, financial instruments for which no quoted prices are
available have less observability and are measured at fair value using
valuation models or other pricing techniques that require more judgment.
Pricing observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of
financial instrument, whether the financial instrument is new to the market and
not yet established, the characteristics specific to the transaction, liquidity
and general market conditions.

Fair
Value Hierarchy

Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets are measured and classified in accordance with a
fair value hierarchy consisting of three “levels” based on the observability of
valuation inputs:

•

Level 1:

Fair value measurements based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
that we have the ability to access for identical assets or liabilities.  Market
price data generally is obtained from exchange or dealer markets. We do not
adjust the quoted price for such instruments.

•

Level 2: 

Fair value measurements based on inputs other than quoted
prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for
similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical
or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, and inputs
other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such
as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted
intervals.

•

Level 3:

Fair value measurements based on valuation techniques that use significant
inputs that are unobservable. Both observable and unobservable inputs may be
used to determine the fair values of positions classified in Level 3. The
circumstances for using these measurements include those in which there is
little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. Therefore, we must
make certain assumptions about the inputs a hypothetical market participant
would use to value that asset
 or liability. In certain cases, the inputs
used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value
hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which
the fair value measurement in its entirety falls is determined based on the
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its
entirety.

The following is a description of the valuation
methodologies used for instruments carried at fair value. These methodologies
are applied to assets and liabilities across the levels discussed above, and it
is the observability of the inputs used that determines the appropriate level
in the fair value hierarchy for the respective asset or liability.

Valuation
Methodologies of Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value

Incorporation
of Credit Risk in Fair Value Measurements

•

Our Own Credit Risk. 

 Fair value measurements for certain
liabilities incorporate our own credit risk by determining the explicit cost
for each counterparty to protect against its net credit exposure to us at the
balance sheet date by reference to observable AIG CDS or cash bond spreads. We
calculate the effect of credit spread changes using discounted cash flow
techniques that incorporate current market interest rates. A derivative
counterparty’s net credit exposure to us is determined based on master netting
agreements, when applicable, which take into consideration all derivative
positions with us, as well as collateral we post with the counterparty at the
balance sheet date.  
For a description of how we
incorporate our own credit risk in the valuation of embedded derivatives
related to certain annuity and life insurance products, see Embedded
Derivatives within Policyholder Contract Deposits, below.

•

Counterparty Credit Risk. 

 Fair value measurements for freestanding derivatives
incorporate counterparty credit by determining the explicit cost for us to
protect against our net credit exposure to each counterparty at the balance
sheet date by reference to observable counterparty CDS
 spreads, when
available. When not available, other directly or indirectly observable credit
spreads will be used to derive the best estimates of the counterparty spreads.
Our net credit exposure to 

 246

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

a counterparty is
determined based on master netting agreements, which take into consideration
all derivative positions with the counterparty, as well as collateral posted by
the counterparty at the balance sheet date.

Fair values for fixed maturity securities based on
observable market prices for identical or similar instruments implicitly
incorporate counterparty credit risk. Fair values for fixed maturity securities
based on internal models incorporate counterparty credit risk by using discount
rates that take into consideration cash issuance spreads for similar
instruments or other observable information.

For fair values measured based on internal models, the cost
of credit protection is determined under a discounted present value approach
considering the market levels for single name CDS spreads for each specific
counterparty, the mid-market value of the net exposure (reflecting the amount
of protection required) and the weighted average life of the net exposure. CDS
spreads are provided to us by an independent third party. We utilize an
interest rate based on the benchmark London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR)
curve to derive our discount rates.

While this approach does not explicitly consider all
potential future behavior of the derivative transactions or potential future
changes in valuation inputs, we believe this approach provides a reasonable
estimate of the fair value of the assets and liabilities, including
consideration of the impact of non-performance risk.

Fixed
Maturity Securities

Whenever available, we obtain quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure fixed
maturity securities at fair value. Market price data is generally obtained from
dealer markets.

We employ independent third-party valuation service
providers to gather, analyze, and interpret market information to derive fair
value estimates for individual investments, based upon market-accepted methodologies
and assumptions. The methodologies used by these independent third-party
valuation service providers are reviewed and understood by management, through
periodic discussion with and information provided by the independent
third-party valuation service providers. In addition, as discussed further
below, control processes are applied to the fair values received from
independent third-party valuation service providers to ensure the accuracy of
these values.

Valuation service providers typically obtain data about
market transactions and other key valuation model inputs from multiple sources
and, through the use of market-accepted valuation methodologies, which may
utilize matrix pricing, financial models, accompanying model inputs and various
assumptions, provide a single fair value measurement for individual securities.
The inputs used by the valuation service providers include, but are not limited
to, market prices from completed transactions for identical securities and
transactions for comparable securities, benchmark yields, interest rate yield
curves, credit spreads, prepayment rates, default rates, recovery assumptions, currency
rates, quoted prices for similar securities and other market-observable
information, as applicable. If fair value is determined using financial models,
these models generally take into account, among other things, market observable
information as of the measurement date as well as the specific attributes of
the security being valued, including its term, interest rate, credit rating,
industry sector, and when applicable, collateral quality and other security or
issuer-specific information. When market transactions or other market
observable data is limited, the extent to which judgment is applied in
determining fair value is greatly increased.

We have control processes designed to ensure that the fair
values received from independent third-party valuation service providers are
accurately recorded, that their data inputs and valuation techniques are
appropriate and consistently applied and that the assumptions used appear
reasonable and consistent with the objective of determining fair value. We
assess the reasonableness of individual security values received from independent
third-party valuation service providers through various analytical techniques,
and have procedures to escalate related questions internally and to the independent
third-party valuation service providers for resolution. To assess the degree of
pricing consensus among various valuation service providers for specific asset
types, we conduct comparisons of prices received from available sources. We use
these comparisons to establish a hierarchy for the fair values received from independent
third-party valuation service providers to be used for particular security
classes. We also validate prices for selected securities through reviews by
members of management who have relevant expertise and who are independent of
those charged with executing investing transactions.

 247

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

When our independent third-party
valuation service providers are unable to obtain sufficient market observable
information upon which to estimate the fair value for a particular security,
fair value is determined either by requesting brokers who are knowledgeable
about these securities to provide a price quote, which is generally
non-binding, or by employing market accepted valuation models. Broker prices
may be based on an income approach, which converts expected future cash flows
to a single present value amount, with specific consideration of inputs
relevant to particular security types. For structured securities, such inputs
may include ratings, collateral types, geographic concentrations, underlying
loan vintages, loan delinquencies and defaults, loss severity assumptions, prepayments,
and weighted average coupons and maturities. When the volume or level of market
activity for a security is limited, certain inputs used to determine fair value
may not be observable in the market. Broker prices may also be based on a
market approach that considers recent transactions involving identical or
similar securities. Fair values provided by brokers are subject to similar
control processes to those noted above for fair values from independent third-party
valuation service providers, including management reviews. For those corporate
debt instruments (for example, private placements) that are not traded in
active markets or that are subject to transfer restrictions, valuations reflect
illiquidity and non-transferability, based on available market evidence. When
observable price quotations are not available, fair value is determined based
on discounted cash flow models using discount rates based on credit spreads,
yields or price levels of comparable securities, adjusted for illiquidity and structure.
Fair values determined internally are also subject to management review to
ensure that valuation models and related inputs are reasonable.

The methodology above is relevant for all fixed maturity
securities including residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS), commercial
mortgage backed securities (CMBS), collateralized debt obligations (CDO), other
asset‑backed securities (ABS) and fixed maturity securities issued by
government sponsored entities and corporate entities.

Equity Securities Traded in Active
Markets

Whenever available, we obtain quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure equity
securities at fair value. Market price data is generally obtained from exchange
or dealer markets.

Mortgage
and Other Loans Receivable

We estimate the fair value of mortgage and other loans
receivable that are measured at fair value by using dealer quotations,
discounted cash flow analyses and/or internal valuation models. The
determination of fair value considers inputs such as interest rate, maturity,
the borrower’s creditworthiness, collateral, subordination, guarantees,
past-due status, yield curves, credit curves, prepayment rates, market pricing
for comparable loans and other relevant factors.

Other
Invested Assets

We initially estimate the fair value of investments in
certain hedge funds, private equity funds and other investment partnerships by
reference to the transaction price. Subsequently, we generally obtain the fair
value of these investments from net asset value information provided by the
general partner or manager of the investments, the financial statements of
which are generally audited annually. We consider observable market data and
perform certain control procedures to validate the appropriateness of using the
net asset value as a fair value measurement. The fair values of other
investments carried at fair value, such as direct private equity holdings, are
initially determined based on transaction price and are subsequently estimated
based on available evidence such as market transactions in similar instruments,
other financing transactions of the issuer and other available financial
information for the issuer, with adjustments made to reflect illiquidity as
appropriate.

Short-term
Investments

For short-term investments that are measured at amortized
cost, the carrying amounts of these assets approximate fair values because of
the relatively short period of time between origination and expected
realization, and their limited exposure to credit risk.  Securities purchased
under agreements to resell (reverse repurchase agreements) are generally
treated as collateralized 

 248

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

receivables.  We report
certain receivables arising from securities purchased under agreements to
resell as Short-term investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. When these
receivables are measured at fair value, we use market-observable interest rates
to determine fair value. 

Separate Account Assets

Separate account assets are composed primarily of registered
and unregistered open-end mutual funds that generally trade daily and are
measured at fair value in the manner discussed above for equity securities
traded in active markets.

Freestanding
Derivatives

Derivative assets and liabilities can be exchange-traded or
traded over-the-counter (OTC). We generally value exchange-traded derivatives
such as futures and options using quoted prices in active markets for identical
derivatives at the balance sheet date.

OTC derivatives are valued using market transactions and
other market evidence whenever possible, including market-based inputs to
models, model calibration to market clearing transactions, broker or dealer
quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price
transparency. When models are used, the selection of a particular model to
value an OTC derivative depends on the contractual terms of, and specific risks
inherent in the instrument, as well as the availability of pricing information
in the market. We generally use similar models to value similar instruments.
Valuation models require a variety of inputs, including contractual terms,
market prices and rates, yield curves, credit curves, measures of volatility,
prepayment rates and correlations of such inputs. For OTC derivatives that
trade in liquid markets, such as generic forwards, swaps and options, model
inputs can generally be corroborated by observable market data by correlation
or other means, and model selection does not involve significant management
judgment.

For certain OTC derivatives that trade in less liquid
markets, where we generally do not have corroborating market evidence to
support significant model inputs and cannot verify the model to market
transactions, the transaction price may provide the best estimate of fair
value. Accordingly, when a pricing model is used to value such an instrument,
the model is adjusted so the model value at inception equals the transaction
price. We will update valuation inputs in these models only when corroborated
by evidence such as similar market transactions, independent third-party valuation
service providers and/or broker or dealer quotations, or other empirical market
data. When appropriate, valuations are adjusted for various factors such as
liquidity, bid/offer spreads and credit considerations. Such adjustments are
generally based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence,
management’s best estimate is used.

We value our super senior credit default swap portfolio
using prices obtained from vendors and/or counterparties.  The valuation of the
super senior credit derivatives is complex because of the limited availability
of market observable information due to the lack of trading and price
transparency in certain structured finance markets. Our valuation methodologies
for the super senior CDS portfolio have evolved over time in response to market
conditions and the availability of market observable information. We have
sought to calibrate the methodologies to available market information and to
review the assumptions of the methodologies on a regular basis. 

Embedded Derivatives within
Policyholder Contract Deposits

Certain variable annuity and equity-indexed annuity and
life contracts contain embedded derivatives that we bifurcate from the host
contracts and account for separately at fair value, with changes in fair value
recognized in earnings.  These embedded derivatives are classified within
Policyholder contract deposits.  We have concluded these contracts contain either
(i) a written option that guarantees a minimum accumulation value at
maturity, (ii) a written option that guarantees annual withdrawals regardless
of underlying market performance for a specific period or for life, or
(iii) equity-indexed written options that meet the criteria of derivatives
and must be bifurcated.

 249

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

The fair value of embedded
derivatives contained in certain variable annuity and equity-indexed annuity
and life contracts is measured based on actuarial and capital market
assumptions related to projected cash flows over the expected lives of the
contracts. These discounted cash flow projections primarily include benefits
and related fees assessed, when applicable. In some instances, the projected
cash flows from fees may exceed projected cash flows related to benefit
payments and therefore, at a point in time, the carrying value of the embedded
derivative may be in a net asset position. The projected cash flows incorporate
best estimate assumptions for policyholder behavior (including mortality,
lapses, withdrawals and benefit utilization), along with an explicit risk
margin to reflect a market participant’s estimates of projected cash flows and
policyholder behavior. Estimates of future policyholder behavior are subjective
and based primarily on our historical experience.

Because of the dynamic and complex nature of the projected
cash flows with respect to embedded derivatives in our variable annuity contracts,
risk neutral valuations are used which are calibrated to observable interest
rate and equity option prices. Estimating the underlying cash flows for these
products involves judgments regarding expected market rates of return, market
volatility, credit spreads, correlations of certain market variables, fund
performance, discount rates and policyholder behavior. The portion of fees
attributable to the fair value of expected benefit payments are included within
the fair value measurement of these embedded derivatives and related fees are
classified in net realized gain/loss as earned, consistent with other changes
in the fair value of these embedded policy derivatives.  Any portion of the
fees not attributed to the embedded derivative are excluded from the fair value
measurement and classified in policy fees as earned.

With respect to embedded derivatives in our equity-indexed
annuity and life contracts, option pricing models are used to estimate fair
value, taking into account assumptions for future equity index growth rates,
volatility of the equity index, future interest rates, and determinations on
adjusting the participation rate and the cap on equity-indexed credited rates
in light of market conditions and policyholder behavior assumptions. 

Projected cash flows are discounted using the interest rate
swap curve (swap curve), which is commonly viewed as being consistent with the
credit spreads for highly‑rated financial institutions (S&P AA-rated
or above). A swap curve shows the fixed-rate leg of a non-complex swap against
the floating rate (for example, LIBOR) leg of a related tenor. We also
incorporate our own risk of non-performance in the valuation of the embedded
derivatives associated with variable annuity and equity-indexed annuity and
life contracts. The non-performance risk adjustment reflects a market
participant’s view of our claims-paying ability by incorporating an additional
spread to the swap curve used to discount projected benefit cash flows in the
valuation of these embedded derivatives. The non-performance risk adjustment is
calculated by constructing forward rates based on a weighted average of
observable corporate credit indices to approximate the claims-paying ability
rating of our Life Insurance Companies.

Long-Term Debt

The fair value of non-structured liabilities is generally
determined by using market prices from exchange or dealer markets, when
available, or discounting expected cash flows using the appropriate discount
rate for the applicable maturity. We determine the fair value of structured
liabilities and hybrid financial instruments (where performance is linked to
structured interest rates, inflation or currency risks) using the appropriate
derivative valuation methodology (described above) given the nature of the
embedded risk profile. In addition, adjustments are made to the valuations of
both non-structured and structured liabilities to reflect our own
creditworthiness based on the methodology described under the caption
“Incorporation of Credit Risk in Fair Value Measurements – Our Own Credit Risk”
above.

Borrowings under obligations of guaranteed investment
agreements (GIAs), which are guaranteed by us, are recorded at fair value using
discounted cash flow calculations based on interest rates currently being
offered for similar contracts and our current market observable implicit credit
spread rates with maturities consistent with those remaining for the contracts
being valued. Obligations may be called at various times prior to maturity at
the option of the counterparty. Interest rates on these borrowings are primarily
fixed, vary by maturity and range up to 7.62 percent.

 250

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

Other Liabilities

Other liabilities measured at fair value include certain
securities sold under agreements to repurchase and certain securities sold but
not yet purchased. Liabilities arising from securities sold under agreements to
repurchase are generally treated as collateralized borrowings. We estimate the
fair value of liabilities arising under these agreements by using market-observable
interest rates. This methodology considers such factors as the coupon rate,
yield curves and other relevant factors. Fair values for securities sold but
not yet purchased are based on current market prices. 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at
Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

The following table presents information about assets
and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicates the
level of the fair value measurement based on the observability of the inputs
used:

 December
 31, 2015

 Counterparty

 Cash

 (in millions)

  Level
 1

 Level
 2

 Level
 3

 Netting
*

 Collateral

 Total

 Assets:

    Bonds
 available for sale:

       U.S.
 government and government sponsored entities

 $

 -

 $

 1,844

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 1,844

 Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions

 -

 25,199

 2,124

 -

 -

 27,323

       Non-U.S.
 governments

 683

 17,480

 32

 -

 -

 18,195

       Corporate
 debt

 -

 134,618

 1,370

 -

 -

 135,988

       RMBS

 -

 19,690

 16,537

 -

 -

 36,227

       CMBS

 -

 10,986

 2,585

 -

 -

 13,571

       CDO/ABS

 -

 8,928

 6,169

 -

 -

 15,097

 Total bonds
 available for sale

 683

 218,745

 28,817

 -

 -

 248,245

    Other bond
 securities:

       U.S.
 government and government sponsored entities

 -

 3,369

 -

 -

 -

 3,369

 Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions

 -

 75

 -

 -

 -

 75

       Non-U.S.
 governments

 -

 50

 -

 -

 -

 50

       Corporate
 debt

 -

 2,018

 17

 -

 -

 2,035

       RMBS

 -

 649

 1,581

 -

 -

 2,230

       CMBS

 -

 557

 193

 -

 -

 750

       CDO/ABS

 -

 1,218

 7,055

 -

 -

 8,273

 Total other
 bond securities

 -

 7,936

 8,846

 -

 -

 16,782

    Equity
 securities available for sale:

       Common
 stock

 2,401

 -

 -

 -

 -

 2,401

       Preferred
 stock

 22

 -

 -

 -

 -

 22

       Mutual
 funds

 491

 1

 -

 -

 -

 492

 Total equity
 securities available for sale

 2,914

 1

 -

 -

 -

 2,915

    Other equity
 securities 

 906

 1

 14

 -

 -

 921

    Mortgage and
 other loans receivable

 -

 -

 11

 -

 -

 11

    Other
 invested assets

 2

 4,256

 4,654

 -

 -

 8,912

    Derivative assets:

       Interest rate contracts 

 -

 3,150

 12

 -

 -

 3,162

       Foreign
 exchange contracts

 -

 766

 -

 -

 -

 766

       Equity
 contracts

 91

 32

 54

 -

 -

 177

       Commodity
 contracts

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

       Credit
 contracts

 -

 -

 3

 -

 -

 3

       Other
 contracts

 -

 2

 21

 -

 -

 23

 Counterparty netting and cash collateral

 -

 -

 -

 (1,268)

 (1,554)

 (2,822)

 Total
 derivative assets

 91

 3,950

 90

 (1,268)

 (1,554)

 1,309

    Short-term
 investments

 1,416

 1,175

 -

 -

 -

 2,591

    Separate
 account assets

 73,699

 5,875

 -

 -

 -

 79,574

 251

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

 Total

 $

 79,711

 $

 241,939

 $

 42,432

 $

 (1,268)

 $

 (1,554)

 $

 361,260

 Liabilities:

    Policyholder
 contract deposits

 $

 -

 $

 36

 $

 2,289

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 2,325

    Other
 policyholder funds

 6

 -

 -

 -

 -

 6

    Derivative liabilities:

       Interest
 rate contracts

 -

 2,137

 62

 -

 -

 2,199

       Foreign
 exchange contracts

 -

 1,197

 7

 -

 -

 1,204

       Equity
 contracts

 -

 68

 -

 -

 -

 68

       Commodity
 contracts

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

       Credit
 contracts

 -

 -

 508

 -

 -

 508

       Other
 contracts

 -

 -

 69

 -

 -

 69

 Counterparty netting and cash collateral

 -

 -

 -

 (1,268)

 (760)

 (2,028)

 Total derivative liabilities

 -

 3,402

 646

 (1,268)

 (760)

 2,020

    Long-term
 debt

 -

 3,487

 183

 -

 -

 3,670

    Other
 liabilities

 -

 62

 -

 -

 -

 62

 Total

 $

 6

 $

 6,987

 $

 3,118

 $

 (1,268)

 $

 (760)

 $

 8,083

 December
 31, 2014

 Counterparty

 Cash

 (in
 millions)

  Level
 1

 Level
 2

 Level
 3

 Netting
*

 Collateral

 Total

 Assets:

    Bonds
 available for sale:

       U.S.
 government and government sponsored entities

 $

 322

 $

 2,670

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 2,992

 Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions

 -

 25,500

 2,159

 -

 -

 27,659

       Non-U.S.
 governments

 742

 20,323

 30

 -

 -

 21,095

       Corporate
 debt

 -

 142,550

 1,883

 -

 -

 144,433

       RMBS

 -

 20,715

 16,805

 -

 -

 37,520

       CMBS

 -

 10,189

 2,696

 -

 -

 12,885

       CDO/ABS

 -

 7,165

 6,110

 -

 -

 13,275

 Total bonds
 available for sale

 1,064

 229,112

 29,683

 -

 -

 259,859

    Other bond
 securities:

       U.S.
 government and government sponsored entities

 130

 5,368

 -

 -

 -

 5,498

 Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions

 -

 122

 -

 -

 -

 122

       Non-U.S.
 governments

 -

 2

 -

 -

 -

 2

       Corporate
 debt

 -

 719

 -

 -

 -

 719

       RMBS

 -

 989

 1,105

 -

 -

 2,094

       CMBS

 -

 708

 369

 -

 -

 1,077

       CDO/ABS

 -

 2,751

 7,449

 -

 -

 10,200

 Total other
 bond securities

 130

 10,659

 8,923

 -

 -

 19,712

    Equity
 securities available for sale:

       Common
 stock

 3,626

 2

 1

 -

 -

 3,629

       Preferred
 stock

 25

 -

 -

 -

 -

 25

       Mutual
 funds

 738

 3

 -

 -

 -

 741

 Total equity
 securities available for sale

 4,389

 5

 1

 -

 -

 4,395

    Other equity
 securities

 1,024

 25

 -

 -

 -

 1,049

    Mortgage and
 other loans receivable

 -

 -

 6

 -

 -

 6

    Other
 invested assets

 2

 3,742

 5,650

 -

 -

 9,394

    Derivative assets:

       Interest rate contracts

 2

 3,729

 12

 -

 -

 3,743

       Foreign exchange contracts

 -

 839

 1

 -

 -

 840

       Equity contracts

 98

 58

 51

 -

 -

 207

       Commodity contracts

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

       Credit contracts

 -

 -

 4

 -

 -

 4

       Other contracts

 -

 -

 31

 -

 -

 31

 252

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

       Counterparty netting and cash
 collateral

 -

 -

 -

 (2,102)

 (1,119)

 (3,221)

 Total derivative assets

 100

 4,626

 99

 (2,102)

 (1,119)

 1,604

    Short-term
 investments

 584

 1,100

 -

 -

 -

 1,684

    Separate
 account assets

 73,939

 6,097

 -

 -

 -

 80,036

 Total

 $

 81,232

 $

 255,366

 $

 44,362

 $

 (2,102)

 $

 (1,119)

 $

 377,739

 Liabilities:

    Policyholder
 contract deposits

 $

 -

 $

 52

 $

 1,509

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 1,561

    Other
 policyholder funds

 -

 8

 -

 -

 -

 8

    Derivative liabilities:

       Interest rate contracts

 -

 3,047

 86

 -

 -

 3,133

       Foreign exchange contracts

 -

 1,482

 9

 -

 -

 1,491

       Equity contracts

 -

 98

 4

 -

 -

 102

       Commodity contracts

 -

 6

 -

 -

 -

 6

       Credit contracts

 -

 -

 982

 -

 -

 982

       Other contracts

 -

 -

 90

 -

 -

 90

       Counterparty netting and cash
 collateral

 -

 -

 -

 (2,102)

 (1,429)

 (3,531)

 Total derivative liabilities

 -

 4,633

 1,171

 (2,102)

 (1,429)

 2,273

    Long-term
 debt

 -

 5,253

 213

 -

 -

 5,466

    Other
 liabilities

 34

 316

 -

 -

 -

 350

 Total

 $

 34

 $

 10,262

 $

 2,893

 $

 (2,102)

 $

 (1,429)

 $

 9,658

*    Represents netting of derivative
exposures covered by qualifying master netting agreements.

Transfers of Level 1
and Level 2 Assets and Liabilities

Our policy is to record transfers of assets and liabilities
between Level 1 and Level 2 at their fair values as of the end of
each reporting period, consistent with the date of the determination of fair
value. Assets are transferred out of Level 1 when they are no longer
transacted with sufficient frequency and volume in an active market.
Conversely, assets are transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 when
transaction volume and frequency are indicative of an active market. During the
years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, we transferred $695 million and $590
million, respectively, of securities issued by Non-U.S. government entities
from Level 1 to Level 2, because they are no longer considered
actively traded. For similar reasons, during the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014, we transferred $181 million and $107 million, respectively, of
securities issued by the U.S. government and government‑sponsored
entities from Level 1 to Level 2.  There were no material transfers
from Level 2 to Level 1 during the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014.

 253

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

Changes in Level 3 Recurring Fair
Value Measurements

The following tables present changes during the years
ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 in Level 3 assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis, and the realized and unrealized
gains (losses) related to the Level 3 assets and liabilities in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2015 and 2014:

 Net

 Changes
 in

 Realized
 and

 Unrealized
 Gains

 Unrealized

 Purchases,

 (Losses)
 Included

 Fair
 Value

 Gains
 (Losses)

 Other

 Sales,

 Gross

 Gross

 Fair
 Value

 in
 Income on

 Beginning

 Included

 Comprehensive

 Issues
 and

 Transfers

 Transfers

 End

 Instruments
 Held

 (in millions)

 of
 Year

 in
 Income

 Income
 (Loss)

 Settlements,
 Net

 In

 Out

 of
 Year

 at
 End of Year

 December 31, 2015

 Assets:

    Bonds available for sale:

       Obligations of states,
 municipalities

          and political subdivisions

 $

 2,159

 $

 1

 $

 (85)

 $

 154

 $

 -

 $

 (105)

 $

 2,124

 $

 -

       Non-U.S. governments

 30

 -

 (7)

 10

 -

 (1)

 32

 -

       Corporate debt

 1,883

 15

 (109)

 (210)

 1,515

 (1,724)

 1,370

 -

       RMBS

 16,805

 1,052

 (512)

 (808)

 -

 -

 16,537

 -

       CMBS

 2,696

 77

 (95)

 118

 -

 (211)

 2,585

 -

       CDO/ABS

 6,110

 149

 (258)

 300

 7

 (139)

 6,169

 -

 Total bonds available for sale

 29,683

 1,294

 (1,066)

 (436)

 1,522

 (2,180)

 28,817

 -

    Other bond securities:

       Corporate debt

 -

 -

 -

 1

 16

 -

 17

 -

       RMBS

 1,105

 32

 -

 460

 43

 (59)

 1,581

 (27)

       CMBS

 369

 (3)

 -

 (177)

 4

 -

 193

 (13)

       CDO/ABS

 7,449

 646

 -

 (1,658)

 698

 (80)

 7,055

 (87)

 Total other bond securities

 8,923

 675

 -

 (1,374)

 761

 (139)

 8,846

 (127)

    Equity securities available for sale:

       Common stock

 1

 2

 -

 (3)

 -

 -

 -

 -

       Preferred stock

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Total equity securities available for
 sale

 1

 2

 -

 (3)

 -

 -

 -

 -

    Other equity securities

 -

 (1)

 -

 (7)

 22

 -

 14

 (2)

    Mortgage and other loans receivable

 6

 -

 -

 5

 -

 -

 11

 -

    Other invested assets

 5,650

 435

 (789)

 (530)

 117

 (229)

 4,654

 -

 Total

 $

 44,263

 $

 2,405

 $

 (1,855)

 $

 (2,345)

 $

 2,422

 $

 (2,548)

 $

 42,342

 $

 (129)

 Liabilities:

    Policyholder contract deposits

 $

 (1,509)

 $

 (315)

 $

 -

 $

 (465)

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 (2,289)

 $

 64

    Derivative liabilities, net:

       Interest rate contracts

 (74)

 -

 -

 24

 -

 -

 (50)

 (1)

       Foreign exchange contracts

 (8)

 1

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (7)

 1

       Equity contracts

 47

 2

 -

 5

 -

 -

 54

 (3)

       Commodity contracts

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

       Credit contracts

 (978)

 186

 -

 287

 -

 -

 (505)

 95

       Other contracts

 (59)

 79

 -

 (68)

 -

 -

 (48)

 76

 Total derivative liabilities, net
(a)

 (1,072)

 268

 -

 248

 -

 -

 (556)

 168

    Long-term debt
(b)

 (213)

 10

 -

 20

 -

 -

 (183)

 17

 Total

 $

 (2,794)

 $

 (37)

 $

 -

 $

 (197)

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 (3,028)

 $

 249

 254

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

 Net

 Changes
 in

 Realized
 and

 Unrealized
 Gains

 Unrealized

 Purchases,

 (Losses)
 Included

 Fair
 Value

 Gains
 (Losses)

 Other

 Sales,

 Gross

 Gross

 Fair
 Value

 in
 Income on

 Beginning

 Included

 Comprehensive

 Issues
 and

 Transfers

 Transfers

 End

 Instruments
 Held

 (in millions)

 of
 Year

 in
 Income

 Income
 (Loss)

 Settlements,
 Net

 In

 Out

 of
 Year

 at
 End of Year

 December 31, 2014

 Assets:

    Bonds available for sale:

       Obligations of states,
 municipalities

          and political subdivisions(c)

 $

 1,080

 $

 -

 $

 233

 $

 914

 $

 119

 $

 (187)

 $

 2,159

 $

 -

       Non-U.S. governments

 16

 1

 (1)

 9

 8

 (3)

 30

 -

       Corporate debt

 1,255

 12

 19

 (257)

 1,363

 (509)

 1,883

 -

       RMBS

 14,941

 1,012

 53

 796

 120

 (117)

 16,805

 -

       CMBS

 5,735

 69

 243

 85

 83

 (3,519)

 2,696

 -

       CDO/ABS

 6,974

 86

 (38)

 1,545

 2,488

 (4,945)

 6,110

 -

 Total bonds available for sale

 30,001

 1,180

 509

 3,092

 4,181

 (9,280)

 29,683

 -

    Other bond securities:

       Corporate debt

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

       RMBS

 937

 40

 -

 97

 51

 (20)

 1,105

 (13)

       CMBS

 844

 (6)

 -

 (141)

 124

 (452)

 369

 (7)

       CDO/ABS

 8,834

 1,098

 -

 (1,805)

 271

 (949)

 7,449

 318

 Total other bond securities

 10,615

 1,132

 -

 (1,849)

 446

 (1,421)

 8,923

 298

    Equity securities available for sale:

       Common stock

 1

 -

 -

 (1)

 2

 (1)

 1

 -

       Preferred stock

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

       Mutual funds

 -

 -

 -

 -

 1

 (1)

 -

 -

 Total equity securities available for
 sale

 1

 -

 -

 (1)

 3

 (2)

 1

 -

    Mortgage and other loans receivable

 -

 -

 -

 6

 -

 -

 6

 -

    Other invested assets

 5,930

 150

 398

 (83)

 167

 (912)

 5,650

 -

 Total

 $

 46,547

 $

 2,462

 $

 907

 $

 1,165

 $

 4,797

 $

 (11,615)

 $

 44,263

 $

 298

 Liabilities:

    Policyholder contract deposits

 $

 (312)

 $

 (1,127)

 $

 (54)

 $

 (16)

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 (1,509)

 $

 (218)

    Derivative liabilities, net:

       Interest rate contracts

 (100)

 (10)

 -

 39

 -

 (3)

 (74)

 (10)

       Foreign exchange contracts

 -

 2

 -

 (10)

 -

 -

 (8)

 3

       Equity contracts

 49

 21

 -

 (18)

 48

 (53)

 47

 13

       Commodity contracts

 1

 (1)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (1)

       Credit contracts

 (1,280)

 263

 -

 39

 -

 -

 (978)

 268

       Other contracts

 (109)

 99

 53

 (103)

 1

 -

 (59)

 82

 Total derivatives liabilities, net(a)

 (1,439)

 374

 53

 (53)

 49

 (56)

 (1,072)

 355

    Long-term debt(b)

 (370)

 94

 -

 37

 (70)

 96

 (213)

 15

 Total

 $

 (2,121)

 $

 (659)

 $

 (1)

 $

 (32)

 $

 (21)

 $

 40

 $

 (2,794)

 $

 152

(a) Total
Level 3 derivative exposures have been netted in these tables for
presentation purposes only.

(b) Includes
guaranteed investment agreements (GIAs), notes, bonds, loans and mortgages
payable.

(c)  Purchases,
Sales, Issues and Settlements, Net primarily reflect the effect of
consolidating previously unconsolidated securitization vehicles.

 255

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

Net realized and unrealized gains and losses included in
income related to Level 3 assets and liabilities shown above are reported
in the Consolidated Statements of Income as follows:

 Net

 Net Realized

 Investment

 Capital 

 Other

 (in
 millions)

 Income

 Gains (Losses)

 Income

 Total

 December
 31, 2015

    Bonds
 available for sale

 $

 1,227

 $

 (49)

 $

 116

 $

 1,294

    Other
 bond securities

 44

 3

 628

 675

    Equity
 securities available for sale

 -

 2

 -

 2

    Other
 equity securities

 -

 -

 (1)

 (1)

    Other
 invested assets

 45

 324

 66

 435

 Policyholder contract deposits

 -

 (315)

 -

 (315)

 Derivative liabilities, net

 -

 (1)

 269

 268

 Long-term debt

 -

 -

 10

 10

 December
 31, 2014

    Bonds
 available for sale

 $

 1,236

 $

 (107)

 $

 51

 $

 1,180

    Other
 bond securities

 95

 -

 1,037

 1,132

    Equity
 securities available for sale

 -

 -

 -

 -

    Other
 invested assets

 175

 (28)

 3

 150

 Policyholder contract deposits

 -

 (1,127)

 -

 (1,127)

 Derivative liabilities, net

 68

 8

 298

 374

 Long-term debt

 -

 -

 94

 94

The
following table presents the gross components of purchases, sales, issues and
settlements, net, shown above:

 Purchases,

 Sales,
 Issues and

 (in millions)

 Purchases

 Sales

 Settlements

 Settlements,
 Net
(a)

 December 31, 2015

 Assets:

    Bonds available for sale:

       Obligations of states,
 municipalities and political subdivisions

 $

 279

 $

 (37)

 $

 (88)

 $

 154

       Non-U.S. governments

 18

 (1)

 (7)

 10

       Corporate debt

 221

 (60)

 (371)

 (210)

       RMBS

 2,215

 (194)

 (2,829)

 (808)

       CMBS

 273

 (28)

 (127)

 118

       CDO/ABS

 1,400

 (210)

 (890)

 300

 Total bonds available for sale

 4,406

 (530)

 (4,312)

 (436)

    Other bond securities:

       Corporate debt

 -

 -

 1

 1

       RMBS

 655

 (22)

 (173)

 460

       CMBS

 -

 (79)

 (98)

 (177)

       CDO/ABS

 242

 (380)

 (1,520)

 (1,658)

 Total other bond securities

 897

 (481)

 (1,790)

 (1,374)

    Equity securities available for sale

 -

 (2)

 (1)

 (3)

    Other equity securities

 -

 -

 (7)

 (7)

    Mortgage and other loans receivable

 5

 -

 -

 5

    Other invested assets

 682

 (587)

 (625)

 (530)

 Total assets

 $

 5,990

 $

 (1,600)

 $

 (6,735)

 $

 (2,345)

 Liabilities:

    Policyholder contract deposits

 $

 -

 $

 (442)

 $

 (23)

 $

 (465)

    Derivative liabilities, net

 19

 -

 229

 248

    Long-term debt
(b)

 -

 -

 20

 20

 Total liabilities

 $

 19

 $

 (442)

 $

 226

 $

 (197)

 256

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

 December 31, 2014

 Assets:

    Bonds available for sale:

       Obligations of states,
 municipalities and political subdivisions
(c)

 $

 1,041

 $

 (35)

 $

 (92)

 $

 914

       Non-U.S. governments

 12

 -

 (3)

 9

       Corporate debt

 148

 (8)

 (397)

 (257)

       RMBS

 3,301

 (124)

 (2,381)

 796

       CMBS

 368

 (224)

 (59)

 85

       CDO/ABS

 2,760

 (70)

 (1,145)

 1,545

 Total bonds available for sale

 7,630

 (461)

 (4,077)

 3,092

    Other bond securities:

       Corporate debt

 -

 -

 -

 -

       RMBS

 211

 (31)

 (83)

 97

       CMBS

 -

 (16)

 (125)

 (141)

       CDO/ABS

 55

 (21)

 (1,839)

 (1,805)

 Total other bond securities

 266

 (68)

 (2,047)

 (1,849)

    Equity securities available for sale

 -

 -

 (1)

 (1)

    Mortgage and other loans receivable

 6

 -

 -

 6

    Other invested assets

 776

 (25)

 (834)

 (83)

 Total assets

 $

 8,678

 $

 (554)

 $

 (6,959)

 $

 1,165

 Liabilities:

    Policyholder contract deposits

 $

 -

 $

 (149)

 $

 133

 $

 (16)

    Derivative liabilities, net

 2

 (3)

 (52)

 (53)

    Long-term debt
(b)

 -

 -

 37

 37

 Total liabilities

 $

 2

 $

 (152)

 $

 118

 $

 (32)

(a) There were no issuances during the
years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.

(b) Includes GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable.  

(c)  Purchases primarily reflect the effect of consolidating
previously unconsolidated securitization vehicles.  

Both
observable and unobservable inputs may be used to determine the fair values of
positions classified in Level 3 in the tables above. As a result, the
unrealized gains (losses) on instruments held at December 31, 2015 and 2014 may
include changes in fair value that were attributable to both observable
(e.g., changes in market interest rates) and unobservable inputs
(e.g., changes in unobservable long-dated volatilities).

Transfers
of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities

We record transfers of assets and liabilities into or out of
Level 3 at their fair values as of the end of each reporting period,
consistent with the date of the determination of fair value. The Net realized
and unrealized gains (losses) included in income (loss) or Other comprehensive
income (loss) and as shown in the table above excludes $2 million of net
losses and $22 million of net gains related to assets and liabilities
transferred into Level 3 during 2015 and 2014, respectively, and includes
$36 million of net losses and $62 million of net gains related to assets
and liabilities transferred out of Level 3 during 2015 and 2014,
respectively.

Transfers of Level 3 Assets

During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, transfers
into Level 3 assets primarily included certain investments in private placement
corporate debt, RMBS, CMBS, CDO/ABS, and investments in hedge funds. Transfers
of private placement corporate debt and certain ABS into Level 3 assets
were primarily the result of limited market pricing information that required
us to determine fair value for these securities based on inputs that are
adjusted to better reflect our own assumptions regarding the characteristics of
a specific security or associated market liquidity. The transfers of
investments in RMBS, CMBS and CDO and certain ABS into Level 3 assets were due
to decreases in market transparency and liquidity for individual 

 257

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

security types. Certain investments in hedge funds were
transferred into Level 3 due to these investments now being carried at fair
value and no longer being accounted for using the equity method of accounting
due to a change in percentage ownership, or as a result of limited market
activity due to fund-imposed redemption restrictions.

During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, transfers
out of Level 3 assets primarily included CMBS, CDO/ABS, RMBS, certain
investments in municipal securities, private placement and other corporate
debt, and investments in hedge funds. Transfers of certain investments in
municipal securities, corporate debt, RMBS, CMBS and CDO/ABS out of Level 3
assets were based on consideration of market liquidity as well as related
transparency of pricing and associated observable inputs for these investments.
Transfers of certain investments in private placement corporate debt and
certain ABS out of Level 3 assets were primarily the result of using
observable pricing information that reflects the fair value of those securities
without the need for adjustment based on our own assumptions regarding the
characteristics of a specific security or the current liquidity in the market.
The transfers of certain hedge fund investments out of Level 3 assets were
primarily the result of easing of certain fund-imposed redemption restrictions.

Transfers of Level 3 Liabilities

There were no significant transfers of derivative or other
liabilities into or out of Level 3 for the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014.

Quantitative Information about Level 3
Fair Value Measurements

The table below presents information about the
significant unobservable inputs used for recurring fair value measurements for
certain Level 3 instruments, and includes only those instruments for which
information about the inputs is reasonably available to us, such as data from independent
third-party valuation service providers and from internal valuation models.
Because input information from third-parties with respect to certain Level 3
instruments (primarily CDO/ABS) may not be reasonably available to us, balances
shown below may not equal total amounts reported for such Level 3 assets and
liabilities:

 Fair Value  at 

 December 31,

 Valuation

 Range

 (in millions)

 2015

 Technique

 Unobservable
 Input
(b)

 (Weighted
 Average )

 Assets:

 Obligations of states,

 $

 1,217

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Yield

 4.32%
 - 5.10% (4.71%)

    municipalities and

    political subdivisions

 Corporate debt

 642

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Yield

 5.63%
 - 12.45% (9.04%)

 RMBS(a)

 17,280

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Constant
 prepayment rate

 0.99%
 - 8.95% (4.97%)

 Loss
 severity

 47.21%
 - 79.50% (63.35%)

 Constant
 default rate

 3.49%
 - 9.04% (6.26%)

 Yield

 3.13%
 - 6.14% (4.63%)

 CDO/ABS
(a)

 3,338

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Yield

 3.41%
 - 4.98% (4.19%)

 CMBS

 2,388

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Yield

 0.00%
 - 17.65% (6.62%)

 Liabilities:

 Embedded derivatives

    within Policyholder

 258

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

    contract deposits:

 GMWB and GMAB

 1,234

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Equity
 volatility

 15.00%
 - 50.00%

 Base
 lapse rate

 1.00%
 - 17.00%

 Dynamic
 lapse rate

 0.20%
 - 25.50%

 Mortality
 multiplier
(c)

 80.00%
 - 104.27%

 Utilization
 rate

 0.00%
 - 70.00%

 Equity
 / interest-rate correlation
(d)

 20.00%
 - 40.00%

 Index Annuities

 715

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Lapse
 rate

 0.75%
 - 66.00%

 Mortality
 multiplier
(c)

 50.00%
 - 75.00%

 Indexed Life

 332

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Equity
 volatility

 13.25%
 to 22.00%

 Base
 lapse rate

 2.00%
 to 19.00%

 Mortality
 rate

 0.00%
 to 40.00%

 Fair Value  at 

 December 31,

 Valuation

 Range

 (in millions)

 2014

 Technique

 Unobservable
 Input
(b)

 (Weighted
 Average)

 Assets:

 Obligations of states,

 $

 1,178

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Yield

 3.9%
 - 4.62% (4.26%)

    municipalities and

    political subdivisions

 Corporate debt

 1,145

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Yield

 3.46%
 - 8.75% (6.10%)

 RMBS(a)

 17,353

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Constant
 prepayment rate

 0.59%
 - 9.35% (4.97%)

 Loss
 severity

 46.04%
 - 79.56% (62.80%)

 Constant
 default rate

 3.67%
 - 9.96% (6.82%)

 Yield

 2.67%
 - 6.64% (4.65%)

 CDO/ABS(a)

 5,282

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Yield

 4.70%
 - 9.70% (7.10%)

 CMBS

 2,687

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Yield

 0.00%
 - 17.29% (6.06%)

 Liabilities:

 Embedded derivatives

    within Policyholder

     contract deposits:

 GMWB and GMAB

 957

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Equity
 volatility

 6.00%
 - 39.00%

 Base
 lapse rate

 1.00%
 - 28.00%

 Dynamic
 lapse rate

 0.20%
 - 42.00%

 Mortality
 rate

 0.10%
 - 35.00%

 Utilization
 rate

 0.50%
 - 30.00%

 Index Annuities

 294

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Lapse
 rate

 0.75%
 - 66.00%

 Mortality
 rate

 0.02%
 - 44.06%

 Indexed Life

 259

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Equity
 volatility

 10.00%
 to 25.00%

 Base
 lapse rate

 2.00%
 to 19.00%

 Mortality
 rate

 0.00%
 to 20.00%

 Derivative liabilities - 

    credit contracts(e)

 791

 BET

 Recovery
 rate

 5.00%
 - 23.00% (13.00%)

 Diversity
 score

 8
 - 25 (13)

 Weighted
 average life

 2.67
 - 10.49 years (4.65 years)

 259

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

(a) Information received from
third-party valuation service providers.  The ranges of the unobservable inputs
for constant prepayment rate, loss severity and constant default rate relate to
each of the individual underlying mortgage loans that comprise the entire
portfolio of securities in the RMBS and CDO securitization vehicles and not
necessarily to the securitization vehicle bonds (tranches) purchased by us. The
ranges of these inputs do not directly correlate to changes in the fair values
of the tranches purchased by us, because there are other factors relevant to
the fair values of specific tranches owned by us including, but not limited to,
purchase price, position in the waterfall, senior versus subordinated position
and attachment points.

(b) Represents discount rates, estimates and assumptions that
we believe would be used by market participants when valuing these assets and
liabilities.

(c)  Mortality inputs are shown as multipliers of the 2012
Individual Annuity Mortality Basic table for GMWB and GMAB, and the 1975-1980
Modified Basic Table for index annuities.

(d) An equity / interest rate correlation factor was added to
the valuation model in the fourth quarter of 2015.

(e) Beginning in the third quarter of 2015, we began valuing
these instruments using prices obtained from vendors and/or counterparties and
discontinued use of the BET model.

The
ranges of reported inputs for Obligations of states, municipalities and
political subdivisions, Corporate debt, RMBS, CDO/ABS, and CMBS valued using a
discounted cash flow technique consist of one standard deviation in either
direction from the value‑weighted average. The preceding table does not
give effect to our risk management practices that might offset risks inherent
in these Level 3 assets and liabilities.

Sensitivity
to Changes in Unobservable Inputs

We consider unobservable inputs to be those for which market
data is not available and that are developed using the best information
available to us about the assumptions that market participants would use when
pricing the asset or liability. Relevant inputs vary depending on the nature of
the instrument being measured at fair value. The following paragraphs provide a
general description of sensitivities of significant unobservable inputs along
with interrelationships between and among the significant unobservable inputs
and their impact on the fair value measurements. The effect of a change in a
particular assumption in the sensitivity analysis below is considered
independently of changes in any other assumptions. In practice, simultaneous
changes in assumptions may not always have a linear effect on the inputs discussed
below. Interrelationships may also exist between observable and unobservable
inputs. Such relationships have not been included in the discussion below. For
each of the individual relationships described below, the inverse relationship
would also generally apply.

Obligations
of States, Municipalities and Political Subdivisions

The significant unobservable input used in the fair value
measurement of certain investments in obligations of states, municipalities and
political subdivisions is yield.  In general, increases in the yield would
decrease the fair value of investments in obligations of states, municipalities
and political subdivisions.

Corporate
Debt

Corporate debt securities included in Level 3 are
primarily private placement issuances that are not traded in active markets or
that are subject to transfer restrictions. Fair value measurements consider
illiquidity and non-transferability. When observable price quotations are not
available, fair value is determined based on discounted cash flow models using
discount rates based on credit spreads, yields or price levels of publicly‑traded
debt of the issuer or other comparable securities, considering illiquidity and
structure. The significant unobservable input used in the fair value
measurement of corporate debt is the yield. 

 260

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

The yield
is affected by the market movements in credit spreads and U.S. Treasury yields.
In addition, the migration in credit quality of a given security generally has
a corresponding effect on the fair value measurement of the security. For
example, a downward migration of credit quality would increase spreads. Holding
U.S. Treasury rates constant, an increase in corporate credit spreads would decrease
the fair value of corporate debt.  

RMBS
and CDO/ABS

The significant unobservable inputs used in fair value
measurements of RMBS and certain CDO/ABS valued by third‑party valuation
service providers are constant prepayment rates (CPR), loss severity, constant
default rates (CDR) and yield. A change in the assumptions used for the
probability of default will generally be accompanied by a corresponding change
in the assumption used for the loss severity and an inverse change in the
assumption used for prepayment rates. In general, increases in CPR, loss
severity, CDR and yield, in isolation, would result in a decrease in the fair
value measurement. Changes in fair value based on variations in assumptions
generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship between the
directional change of each input is not usually linear.

CMBS

The significant unobservable input used in fair value
measurements for CMBS is the yield.  Prepayment assumptions for each mortgage
pool are factored into the yield.  CMBS generally feature a lower degree of
prepayment risk than RMBS because commercial mortgages generally contain a
penalty for prepayment. In general, increases in the yield would decrease the
fair value of CMBS.

Embedded derivatives within Policyholder
contract deposits

Embedded derivatives reported within Policyholder contract
deposits include guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB) and guaranteed
minimum accumulation benefits (GMAB) within variable annuity products, and
certain enhancements to interest crediting rates based on market indices within
index annuities, indexed life and guaranteed investment contracts (GICs).  For
any given contract, assumptions for unobservable inputs vary throughout the
period over which cash flows are projected for purposes of valuing the embedded
derivative. The following unobservable inputs are used for valuing embedded
derivatives measured at fair value:

·

Long-term equity volatilities represent equity volatility beyond
the period for which observable equity volatilities are available. Increases in
assumed volatility will generally increase the fair value of both the projected
cash flows from rider fees as well as the projected cash flows related to
benefit payments. Therefore, the net change in the fair value of the liability
may either decrease or increase, depending on the relative changes in projected
rider fees and projected benefit payments. In 2015, the calculations used to
measure equity volatilities for the GMWB and GMAB were updated to provide
greater emphasis on current expected market-based volatilities versus
historical market volatilities. The implementation of this change reduced the
fair value of the GMWB and GMAB liabilities, net of related adjustments to DAC,
by approximately $143 million at December 31, 2015, which was more than offset
by the addition of an equity / interest rate correlation factor to the
valuation model in 2015, as described below. Long-term equity volatility and
equity / interest rate correlation are both key inputs in our economic scenario
modeling used to value the embedded derivatives.

·

Equity / interest rate correlation estimates the relationship
between changes in equity returns and interest rates in the economic scenario
generator used to value our GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives.  In general, a
higher positive correlation assumes that equity markets and interest rates move
in a more correlated fashion, which generally increases the fair value of the
liability.  Prior to 2015, an assumption of zero correlation was used based on
historical data that was mixed as to the direction of this correlation over a
long period of time. In 2015, we added a positive correlation factor based on
current market conditions and expected views of market participants. This
change increased the GMWB and GMAB fair value liabilities, net of related
adjustments to DAC, by approximately $155 million at December 31, 2015, which
was largely offset by an update to equity volatility assumptions, as described above.

 261

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

·

Base lapse rate assumptions are determined by company experience
and are adjusted at the contract level using a dynamic lapse function, which
reduces the base lapse rate when the contract is in-the-money (when the
contract holder’s guaranteed value is worth more than their underlying account
value). Lapse rates are also generally assumed to be lower in periods when a
surrender charge applies. Increases in assumed lapse rates will generally
decrease the fair value of the liability, as fewer policyholders would persist
to collect guaranteed withdrawal amounts, but in certain scenarios, increases
in assumed lapse rates may increase the fair value of the liability. 

·

Mortality rate assumptions, which vary by age and gender, are
based on company experience and include a mortality improvement assumption.
Increases in assumed mortality rates will decrease the fair value of the
liability, while lower mortality rate assumptions will generally increase the fair
value of the liability, because guaranteed payments will be made for a longer
period of time.

·

Utilization rate assumptions estimate the timing when
policyholders with a GMWB will elect to utilize their benefit and begin taking
withdrawals. The assumptions may vary by the type of guarantee, tax-qualified
status, the contract’s withdrawal history and the age of the policyholder. 
Utilization rate assumptions are based on company experience, which includes
partial withdrawal behavior. Increases in assumed utilization rates will
generally increase the fair value of the liability.

Derivative
liabilities – credit contracts

The significant unobservable inputs used for Derivative
liabilities – credit contracts are recovery rates, diversity scores, and
the weighted average life of the portfolio. AIG non-performance risk is also
considered in the measurement of the liability. 

An increase in recovery rates and diversity score will
decrease the fair value of the liability. An increase in the weighted average
life will increase the fair value measurement of the liability.

Investments in Certain Entities Carried
at Fair Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share

The following table includes information related to our
investments in certain other invested assets, including private equity funds,
hedge funds and other alternative investments that calculate net asset value
per share (or its equivalent). For these investments, which are measured at
fair value on a recurring basis, we use the net asset value per share to
measure fair value.

 December 31, 2015

 December 31, 2014

 Fair
 Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share (or its equivalent)

 Fair
 Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share (or its equivalent)

 Unfunded

 Unfunded

 (in millions)

 Investment Category Includes

 Commitments

 Commitments

 Investment Category

 Private equity funds:

    Leveraged buyout

 Debt and/or equity investments made as
 part of a transaction in which assets of mature companies are acquired from
 the current shareholders, typically with the use of financial leverage

 $

 1,774

 $

 436

 $

 2,275

 $

 450

    Real Estate / 

   Infrastructure

 Investments in real estate properties and
 infrastructure positions, including power plants and other energy generating
 facilities

 306

 213

 384

 227

    Venture capital

 Early-stage, high-potential, growth
 companies expected to generate a return through an eventual realization
 event, such as an initial public offering or sale of the company

 107

 41

 121

 26

 262

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

 Distressed

 Securities of companies that are in
 default, under bankruptcy protection, or troubled 

 146

 41

 164

 43

    Other

 Includes multi-strategy, mezzanine, and
 other strategies

 298

 239

 216

 234

 Total private equity funds

 2,631

 970

 3,160

 980

 Hedge funds:

    Event-driven

 Securities of companies undergoing
 material structural changes, including mergers, acquisitions and other
 reorganizations

 1,194

 -

 1,109

 -

    Long-short

 Securities that the manager believes are
 undervalued, with corresponding short positions to hedge market risk

 2,978

 25

 2,428

 1

    Macro

 Investments that take long and short
 positions in financial instruments based on a top-down view of certain
 economic and capital market conditions

 555

 -

 498

 -

    Distressed

 Securities of companies that are in
 default, under bankruptcy protection or troubled  

 699

 8

 731

 5

    Emerging markets

 Investments in the financial markets of
 developing countries

 353

 -

 308

 -

    Other

 Includes multi-strategy, relative value,
 and other strategies

 167

 -

 125

 -

 Total hedge funds

 5,946

 33

 5,199

 6

 Total

 $

 8,577

 $

 1,003

 $

 8,359

 $

 986

Private
equity fund investments included above are not redeemable, because
distributions from the funds will be received when underlying investments of
the funds are liquidated. Private equity funds are generally expected to have 10-year
lives at their inception, but these lives may be extended at the fund manager’s
discretion, typically in one or two-year increments. At December 31, 2015,
assuming average original expected lives of 10 years for the funds, 78 percent
of the total fair value using net asset value per share (or its equivalent)
presented above would have expected remaining lives of three years or less, 6
percent between four and six years and 16 percent between seven and
10 years.

The hedge fund
investments included above are generally redeemable monthly (14 percent),
quarterly (47 percent), semi-annually (14 percent) and annually (25
percent), with redemption notices ranging from one day to 180 days. At
December 31, 2015, however, investments representing approximately 46 percent
of the total fair value of the hedge fund investments cannot be redeemed,
either in whole or in part, because the investments include various contractual
restrictions. The majority of these contractual restrictions, which may have
been put in place at the fund’s inception or thereafter, have pre-defined end
dates and are generally expected to be lifted by the end of 2016. The fund
investments for which redemption is restricted only in part generally relate to
certain hedge funds that hold at least one investment that the fund manager
deems to be illiquid.

Fair Value Option

Under the fair value option, we may elect to measure at fair
value financial assets and financial liabilities that are not otherwise
required to be carried at fair value. Subsequent changes in fair value for
designated items are reported in earnings. We elect the fair value option for
certain hybrid securities given the complexity of bifurcating the economic
components associated with the embedded derivatives. Refer to Note 10 for
additional information related to embedded derivatives.

Additionally, we elect the fair value option for certain
alternative investments when such investments are eligible for this election.
We believe this measurement basis is consistent with the applicable accounting
guidance used by the respective investment company funds themselves.  Refer to
Note 5 herein for additional information.

 263

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

The
following table presents the gains or losses recorded related to the eligible
instruments for which we elected the fair value option:

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 Gain (Loss)

 (in
 millions)

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Assets:

    Mortgage and
 other loans receivable

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 3

    Bond and
 equity securities

 616

 2,099

 1,667

    Alternative
 investments
(a)

 36

 313

 360

    Other,
 including Short-term investments

 2

 10

 11

 Liabilities:

    Long-term
 debt
(b)

 (38)

 (269)

 327

    Other
 liabilities

 (3)

 (13)

 (15)

 Total gain

 $

 613

 $

 2,140

 $

 2,353

(a) Includes
certain hedge funds, private equity funds and other investment partnerships.

(b) Includes GIAs,
notes, bonds and mortgages payable.

Interest
income and dividend income on assets measured under the fair value option are
recognized and included in Net investment income in the Consolidated Statements
of Income with the exception of activity within AIG’s Corporate and Other
category, which is included in Other income. Interest expense on liabilities
measured under the fair value option is reported in Other Income in the
Consolidated Statements of Income. 

See Note 5

herein for additional information about our
policies for recognition, measurement, and disclosure of interest and dividend
income.

During 

2015, 2014 and

 2013

, we recognized losses of $4 million, $32 million
and $54 million, respectively, attributable to the observable effect of
changes in credit spreads on our own liabilities for which the fair value
option was elected.

 We calculate the effect of
these credit spread changes using discounted cash flow techniques that
incorporate current market interest rates, our observable credit spreads on
these liabilities and other factors that mitigate the risk of nonperformance
such as cash collateral posted.

The
following table presents the difference between fair values and the aggregate
contractual principal amounts of mortgage and other loans receivable and
long-term borrowings for which the fair value option was elected:

 December 31, 2015

 December 31, 2014

 Outstanding

 Outstanding

 (in
 millions)

 Fair
 Value

 Principal
 Amount

 Difference

 Fair
 Value

 Principal
 Amount

 Difference

 Assets:

    Mortgage and
 other loans receivable

 $

 11

 $

 9

 $

 2

 $

 6

 $

 4

 $

 2

 Liabilities:

    Long-term
 debt*

 $

 3,670

 $

 2,675

 $

 995

 $

 5,466

 $

 4,101

 $

 1,365

*    Includes
GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable.

There
were no mortgage or other loans receivable for which the fair value option was
elected that were 90 days or more past due or in non-accrual status at
December 31, 2015 or 2014.

 264

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 8 /

 note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS ON A NON-RECURRING BASIS

We measure the fair value of
certain assets on a non-recurring basis, generally quarterly, annually or when
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the
assets may not be recoverable. These assets include cost and equity-method
investments, commercial mortgage loans, investments in life settlements,
investments in real estate and other fixed assets, goodwill and other
intangible assets. See Notes 5 and 6 herein for additional information about
how we test various asset classes for impairment.

Information regarding the
estimation of fair value for financial instruments measured at fair value on a non-recurring
basis is discussed below:

•

Impairments for Other investments primarily relate to certain
investments in affordable housing partnerships, the fair values of which are
determined based on remaining tax credits and other residual benefits due from
the respective partnerships. Residual benefits include consideration of the
fair value of underlying real estate properties, which is determined based on
market-appropriate capitalization rates applied to net operating income of the