We were significantly and adversely affected by the market turmoil in late 2008 and early 2009 and, despite the recovery in the markets
in mid-2009 through 2010 and our recapitalization activities, are subject to significant risks, as discussed below. 

    The
risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks that are not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect our
business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. Many of these risks are interrelated and occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of certain of them
may in turn cause the emergence, or exacerbate the effect, of others. Such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact on us. As a result, should certain of these risks emerge,
we may need to raise additional capital or obtain other sources of commercial funding, such as through additional credit facilities, which may not be available. 

 Credit and Financial Strength Ratings 

     A downgrade in the Insurer Financial Strength ratings of our insurance companies could prevent the companies from writing new business and retaining customers and
business.

    Insurer Financial Strength (IFS) ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. IFS ratings measure an
insurance company's ability to meet its obligations to contract holders and policyholders. High ratings help maintain public confidence in a company's products, facilitate marketing of products and
enhance a company's competitive position. 

    Further
downgrades of the IFS ratings of our insurance companies may prevent these companies from offering products and services or result in increased policy cancellations or
termination of assumed reinsurance contracts. Moreover, a downgrade in AIG Parent's credit ratings may, under credit rating agency policies concerning the relationship between parent and subsidiary
ratings, result in a downgrade of the IFS ratings of our insurance subsidiaries. 

     A downgrade in our credit ratings could require us to post additional collateral and result in the termination of derivative transactions.

    Adverse
ratings actions regarding our long-term debt ratings by the major rating agencies would require us to post additional collateral payments pursuant to, and/or permit the termination of,
derivative transactions to which AIGFP is a party, which could adversely affect our business, our consolidated results of operations in a reporting period or our liquidity. Credit ratings estimate a
company's ability to meet its obligations and may directly affect the cost and availability to that company of financing. In the event of a further downgrade of our long-term senior debt
ratings, AIGFP would be required to post additional collateral, and certain of AIGFP's counterparties would be permitted to elect early termination of contracts. 

    Based
on our financial derivative transactions, including those of AIGFP, outstanding at December 31, 2010 (as if the downgrade by Moody's Investors' Services (Moody's) on
January 12, 2011 had occurred on December 31, 2010), a one notch downgrade of our long-term senior debt rating to BBB+ by Standard & Poor's Financial
Services LLC, a subsidiary of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc (S&P), would have permitted counterparties to make additional collateral calls and permit the counterparties to elect
early termination of contracts, resulting in up to approximately $0.7 billion of corresponding collateral postings and termination payments; a one-notch downgrade to Baa2 by Moody's
and a two-notch downgrade to BBB by S&P would have resulted in approximately $0.4 billion in additional collateral postings and termination payments above the aforementioned
$0.7 billion; and a two-notch downgrade to Baa3 by Moody's and a three-notch downgrade to BBB- by S&P would have resulted in approximately $0.2 billion of
additional collateral posting and termination payments above the aforementioned $1.1 billion. 

    Additional
collateral postings upon downgrade are estimated based on the factors in the individual collateral posting provisions of the Credit Support Annex (CSA) with each counterparty
and current exposure as of December 31, 2010. Factors considered in estimating the termination payments upon downgrade include current 

26            AIG 2010 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

American International Group, Inc., and Subsidiaries

market
conditions, the complexity of the derivative transaction, historical termination experience and other observable market events such as bankruptcy and downgrade events that have occurred at
other companies. Management's estimates are also based on the assumption that counterparties will terminate based on their net exposure to AIG. The actual termination payments could significantly
differ from management's estimates given market conditions at the time of the downgrade and the level of uncertainty in estimating both the number of counterparties who may elect to exercise their
right to terminate and the payment that may be triggered in connection with any such exercise. 

    For
a further discussion of our liquidity, see Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Capital Resources and
Liquidity — Liquidity. 

 Market Conditions 

     Our businesses, consolidated results of operations and financial condition have been and may continue to be materially and adversely affected by market
conditions.

    Our businesses are highly dependent on the business environment in which they operate. In 2008 and through early 2009, the significant deterioration in
worldwide economic conditions materially and adversely affected our businesses. The global financial crisis resulted in a serious lack of liquidity, highly volatile markets, a steep depreciation in
asset values across all classes, an erosion of investor and public confidence, a widening of credit spreads, a lack of price transparency in many markets and the collapse or merger of several
prominent financial institutions. Difficult economic conditions also resulted in increased unemployment and a severe decline in business activity across a wide range of industries and regions. While
the markets and the business environment have generally stabilized and improved in mid- and late 2009 and in 2010, asset values for many asset classes have not returned to previous levels,
and business, financial and economic conditions, particularly unemployment levels, continue to be negatively affected. Revenue and budget constraints affecting U.S. municipalities, lending activities
and the housing and commercial property markets also continue to have a negative effect on asset values. There can be no assurance that the conditions supporting the recent recovery will continue in
the near or long term. If they do not, we may be negatively affected in a number of ways, including, but not limited to: 

•

declines in the valuation and performance of our investment portfolio; 

•

declines in the value of our remaining shares in AIA and the MetLife securities received in the disposition of ALICO; 

•

unrealized market valuation losses on our super senior credit default swap portfolio; 

•

increased credit losses; 

•

impairments of goodwill and other long-lived assets; 

•

additional statutory capital requirements 

•

limitations on our ability to recover deferred tax assets; 

•

a decline in new business levels; 

•

increased liability associated with interest rate guarantees in life annuity products; 

•

an increase in policy surrenders and cancellations; and 

•

a writeoff of deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC). 

 Investment Portfolio and Concentration of Investments, Insurance and Other Exposures 

     The value of our investment portfolio is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including changes in interest rates.

    Changes in interest
rates can negatively affect the performance of our investment securities. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including monetary policies, domestic and international economic and
political issues and other factors beyond our control. Changes in monetary policy or other factors may cause interest rates 

AIG 2010 Form 10-K            27

Table of Contents

American International Group, Inc., and Subsidiaries

to
rise, which would adversely affect the value of the fixed income securities that we hold and could adversely affect our ability to sell these securities. In addition, the evaluation of
available-for-sale securities for other-than-temporary impairments is a quantitative and qualitative process that is subject to significant management
judgment. 

     Concentration of our investment portfolios in any particular segment of the economy may have adverse effects.

    Our results of operations have been
adversely affected and may continue to be adversely affected by a concentration in residential mortgage-backed, commercial mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and commercial mortgage
loans. We also have significant exposures to: financial institutions and, in particular, to money center and global banks; U.S. state and local government issuers and authorities (as described below);
and Eurozone governments and corporations. These types of concentrations in our investment portfolios could have an adverse effect on the value of these portfolios and consequently on our consolidated
results of operations and financial condition. Events or developments that have a negative effect on any particular industry, asset class, group of related industries or geographic region may have a
greater adverse effect on the investment portfolios to the extent that the portfolios are concentrated. Furthermore, our ability to sell assets relating to such particular groups of related assets may
be limited if other market participants are seeking to sell at the same time. 

     The value of our investment portfolio is exposed to the creditworthiness of state and municipal governments.

    We hold a large portfolio of state and
municipal bonds ($46.6 billion at December 31, 2010), primarily in Chartis, and, because of the budget deficits that most states and many municipalities are continuing to incur in the
current economic environment, the risks associated with this portfolio have increased. Negative publicity surrounding certain states and municipal issues has negatively affected the value of our
portfolio and reduced the liquidity in the state and municipal bond market. Defaults, or the prospect of imminent defaults, by the issuers of state and municipal bonds could cause our portfolio to
decline in value and significantly reduce the portfolio's liquidity, which could
also adversely affect AIG Parent's liquidity if AIG Parent then needed, or was required by its capital maintenance agreements, to provide additional capital support to the insurance subsidiaries
holding the affected state and municipal bonds. As with our fixed income security portfolio generally, rising interest rates would also negatively affect the value of our portfolio of state and
municipal bonds and could make those instruments more difficult to sell. A decline in the liquidity or market value of these instruments, which are carried at fair value for statutory purposes, could
also result in a decline in the Chartis entities' capital ratios and, in turn, require AIG Parent to provide additional capital to those entities. 

     Concentration of our insurance and other risk exposures may have adverse effects.

    We seek to manage the risks to which we are exposed as a result of
the insurance policies, derivatives and other obligations that we undertake to customers and counterparties by monitoring the diversification of our exposures by exposure type, industry, geographic
region, counterparty and otherwise and by using reinsurance, hedging and other arrangements to limit or offset exposures that exceed the limits we wish to retain. In certain circumstances, or with
respect to certain exposures, such risk management arrangements may not be available on acceptable terms or may prove to be ineffective, or our exposure in absolute terms may be so large that even
slightly adverse experience compared to our expectations may have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations or result in additional statutory capital
requirements. 

 Casualty Insurance Underwriting and Reserves 

     Casualty insurance liabilities are difficult to predict and may exceed the related reserves for losses and loss expenses.

    Although we regularly
review the adequacy of the established Liability for unpaid claims and claims adjustment expense and conduct an extensive analysis of our reserves at each year end, there can be no assurance that our
loss reserves will not develop adversely and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Estimation of ultimate net losses, loss expenses and loss reserves is a complex process for
long-tail casualty lines of business, which include excess and umbrella liability, D&O, professional liability, medical malpractice, workers' compensation, general liability, products
liability and related classes, as well as for asbestos and environmental exposures. Generally, actual historical loss development factors are used to project future loss development. However, there
can be no assurance that future loss development patterns will be the same as in the past. 

28            AIG 2010 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

American International Group, Inc., and Subsidiaries

Moreover,
any deviation in loss cost trends or in loss development factors might not be discernible for an extended period of time subsequent to the recording of the initial loss reserve estimates for
any accident year. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2010, we recorded a net charge of $4.2 billion to strengthen Chartis loss reserves, reflecting adverse development in classes of
business with long reporting tails, primarily asbestos (which includes policies written more than 25 years ago), excess casualty, excess workers' compensation and primary workers' compensation.
Thus, there is the potential for reserves with respect to a number of years to be significantly
affected by changes in loss cost trends or loss development factors that were relied upon in setting the reserves. These changes in loss cost trends or loss development factors could be attributable
to changes in inflation or in the judicial environment, or in other social or economic phenomena affecting claims, such as the effects that the recent disruption in the credit markets could have on
reported claims under D&O or professional liability coverages. For a further discussion of our loss reserves, see Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations — Results of Operations — Segment Results — Chartis Operations — Liability for unpaid claims and claims
adjustment expense and Critical Accounting Estimates — Liability for unpaid claims and claims adjustment expense (Chartis). 

 Competition 

    We face intense competition in each of our businesses.

    Our businesses operate in highly competitive environments, both domestically and overseas.
Principal sources of competition are insurance companies, banks, investment banks and other non-bank financial institutions. We consider our principal competitors to be other large
multi-national insurance organizations. 

    The
insurance industry in particular is highly competitive. Within the U.S., Chartis subsidiaries compete with approximately 3,300 other stock companies, specialty insurance
organizations, mutual companies and other underwriting organizations. SunAmerica subsidiaries compete in the U.S. with approximately 1,800 life insurance companies and other participants in related
financial services fields. Overseas, our subsidiaries compete for business with the foreign insurance operations of large U.S. insurers and with global insurance groups and local companies. 

    As
a result of the reduction of our credit ratings and those of our subsidiaries and the lingering effects of AIG's recent negative publicity, we have faced and continue to face intense
competition to retain existing customers and to maintain business with existing customers and counterparties at historical levels. General insurance and life insurance companies compete through a
combination of risk acceptance criteria, product pricing, and terms and conditions. Retirement services companies compete through crediting rates and the issuance of guaranteed benefits. A decline in
our position as to any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our profitability. 

 Guarantees Within Variable Annuities 

     Guarantees Within Certain of Our Products May Decrease Our Earnings and Increase the Volatility of Our Results.

    Certain variable annuity products
that we offer guarantee a certain level of benefits to the policyholder. These guarantee features include guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB), guaranteed minimum income benefits (GMIB),
guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB) and guaranteed minimum account value benefits (GMAV). At December 31, 2010, our net liabilities associated with these guaranteed benefits,
representing the aggregate amount of the benefits in excess of the related account values, were $613 million. We use reinsurance in combination with derivative instruments to mitigate the
exposure associated with these liabilities, and while we believe that these and other actions have mitigated the risks related to these guaranteed benefits, our exposure is not fully hedged, and we
remain liable in the event that reinsurers or counterparties are unable or unwilling to pay. In addition, downturns in equity markets, increased equity volatility or reduced interest rates could
result in an increase in the valuation of the future policy benefits or policyholder account balances, increasing the liabilities associated with the guaranteed benefits and resulting in a reduction
in our net income. 

AIG 2010 Form 10-K            29

Table of Contents

American International Group, Inc., and Subsidiaries

 Adjustments to Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs for Life Insurance and Retirement Services Companies 

    Interest rate fluctuations, increased surrenders, investment returns and other events may require our subsidiaries to accelerate the amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs
(DAC), which could adversely affect our results of operations.

    DAC represents the costs that vary with and are related primarily to the acquisition of new and
renewal insurance and annuity contracts. When interest rates rise or customers lose confidence in a company, policy loans and policy surrenders and withdrawals of life insurance policies and annuity
contracts may increase as policyholders seek to buy products with perceived higher returns or more stability, resulting in an acceleration of the amortization of DAC. To the extent such amortization
exceeds surrender or other charges earned upon surrender and withdrawals of certain life insurance policies and annuity contracts, our results of operations could be negatively affected. 

    DAC
for both insurance-oriented and investment-oriented products, as well as retirement services products, is reviewed for recoverability, which involves estimating the future
profitability of current business. This review involves significant management judgment. If future profitability is substantially lower than estimated, we could be required to accelerate DAC
amortization, and such acceleration could adversely affect our results of operations. For a further discussion of DAC, see Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations — Critical Accounting Estimates and Notes 2 and 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Catastrophe Exposures 

     The occurrence of catastrophic events could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.

    The occurrence of events
such as hurricanes, earthquakes, pandemic disease, acts of terrorism and other catastrophes could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition or results of operations, including by exposing
our businesses to the following: 

•

widespread claim costs associated with property, workers' compensation, mortality and morbidity claims; 

•

loss resulting from a decline in the value of invested assets to below the amount required to meet policy and contract
liabilities; and 

•

loss resulting from actual policy experience emerging adversely in comparison to the assumptions made in the product
pricing related to mortality, morbidity, termination and expenses. 

 Reinsurance 

     Reinsurance may not be available or affordable.

    Our subsidiaries are major purchasers of reinsurance and utilize reinsurance as part of our overall
risk management strategy. Reinsurance is an important risk management tool to manage transaction and insurance line risk retention and to mitigate losses that may arise from catastrophes. Market
conditions beyond our control determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance purchased by our subsidiaries. For example, reinsurance may be more difficult or costly to obtain after a year with
a large number of major catastrophes. Accordingly, we may be forced to incur additional expenses for reinsurance or may be
unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance on acceptable terms, in which case we would have to accept an increase in exposure risk, reduce the amount of business written by our subsidiaries or seek
alternatives. 

     Reinsurance subjects us to the credit risk of our reinsurers and may not be adequate to protect us against losses.

    Although reinsurance makes the
reinsurer liable to our subsidiary to the extent the risk is ceded, it does not relieve our subsidiary of the primary liability to its policyholders. Accordingly, we bear credit risk with respect to
our subsidiaries' reinsurers to the extent the credit risk is not mitigated by collateral or other credit enhancements. A reinsurer's insolvency or inability or refusal to make timely payments under
the terms of its agreements with our subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and liquidity. For additional information on our reinsurance, see Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Risk Management — Insurance Risk Management — Reinsurance. 

30            AIG 2010 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

American International Group, Inc., and Subsidiaries

 Indemnity Obligations 

     Claims under indemnity obligations may be material.

    We have provided financial guarantees and indemnities in connection with the businesses sold or
under contract for sale, including ALICO, AGF, AIG Star and AIG Edison. While we do not currently believe that the claims under these indemnities will be material, it is possible that significant
indemnity claims could be made against us. If such a claim were successful, our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. See Note 16 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on these financial guarantees and indemnities. 

 Regulation 

     The enactment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act will subject us to substantial additional federal regulation, which may materially and
adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and credit ratings.

    On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank), which effects comprehensive changes to the regulation of financial services in the United States, was signed into law.
Dodd-Frank directs existing and newly created government agencies and bodies to promulgate regulations implementing the law, an ongoing process anticipated to continue over the next few
years. We cannot predict with certainty the requirements of the regulations ultimately adopted or how or whether Dodd-Frank and such regulations will affect our businesses, results of
operations, cash flows or financial condition, require us to raise additional capital or result in a downgrade of our credit ratings. 

    We
may become subject to the examination, enforcement and supervisory authority of the FRB as a savings and loan holding company or a Designated Financial Company. In such an
event: 

•

We would become subject to the examination, enforcement and supervisory authority of the FRB. We cannot predict how the
FRB would exercise general supervisory authority over us. 

•

The FRB would be required to impose minimum leverage and risk-based capital requirements on us not less than
those applicable to insured depository institutions. 

•

We may be required to place our financial activities in an intermediate holding company separate from our
non-financial activities (as defined for purposes of the Bank Holding Company Act) subject to restrictions on transactions between the two businesses, which could be burdensome and costly
to implement. 

    If
we are designated a Designated Financial Company: 

•

We may become subject to stress tests to determine whether, on a consolidated basis, we have the capital necessary to
absorb losses due to adverse economic conditions. 

•

We would be subject to stricter prudential standards not yet specified, including stricter requirements and limitations
relating to risk-based capital, leverage, liquidity and credit exposure, as well as overall risk management requirements, management interlock prohibitions and a requirement to maintain a
plan for rapid and orderly dissolution in the event of severe financial distress. 

•

We would become subject to a new early remediation regime process, the details of which are not yet established, to be
administered by the FRB. 

    If
we are designated as a Designated Financial Company and determined to be a grave threat to U.S. financial stability: 

•

We would be required to maintain a debt-to-equity ratio of no more than 15:1. 

•

The FRB may: 

•

limit our ability to merge with, acquire, consolidate with, or become affiliated with another company; 

•

restrict our ability to offer specified financial products; 

•

require us to terminate specified activities; 

AIG 2010 Form 10-K            31

Table of Contents

American International Group, Inc., and Subsidiaries

•

impose conditions on how we conduct our activities; or 

•

with approval of the Financial Stability Oversight Council (Council), and a determination that the foregoing actions are
inadequate to mitigate a threat to U.S. financial stability, require us to sell or otherwise transfer assets or off-balance-sheet items to unaffiliated entities. 

    If
we continue to control AIG Federal Savings Bank or another insured depository institution, we would become subject to the "Volcker Rule", which would place limits on "proprietary
trading" and the sponsorship of, or investment in, hedge, private equity or similar funds. Such prohibitions could substantially impact our investment business as it is currently managed. The Volcker
Rule contains an exception for trading by insurance companies for their general account, but the extent of this exception cannot be predicted. Even if we no longer controlled an insured depository
institution, we might still be subject to additional capital and quantitative limitations under the Volcker Rule. 

    In
addition, Dodd-Frank establishes a new framework for regulation of OTC derivatives under which we may have to collateralize previously uncollateralized swaps. These
additional obligations to post collateral or the costs of assignment, termination or obtaining alternative credit could have a material adverse affect on us. This new framework may also increase the
cost of conducting a hedging program or have other effects materially adverse to us. 

    We
cannot predict the requirements of the regulations ultimately adopted, the level and magnitude of supervision we may become subject to, or how Dodd-Frank and such
regulations will affect the financial markets generally or our businesses, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. It is possible that the regulations adopted under
Dodd-Frank could significantly alter our business practices, require us to raise additional capital, impose burdensome and costly requirements and add additional costs. Some of the
regulations may also affect the perceptions of regulators, rating agencies, customers, counterparties, creditors or investors about our financial strength and could potentially affect our financing
costs or result in a ratings downgrade. 

    We are subject to extensive regulation in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our businesses, including with respect to the pricing of policies that we write, and regulatory actions
could make it challenging for us to continue to engage in business in the ordinary course.

    Our operations around the world are subject to regulation by different
types of regulatory authorities, including insurance, securities, investment advisory, banking and thrift regulators in the United States and abroad. Regulators have the ability to take various steps
to protect the businesses of the entities they regulate. These steps could include: 

•

restricting or prohibiting the payment of dividends to AIG Parent and its subsidiaries; 

•

restricting or prohibiting other payments to AIG Parent and its subsidiaries; 

•

requesting additional capital contributions from AIG Parent; 

•

requesting that intercompany reinsurance reserves be covered by assets locally; 

•

restricting the business in which the subsidiaries may engage; 

•

requiring pre-approval of all proposed transactions between the regulated subsidiaries and AIG Parent or any
affiliate; and 

•

requiring more frequent reporting, including with respect to capital and liquidity positions. 

    In
addition, the premium rates that we are able to charge and the profits that we are able to obtain are affected by the actions of state and foreign insurance departments that regulate
our businesses. In addition to this regulation, our insurance subsidiaries are subject to laws that require insurers to participate in assigned risk plans, or to offer coverage to all consumers or at
prices that we might not otherwise offer. Any of these actions could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. 

     Requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Office of Foreign Assets Control and similar laws that apply to us may expose us to significant
penalties.

    The operations of certain of our subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations, 

32            AIG 2010 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

American International Group, Inc., and Subsidiaries

including
the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, which requires companies to know certain information about their clients and to monitor their transactions for suspicious activities. In addition, the Department
of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control administers regulations requiring U.S. persons to refrain from doing business, or allowing their clients to do business through them, with certain
organizations or individuals on a prohibited list maintained by the U.S. government or with certain countries. The United Kingdom, the European Union and other jurisdictions maintain similar laws and
regulations. Although we have instituted compliance programs to address these requirements, there are inherent risks in global transactions. 

     New regulations promulgated from time to time may affect our operations, financial condition and ability to compete effectively.

    Legislators and
regulators may periodically consider and put forward various proposals that may affect the profitability of certain of our businesses or even our ability to conduct certain businesses at all,
including proposals relating to restrictions on the type of activities in which financial institutions are permitted to engage and the size of financial institutions, and proposals to impose
additional taxes on a limited subset of financial institutions and insurance companies (either based on size, activities, geography, government support or other criteria). It is uncertain whether and
how these and other such proposals would apply to us or our competitors or how they could impact our consolidated results of operations, financial condition and ability to compete effectively. 

 Change in Control 

    Our ability to utilize tax losses and credits carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be significantly limited if we experience an "ownership change" under the Internal Revenue
Code.

    As of December 31, 2010, we had a U.S. federal net operating loss carryforward of approximately $32.3 billion, $27.8 billion in capital
loss carryforwards and $4.6 billion in foreign tax credits (Tax Losses and credits carryforwards). Our ability to utilize such tax attributes to offset future taxable income may be
significantly limited if we experience an "ownership change" as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). In general, an ownership change will occur
when the percentage of AIG Parent's ownership (by value) of one or more "5-percent shareholders" (as defined in the Code) has increased by more than 50 percent over the lowest
percentage owned by such shareholders at any time during the prior three years (calculated on a rolling basis). An entity that experiences an ownership change generally will be subject to an annual
limitation on its pre-ownership change tax losses and credits carryforwards equal to the equity value of the corporation immediately before the ownership change, multiplied by the
long-term,
tax-exempt rate posted monthly by the IRS (subject to certain adjustments). The annual limitation would be increased each year to the extent that there is an unused limitation in a prior
year. The limitation on our ability to utilize tax losses and credits carryforwards arising from an ownership change under Section 382 would depend on the value of our equity at the time of any
ownership change. 

    While
the Department of the Treasury owns more than 50 percent of AIG Common Stock, under guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service, we will not be treated as having
experienced an ownership change. However, once the Department of the Treasury's ownership of outstanding AIG Common Stock falls below 50 percent, it is possible for us to experience an
ownership change as a result of purchases of AIG Common Stock by "5-percent shareholders". For the purpose of determining whether there has been an "ownership change", the change in
ownership as a result of purchases by "5-percent shareholders" will be aggregated with certain changes in ownership that occurred over the three-year period ending on the date
of such purchases, including, for example, the sale of AIG Common Stock that was issued in exchange for the shares of AIG's Series C Perpetual, Convertible, Participating Preferred Stock, par
value $5.00 per share (the Series C Preferred Stock), but excluding the issuance of the AIG Common Stock that was issued in exchange for the shares of AIG's Series E Fixed Rate
Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $5.00 per share (the Series E Preferred Stock), and the shares of AIG's Series F Fixed Rate Non-Cumulative
Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $5.00 per share (the Series F Preferred Stock). If we were to experience an "ownership change", it is possible that a significant portion of our tax losses
and credits carryforwards could expire before we would be able to use them to offset future taxable income. 

AIG 2010 Form 10-K            33

Table of Contents

American International Group, Inc., and Subsidiaries

 Foreign Operations 

    Our foreign operations expose us to risks that may affect our operations, liquidity and financial condition.

    We provide insurance, investment and
other financial products and services to both businesses and individuals in more than 130 countries. A substantial portion of our Chartis business is conducted outside the United States, and our
intention is to continue to grow this business. Operations outside the United States, particularly those in developing nations, may be affected by regional economic downturns, changes in foreign
currency exchange rates, political upheaval, nationalization and other restrictive government actions, which could also affect our other operations. 

    The
degree of regulation and supervision in foreign jurisdictions varies. Generally, AIG Parent, as well as its subsidiaries operating in such jurisdictions, must satisfy local
regulatory requirements. Licenses issued by foreign authorities to our subsidiaries are subject to modification and revocation. Thus, our insurance subsidiaries could
be prevented from conducting future business in certain of the jurisdictions where they currently operate. Adverse actions from any single country could adversely affect our results of operations,
liquidity and financial condition depending on the magnitude of the event and our financial exposure at that time in that country. 

 Legal Proceedings 

    Significant legal proceedings may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.

    We are party to numerous legal proceedings,
including securities class actions and regulatory and governmental investigations. Due to the nature of the litigation, the lack of precise damage claims and the type of claims we are subject to, we
cannot currently quantify our ultimate or maximum liability for these actions. It is possible that developments in these unresolved matters could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
financial condition or consolidated results of operations for an individual reporting period. For a discussion of these unresolved matters, see Note 16(a) to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 Use of Estimates 

     If actual experience differs from management's estimates used in the preparation of financial statements, our consolidated results of operations or financial condition could be adversely
affected.

    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires the application of
accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. We consider our accounting policies that are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions, and therefore
viewed as critical accounting estimates, are those described in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting
Estimates. These accounting estimates require the use of assumptions, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. These estimates, by their nature, are based on judgment and current
facts and circumstances. Therefore, actual results could differ from these estimates, possibly in the near term, and could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

 Aircraft Leasing Business 

    Our aircraft leasing business depends on lease revenues and exposes us to the risk of lessee non-performance.

    Our aircraft leasing
business depends on the ability of our customers to meet their obligations to us under their leases; if their ability materially decreases, it may negatively affect our business, results of operations
and cash flows. 

     Our aircraft may become obsolete over time.

    Aircraft are long-lived assets requiring long lead times to develop and manufacture. As a
result, aircraft of a particular model and type may become obsolete and less in demand over time, when newer, more advanced and efficient aircraft or aircraft engines are manufactured. This life
cycle, however, can be shortened by world events, government regulation or customer preferences. As aircraft in our fleet approach obsolescence, demand for particular models and types may decrease.
This may result in declining lease rates or impairment charges and may adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

34            AIG 2010 Form 10-K

Table of Contents 

American International Group, Inc., and Subsidiaries 

 Liquidity 

    If our internal sources of liquidity are insufficient to meet our needs, we may become dependent on third-party financing, external capital markets or other sources of liquidity, which
may not be available or could be prohibitively expensive.

    We need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, interest on our debt and certain maturing debt
obligations and to meet any statutory capital requirements of our subsidiaries. If we have insufficient liquidity to meet our needs, we may be required to raise additional capital or obtain other
sources of commercial funding. The availability of any additional financing depends on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, general market conditions, the volume of trading activities,
the overall availability of credit, regulatory actions, our credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as the possibility that customers, lenders or investors could develop a negative perception of
our long- or short-term financial prospects. Disruptions, volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets, to the extent they persist or recur, may also limit our ability
to access external capital markets at times and on terms favorable to us and to meet our capital and liquidity needs. For example, our inability to access the capital markets in September 2008 led to
the FRBNY providing us financing under the FRBNY Credit Facility. Furthermore, if our internal sources of liquidity prove to be insufficient, we may be unable to obtain additional financing on
favorable terms, if at all. For a further discussion of liquidity, see Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Capital Resources and
Liquidity. 

     AIG Parent's ability to access funds from our subsidiaries is limited.

    As a holding company, AIG Parent depends on dividends, distributions and other
payments from our subsidiaries to fund payments due on its obligations, including its outstanding debt. Further, the majority of its investments are held by our regulated subsidiaries. Our
subsidiaries may be limited in their ability to make dividend payments or advance funds to AIG Parent in the future because of the need to support their own capital levels. 

    AIG Parent's ability to support our subsidiaries is limited.

    Historically, AIG Parent has provided capital and liquidity to our subsidiaries to
maintain regulatory capital ratios, comply with rating agency requirements and meet unexpected cash flow obligations, in some cases under support or capital maintenance agreements. If AIG Parent is
unable to provide support to a subsidiary having an immediate capital or liquidity need, the subsidiary could become insolvent or, in the case of an insurance subsidiary or other regulated entity,
could be seized by its regulator. In the event of a catastrophe, reserve strengthening or other event, AIG Parent may be required to provide capital to one or more of our regulated subsidiaries. For
example, AIG Parent recently provided $3.7 billion of capital to the Chartis insurance companies as a result of the reserve strengthening in the fourth quarter of 2010. AIG Parent also expects
to enter into additional capital maintenance agreements with certain of our U.S. insurance subsidiaries that will require it to contribute capital if specific risk-based capital (RBC)
thresholds are triggered. 

     Certain of the investments held by our subsidiaries are illiquid and/or are difficult to sell, or to sell in significant amounts or at acceptable prices, to generate cash to meet their
needs.

    Our subsidiaries' investments in certain securities, including certain fixed income securities and certain structured securities, private equity securities,
investment partnerships, mortgage loans, flight equipment, finance receivables and real estate, which had a collective fair value of $103 billion at December 31, 2010, are illiquid or
may not be disposed of quickly. Further, we have a significant remaining stake in AIA and have a significant position in the securities of MetLife, both of which are subject to restrictions on
transfer and hedging. In addition, the steep decline in the U.S. real estate market and tight credit markets have materially adversely affected the liquidity of our other securities portfolios,
including our residential and commercial mortgage-related securities and investment portfolios. In the event additional liquidity is required by one or more of our subsidiaries and AIG Parent is
unable to provide liquidity, it may be difficult to generate additional liquidity by selling, pledging or otherwise monetizing the less liquid investments described above. 

AIG 2010 Form 10-K            35

Table of Contents

American International Group, Inc., and Subsidiaries

 Special Purpose Vehicle Intercompany Loans and Pledge of Designated Entities 

     We have pledged equity interests in certain of our businesses and other assets to secure intercompany loans made in connection with the Recapitalization and granted other control rights
with respect to certain businesses and assets.

    We have pledged, as security for the repayment of the intercompany loans extended to AIG Parent by the special
purpose vehicles that held the proceeds of the AIA initial public offering and the ALICO sale (the SPVs, and such loans, the SPV Intercompany Loans), our equity interests in Nan Shan and ILFC (the
Designated Entities) as well as the assets that continue to be held by the AIA SPV and the ALICO SPV, including the ordinary shares of AIA held by the AIA SPV and the MetLife securities received from
the sale of ALICO. If we are unable to satisfy our obligations under the SPV Intercompany Loans, the secured parties may have the right to foreclose upon and sell the assets that secure these loans,
which could have a material adverse effect on the operations of the Designated Entities and could adversely affect the value of the Designated Entities. 

    Furthermore,
so long as the Department of the Treasury holds the preferred interests (the SPV Preferred Interests) in the AIA SPV and the ALICO SPV, the Department of the Treasury will
have the right, subject to existing contractual restrictions, to require us to dispose of our ordinary shares of AIA and the MetLife securities we received from the sale of ALICO. The consent of the
Department of the Treasury will also be required for us to take specified significant actions with respect to the Designated Entities, including initial public offerings, sales of the businesses and
significant acquisitions or dispositions and incurrence of indebtedness above specified levels. If any SPV Preferred Interests are outstanding on May 1, 2013, the Department of the Treasury
will have the right to compel the sale of all or a portion of one or more of the Designated Entities on terms that it will determine. These rights could have a material adverse effect on the
operations of the Designated Entities and could adversely affect the value of the Designated Entities. 

 Controlling Shareholder 

     As a result of the issuance of the shares of AIG Common Stock to the Department of the Treasury in connection with the Recapitalization, the Department of the Treasury is AIG Parent's
controlling shareholder.

    The Department of the Treasury is able, to the extent permitted by law, to control a vote of AIG shareholders on substantially all
matters, including: 

•

approval of mergers or other business combinations; 

•

a sale of all or substantially all of our assets; 

•

amendments to AIG Parent's amended certificate of incorporation; and 

•

other matters that might be favorable to the Department of the Treasury, but not to our other shareholders. 

    Moreover,
the Department of the Treasury's ability to cause or prevent a change in control of AIG could also have an adverse effect on the market price of AIG Common Stock. The
Department of the Treasury may also, subject to applicable securities laws, transfer all, or a portion of, the AIG Common Stock to another person or entity and, in the event of such a transfer, that
person or entity could become our controlling shareholder. The Department of the Treasury's rights under a registration rights agreement executed in connection with the Recapitalization may be
assigned to any person purchasing over $500 million of AIG Common Stock. 

     We granted the Department of the Treasury certain registration rights and, subject to certain exceptions, the ability to control the terms, conditions and pricing of any offering in
which it participates, including any primary offering by us.

    We have granted the Department of the Treasury registration rights with respect to the shares of AIG
Common Stock issued in connection with the Recapitalization, including: 

•

the right to participate in any registered offering of AIG Common Stock by us; 

•

the right to demand no more than twice in any 12-month period that we effect a registered marketed offering of
our shares after the earlier of August 15, 2011 and the date of our completion of a primary equity offering; 

36            AIG 2010 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

American International Group, Inc., and Subsidiaries

•

the right to engage in at-the-market offerings; and 

•

subject to certain exceptions, the right to approve the terms, conditions and pricing of any registered offering in which
it participates until its ownership falls below 33 percent of our voting securities. 

     Possible future sales of AIG Common Stock by the Department of the Treasury could adversely affect the market for AIG Common Stock.

    We have granted
the Department of the Treasury the registration rights described above. Although we can make no prediction as to the effect, if any, that sales by the Department of the Treasury would have on the
market price of AIG Common Stock, sales of substantial amounts of AIG Common Stock, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of AIG Common Stock. 

 Employees 

     Mr. Benmosche may be unable to continue to provide services to AIG due to his health.

    Mr. Robert Benmosche, the President and Chief
Executive Officer of AIG, has been diagnosed with cancer and has been undergoing treatment for his disease. Following a briefing by a physician fully aware of Mr. Benmosche's medical condition,
test results, and prognosis, the AIG Board of Directors, while recognizing that in matters of cancer circumstances can change, anticipates that Mr. Benmosche should be able to serve in his role
as AIG President and CEO over the next twelve to eighteen months. However, Mr. Benmosche's condition may change and prevent him from continuing to perform these roles. In such a case, the AIG
Board of Directors would need to implement its succession plan and either have Mr. Robert S. Miller act as interim President and Chief Executive Officer or have a permanent replacement assume
Mr. Benmosche's responsibilities. 

    The limitations on incentive compensation contained in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 and the restrictions placed on compensation by the Special Master for TARP
Executive Compensation and in our agreement with the Department of the Treasury (the Master Transaction Agreement) may adversely affect our ability to attract talent and retain and motivate our
highest performing employees.

    The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Recovery Act) contains provisions which, as implemented by the Department of the
Treasury in its Interim Final Rule, restrict bonus and other incentive compensation payable to the five executives named in a company's proxy statement and the next 20 highest paid employees of
companies that received more than $500 million of TARP funds. Pursuant to the Recovery Act, the Office of the Special Master for TARP Executive Compensation
(Special Master) issued Determination Memoranda with respect to our named executive officers and 20 highest paid employees, and reviewed our compensation arrangements for our next 75 most highly
compensated employees and issued a Determination Memorandum on their compensation structures, which placed significant new restrictions on their compensation as well. Historically, we have embraced a
pay-for-performance philosophy. Based on the limitations placed on incentive compensation by the Determination Memoranda issued by the Special Master, it is unclear whether,
for the foreseeable future, we will be able to create a compensation structure that permits us to attract talent and retain and motivate our most senior and most highly compensated employees and other
high performing employees who become subject to the purview of the Special Master. The restrictions on our ability to attract talent and retain and motivate our highest performing employees may affect
our ability to strengthen our businesses and prepare and make required filings in a timely manner with the SEC and other federal, state and foreign regulators. 

     Employee error and misconduct may be difficult to detect and prevent and may result in significant losses.

    Losses may result from, among other
things, fraud, errors, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorization or failure to comply with regulatory requirements or our internal policies. There have been
a number of highly publicized cases involving fraud or other misconduct by employees in the financial services industry in recent years, and we run the risk that employee misconduct could occur. It is
not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct, and the controls that we have in place to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. 

AIG 2010 Form 10-K            37

Table of Contents

American International Group, Inc., and Subsidiaries

 Electronic Data Systems and Handling of Confidential Information 

     If we are unable to maintain the availability of our electronic data systems and safeguard the security of our data, our ability to conduct business may be compromised, which could
adversely affect our consolidated financial condition or results of operations.

    We use computer systems to store, retrieve, evaluate and utilize customer and
company data and information. These systems in turn, rely upon third-party systems. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to access these systems to perform necessary business functions,
including providing insurance quotes, processing premium payments, making changes to existing policies, filing and paying claims, administering variable annuity products and mutual funds, providing
customer support and managing our investment portfolios. Systems failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct
business and hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers. In the event of a natural disaster, a computer virus, a terrorist attack or other disruption inside or outside the U.S.,
our systems may be inaccessible to our employees, customers or business partners for an extended period of time, and our employees may be unable to perform their duties for an extended period of time
if our data or systems are
disabled or destroyed. Our systems could also be subject to physical or electronic break-ins or unauthorized tampering. This may impede or interrupt our business operations and could
adversely affect our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

    In
addition, we routinely transmit, receive and store personal, confidential and proprietary information by email and other electronic means. Although we attempt to keep such information
confidential, we may be unable to utilize such capabilities in all events, especially with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties who may not have or use
appropriate controls to protect confidential information. Furthermore, certain of our businesses are subject to compliance with regulations enacted by U.S. federal and state governments, the European
Union or other jurisdictions or enacted by various regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to the privacy of the information of clients, employees or others. A misuse or mishandling of
confidential or proprietary information being sent to or received from an employee or third party could result in legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm. 

 Regulatory Capital Credit Default Swap Portfolio 

    A deterioration in the credit markets may cause us to recognize unrealized market valuation losses which could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition,
consolidated results of operations or liquidity. Moreover, depending on how and when the Basel I capital standards are phased out, the period of time that AIGFP remains at risk for such deterioration
could be longer than anticipated by AIGFP.

    A total of $38.1 billion in net notional amount of the super senior credit default swap (CDS) portfolio of AIGFP
as of December 31, 2010, represented derivatives written for financial institutions, principally in Europe, primarily for the purpose of providing regulatory capital relief rather than for
arbitrage purposes. The net fair value of the net derivative asset for these CDS transactions was $173 million at December 31, 2010. 

    The
regulatory benefit of these transactions for AIGFP's financial institution counterparties was generally derived from the capital regulations promulgated by the Basel Committee on
Banking Supervision known as Basel I. In December 2010, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision finalized a new framework for international capital and liquidity standards known as Basel
III, which, when fully implemented, may reduce or eliminate the regulatory benefits to certain counterparties from these transactions, and may thus impact the period of time that such counterparties
are expected to hold the positions. AIGFP continues to reassess the expected maturity of this portfolio. As of December 31, 2010, AIGFP estimated that the weighted average expected maturity of
the portfolio was 3.16 years. 

    Given
the current performance of the underlying portfolios, the level of subordination of credit protection written by AIGFP and AIGFP's own assessment of the credit quality of the
underlying portfolio, as well as the risk mitigants inherent in the transaction structures, AIGFP does not expect that it will be required to make payments pursuant to the contractual terms of those
transactions providing regulatory capital relief. AIGFP will continue to assess the valuation of this portfolio and monitor developments in the marketplace. Given the potential deterioration in the
credit markets and the risk that AIGFP's expectations with respect to the 

38            AIG 2010 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

American International Group, Inc., and Subsidiaries

termination
of these transactions by its counterparties may not materialize, there can be no assurance that we will not recognize unrealized market valuation losses from this portfolio in future
periods or be required to post collateral. Depending on how and when the Basel I regulatory requirements are phased out, we could also remain at risk for a longer period of time than currently
anticipated.