– Liquidity, Capital and Credit.

142

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7
|

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Regulation and
Supervision 

For a discussion of our regulation and supervision by
different regulatory authorities in the United States and abroad, including
with respect to our liquidity and capital resources see Item 1. Business —
Regulation and Item 1A. Risk Factors — Regulation.

Dividends and Repurchases of AIG Common Stock

On February 8, 2018, our Board of Directors declared a cash
dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share, payable on March 29, 2018 to
shareholders of record on March 15, 2018. On May 2, 2018, our Board of
Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share,
payable on June 28, 2018 to shareholders of record on June 14, 2018. On August
2, 2018, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of
$0.32 per share, payable on September 28, 2018 to shareholders of record on
September 17, 2018. On October 31, 2018, our Board of Directors declared a cash
dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share, payable on December 26, 2018
to shareholders of record on December 12, 2018. 

On February 13,
2019, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of
$0.32 per share, payable on March 29, 2019 to shareholders of record on March
15, 2019. The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our
Board of Directors and will depend on various factors, as discussed further in
Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Our Board of
Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock and
warrants to purchase shares of AIG Common Stock through a series of actions. On
May 3, 2017, our Board of Directors approved an increase of $2.5 billion to the
share repurchase authorization.

During 2018, we
repurchased approximately 36.5 million shares of AIG Common Stock for an
aggregate purchase price of approximately $1.7 billion pursuant to this
authorization. 

On February 13,
2019, our Board of Directors authorized an additional increase to its previous
repurchase authorization of AIG Common Stock of $1.5 billion, resulting in an
aggregate remaining authorization on such date of approximately $2.0 billion.
Shares may be repurchased from time to time in the open market, private
purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase or automatic
repurchase transactions or otherwise (including through the purchase of
warrants). Certain of our share repurchases have been and may from time to time
be effected through Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans. The timing of
any future share repurchases will depend on market conditions, our business and
strategic plans, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and
other factors.

Dividend Restrictions 

Payments of dividends to AIG by its insurance subsidiaries
are subject to certain restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities. 

For a
discussion of restrictions on payments of dividends by our subsidiaries see
Note 

19

 to the Consolidated Financial Statements

.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

143

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Enterprise Risk
Management

Risk
management includes the identification and measurement of various forms of
risk, the establishment of risk thresholds and the creation of processes
intended to maintain risks within these thresholds while optimizing returns. We
consider risk management an integral part of managing our core businesses and a
key element of our approach to corporate governance.

Overview

We
have an integrated process for managing risks throughout our organization in
accordance with our firm‑wide risk appetite. Our Board of Directors has
oversight responsibility for the management of risk. Our Enterprise Risk
Management (ERM) Department supervises and integrates the risk management
functions in each of our business units, providing senior management with a
consolidated view of AIG’s major risk positions. Within each business unit,
senior leaders and executives approve risk‑taking policies and targeted
risk tolerance within the framework provided by ERM. ERM supports our
businesses and management by embedding risk management in our key day-to-day
business processes and in identifying, assessing, quantifying, managing,
monitoring, reporting, and mitigating the risks taken by our businesses and AIG
overall. Nevertheless, our risk management efforts may not always be successful
and material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, cash
flows, liquidity or financial condition may occur

.

Risk Governance Structure

Our risk governance structure fosters the development and
maintenance of a risk and control management culture that encompasses all
significant risk categories impacting our lines of business and functions.
Accountability for the implementation and oversight of risk policies is aligned
with individual corporate executives, with the risk committees receiving
regular reports regarding compliance with each policy to support risk
governance at our corporate level as well as in each business unit. We review
our governance and committee structure on a regular basis and make changes as
appropriate to continue to effectively manage and govern our risks and risk-taking.

Our Board of
Directors oversees the management of risk through its Risk and Capital
Committee (RCC) and Audit Committee. Those committees regularly interact with
other committees of the Board of Directors described below. Our Chief Risk
Officer (CRO) reports to both the RCC and our Chief Executive Officer 
(CEO). 

The Group Risk Committee (GRC):

 The GRC is the senior management group responsible for assessing
all significant risk issues on a global basis to protect our financial
strength, optimize our intrinsic value, and protect our reputation. The GRC is
chaired by our CRO. Its membership includes the Executive Leadership Team (ELT)
and other senior executives from across our corporate functions and business
units. Our CRO reports periodically on behalf of the GRC to both the RCC and
the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Our CRO is also a member of the
ELT providing ERM the opportunity to contribute to, review, monitor and
consider the impact of changes in strategy.

Management
committees that support the GRC are described below. These committees are
comprised of senior executives and experienced business representatives from a
range of functions and business units throughout AIG and its subsidiaries.
These committees are charged with identifying, analyzing and reviewing specific
risk matters within their respective mandates. In addition, various working
groups (e.g. reputational risk, control agenda) are in place in support of the
GRC to manage and monitor the various risks across the organization.

Financial Risk Group (FRG):

  The FRG is responsible for the oversight of
financial risks taken by AIG and our subsidiaries. Its mandate includes
overseeing our aggregate credit, market, interest rate, capital, liquidity and
model risks, as well as asset

-

liability management, derivatives activity, and
foreign exchange transactions. It

provides the primary corporate

-

level review function for all proposed
transactions and business practices that are significant in size, complex in
scope, or that present heightened legal, reputational, accounting or regulatory
risks. 

The FRG is chaired by our
CRO. Membership of the FRG also includes our CFO, Chief Investment Officer
(CIO) and Treasurer.

Business Unit Risk Committees:  

Each of our major insurance businesses has established a
risk committee that serves as the senior management committee responsible for
risk oversight at the individual business unit level. The risk committees are
responsible for the identification, assessment and monitoring of all sources of
risk within their respective portfolios. Specific responsibilities include
setting risk tolerances, reviewing the capital allocation framework, insurance
portfolio optimization, and providing oversight of risk-adjusted metrics.
Together, these committees provide comprehensive risk oversight throughout the
organization. 

144

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and
Measurement

Risk Appetite Framework

Our Risk
Appetite Framework integrates stakeholder interests, strategic business goals
and available financial resources. We balance these by seeking to take measured
risks that are expected to generate repeatable, sustainable earnings and create
long-term value for our shareholders. The framework includes our risk appetite statement
approved by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof and a set of
supporting tools, including risk tolerances, risk limits and policies, which we
use to manage our risk profile and financial resources.  

We articulate
our aggregate risk-taking by setting risk tolerances and thresholds on capital
and liquidity measures. These measures are set at the AIG Parent level as well
as the legal entity level and cover consolidated and insurance company capital
and liquidity ratios. We must comply with standards for capital adequacy and
maintain sufficient liquidity to meet all our obligations as they come due in
accordance with our internal capital management and liquidity policies. Our
risk tolerances take into consideration regulatory requirements, rating agency
expectations, and business needs. The GRC routinely reviews the level of risk
taken by the consolidated organization in relation to the established risk
tolerances. A consolidated risk report is also presented periodically, as
required, to the RCC by our CRO.

Risk Limits

A key component of our Risk Appetite Framework is having a
process in place that establishes and maintains appropriate limits on the
material risks identified for our core businesses and facilitates monitoring
and meeting of both internal and external stakeholder expectations. Our
objectives include:

•

Establishing risk
monitoring, providing early warning indicators, and ensuring timely oversight
and enforceability of limits;

•

Defining a consistent
and transparent approach to limits governance; and

•

Aligning our business
activities with our risk appetite statement. 

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

145

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

To support the
monitoring and management of AIG’s and its business units’ material risks, ERM
has an established limits framework that employs a three-tiered hierarchy: 

•

Board-level
risk tolerances

 are AIG’s
aggregate capital and liquidity limits. They define the minimum level of
capital and liquidity that we should maintain. These board-level risk
tolerances require RCC approval.

•

AIG
management level limits

are risk type specific limits at the AIG consolidated level. These limits are
defined and calibrated to constrain our concentration in specific risk types,
to protect against taking risks that exceed the amount of overall capital AIG
has available, and to protect against excess earnings volatility. These limits
are approved by our CRO with consultation from the GRC.

•

BU and
legal entity level limits

are set to address key risks identified by ERM for the business unit and legal
entities, protect capital and liquidity at legal entities and/or meet legal
entity specific requirements of regulators and rating agencies. These limits
are defined by the business unit and legal entity Risk Officers.

All
limits are reviewed by the GRC or relevant business unit risk committees on a
periodic basis and revisions, if applicable, are approved by those committees.

The business
units are responsible for measuring and monitoring their risk exposures. ERM is
responsible for monitoring compliance with limits and providing regular, timely
reporting to our senior management and risk committees. Limit breaches are
required to be reported in a timely manner and are documented and escalated in
accordance with their level of severity or materiality.  

Risk Identification and Measurement

One
tool we use to inform our Risk Appetite Framework is risk identification. We
conduct risk identification through a number of processes at the business unit
and corporate level focused on capturing our material risks and key areas of
focus for follow-up risk management actions. A key initiative is our 

integrated bottom-up risk identification and
assessment process down to the product-line level

. These processes are used as a critical input to enhance and develop our
analytics for measuring and assessing risks across the organization.

We employ
various approaches to measure, monitor, and manage risk exposures, including
the utilization of a variety of metrics and early warning indicators. We use a
proprietary internal capital and stress testing framework to measure our
quantifiable risks for both insurance and non-insurance operations. 

The internal
capital framework quantifies our aggregate economic risk at a given confidence
interval, after taking into account a level of diversification benefits between
 and business lines. We leverage the internal capital framework to
help inform our consolidated risk consumption and profile as well as risk and
capital allocation for our businesses.

The stress
testing framework assesses our aggregate exposure to our most significant
financial and insurance risks, including the risk in each of our key insurance
company subsidiaries in relation to its capital needs under stress, risks
inherent in our non-insurance company subsidiaries, and risks to AIG
consolidated capital. The framework measures risk over multiple time horizons
and under different levels of stress, and includes multi-factor stresses as
well as single factor sensitivities that are designed to reflect AIG’s risk
characteristics. We use this information to support the assessment of resources
needed at the AIG Parent level to support our subsidiaries and capital
resources required to maintain consolidated company target capitalization
levels.

 We evaluate and manage risk in material
 topics as shown below. These topics are discussed in more detail in the
 following pages

: 

 ·

Credit Risk
 Management

 ·

Liquidity Risk
 Management

 ·

Insurance Risks

 ·

Market Risk
 Management

 ·

Operational Risk
 Management

 ·

Other Business Risks

146

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Credit Risk Management

Overview

Credit
risk is defined as the risk that our customers or counterparties are unable or
unwilling to repay their contractual obligations when they become due. Credit
risk may also result from a downgrade of a counterparty’s credit ratings or a
widening of its credit spreads

.

We devote
considerable resources to managing our direct and indirect credit exposures.
These exposures may arise from, but are not limited to, fixed income
investments, equity securities, deposits, commercial paper investments, reverse
repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements, corporate and consumer loans,
leases, reinsurance recoverables, counterparty risk arising from derivatives
activities, collateral extended to counterparties, insurance risk cessions to
third parties, financial guarantees, letters of credit, and certain General
Insurance businesses

. 

Governance

Our credit risks are managed by teams of credit
professionals, subject to ERM oversight and various control processes. Their primary
role is to assure appropriate credit risk management in accordance with our
credit policies and procedures relative to our credit risk parameters. Our
Chief Credit Officer (CCO) and credit executives are primarily responsible for
the development, implementation and maintenance of a risk management framework,
which includes the following elements related to our credit risks:  

•

developing and
implementing our company-wide credit policies and procedures;

•

approving delegated
credit authorities to our credit executives and qualified credit professionals;

•

developing
methodologies for quantification and assessment of credit risks, including the
establishment and maintenance of our internal risk rating process;

•

managing a system of
credit and program limits, as well as the approval process for credit
transactions, above limit exposures, and concentrations of risk that may exist
or be incurred;

•

evaluating, monitoring,
reviewing and reporting of credit risks and concentrations regularly with
senior management; and

•

approving appropriate
credit reserves, credit-related other-than-temporary impairments and
corresponding methodologies for all credit portfolios.

We monitor and control our company-wide credit risk
concentrations and attempt to avoid unwanted or excessive risk accumulations,
whether funded or unfunded. To minimize the level of credit risk in some
circumstances, we may require mitigants, such as third‑party guarantees,
reinsurance or collateral, including commercial bank-issued letters of credit
and trust collateral accounts. We treat these guarantees, reinsurance
recoverables, and letters of credit as credit exposure and include them in our
risk concentration exposure data. We also monitor closely the quality of any
trust collateral accounts. 

For further
information on our credit concentrations and credit exposures see Investments –
Available-for-Sale Investments.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

147

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Our credit risk
management framework incorporates the following elements:

 Risk Identification

 including the ongoing capture and
 monitoring of all existing, contingent, potential and emerging credit risk
 exposures, whether funded or unfunded

 Risk Measurement

 comprising risk ratings, default
 probabilities, loss given default and expected loss parameters, exposure
 calculations, stress testing and other risk analytics

 Risk Limits

 including, but not limited to, a system
 of single obligor or risk group-based AIG-wide house limits and sub-limits
 for corporates, financial institutions, sovereigns and sub-sovereigns when
 appropriate and a defined process for identifying, evaluating, documenting
 and approving, if appropriate, breaches of and exceptions to such limits

 Risk Delegations

 a comprehensive credit risk delegation
 framework from the Chief Credit Officer (CCO) to authorized credit
 professionals throughout the company

 Risk Evaluation, Monitoring and Reporting

 including the ongoing analysis and
 assessment of credit risks, trending of those risks and reporting of other
 key risk metrics and limits to the CCO and senior management, as may be
 required

 Credit Reserving

 including but not limited to development
 of a proper framework, policies and procedures for establishing accurate
 identification of (i) Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses, and (ii)
 other-than-temporary impairments for securities portfolios

Market Risk Management

Market risk is defined as the risk of adverse impact
due to systemic movements in one or more of the following market risk drivers: 
equity and commodity prices, residential and commercial real estate values,
interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange, inflation, and their levels
of volatility. 

We are engaged
in a variety of insurance, investment and other financial services businesses
that expose us to market risk, directly and indirectly. We are exposed to
market risks primarily within our insurance and capital markets activities, on
both the asset and liability side of our balance sheet through on- and
off-balance sheet exposures. The Risk Officer within each business is
responsible for creating a framework to properly identify these risks, then
ensuring that they are appropriately measured, monitored and managed in
accordance with the risk governance framework established by the Chief Market
Risk Officer (CMRO). 

The scope and
magnitude of our market risk exposures is managed under a robust framework that
contains defined risk limits and minimum standards for managing market risk in
a manner consistent with our risk appetite statement. Our market risk
management framework focuses on quantifying the financial repercussions of
changes in these broad market observables, as opposed to the idiosyncratic
risks associated with individual assets that are addressed through our credit
risk management function.

Many of
our market risk exposures, including exposures to interest rates and equity,
are associated with the asset and liability exposures of our Life and
Retirement companies. These exposures are generally long-term in nature.
Examples of liability-related exposures include interest rate sensitive
surrenders in our fixed deferred annuity product portfolio. Also, we have
equity market risk sensitive surrenders in our variable annuity product
portfolio. These interactive asset-liability types of risk exposures are
regularly monitored in accordance with the risk governance framework noted
above.

148

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Risk
Identification

Market
risk focuses on quantifying the financial repercussions of changes in broad,
external, predominantly market-observable risks. Financial repercussions can
include an adverse impact on results of operations, financial condition,
liquidity and capital.

Each of the following systemic risks is
considered a market risk:

 Equity prices

 We are exposed to changes in equity
 market prices affecting a variety of instruments. Changes in equity prices
 can affect the valuation of publicly traded equity shares, investments in
 private equity, hedge funds, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other
 equity-linked capital market instruments as well as equity-linked insurance
 products, including but not limited to index annuities, variable annuities,
 indexed universal life insurance and variable universal life insurance.

 Residential and
 commercial real estate values

 Our investment portfolios are exposed to
 the risk of changing values in a variety of residential and commercial real
 estate investments. Changes in residential/commercial real estate prices can
 affect the valuation of residential/commercial mortgages,
 residential/commercial mortgage‑backed securities and other structured
 securities with underlying assets that include residential/commercial
 mortgages, trusts that include residential/commercial real estate and/or
 mortgages, residential mortgage insurance and reinsurance contracts and
 commercial real estate investments.

 Interest rates

 Interest rate risk can arise from a
 mismatch in the interest rate exposure of assets versus liabilities. Lower
 interest rates generally result in lower investment income and make some of
 our product offerings less attractive to investors. Conversely, higher
 interest rates are typically beneficial for the opposite reasons. However,
 when rates rise quickly, there can be an asymmetric GAAP accounting effect
 where the existing securities lose market value, which is largely reported in
 Other comprehensive income, and the offsetting decrease in the value of
 certain liabilities may not be recognized. Changes in interest rates can
 affect the valuation of fixed maturity securities, financial liabilities,
 insurance contracts including but not limited to universal life, fixed rate
 annuities, variable annuities and derivative contracts. Additionally, for
 Variable Annuity, Index Annuity, and Equity Indexed Universal Life products,
 deviations in actual versus expected policyholder behavior can be driven by
 fluctuations in various market variables, including interest rates. Policies
 with guaranteed living benefit options or riders are also subject to the risk
 of actual benefit utilization being different than expected.

 Credit spreads

 Credit spreads measure an instrument’s
 risk premium or yield relative to that of a comparable duration, default‑free
 instrument. Changes in credit spreads can affect the valuation of fixed
 maturity securities, including but not limited to corporate bonds, ABS,
 mortgage-backed securities, AIG-issued debt obligations, credit derivatives
 and derivative credit valuation adjustments. Much like higher interest rates,
 wider credit spreads with unchanged default losses mean more investment
 income in the long term. In the short term, quickly rising spreads will cause
 a loss in the value of existing fixed maturity securities, which is largely
 reported in Other comprehensive income. A precipitous widening of credit
 spreads may also signal a fundamental weakness in the credit worthiness of
 bond obligors, potentially resulting in default losses.

 Foreign exchange
 (FX) rates

 We are a globally diversified enterprise
 with income, assets and liabilities denominated in, and capital deployed in,
 a variety of currencies. Changes in FX rates can affect the valuation of a
 broad range of balance sheet and income statement items as well as the
 settlement of cash flows exchanged in specific transactions.

 Commodity prices

 Changes in commodity prices (the value of
 commodities) can affect the valuation of publicly‑traded commodities,
 commodity indices and derivatives on commodities and commodity indices. We
 are exposed to commodity prices primarily through their impact on the prices
 and credit quality of commodity producers’ debt and equity securities in our
 investment portfolio.

 Inflation

 Changes in inflation can affect the
 valuation of fixed maturity securities, including AIG-issued debt
 obligations, derivatives and other contracts explicitly linked to inflation
 indices, and insurance contracts where the claims are linked to inflation
 either explicitly, via indexing, or implicitly, through medical costs or wage
 levels.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

149

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Governance

Market risk is overseen at the corporate level within ERM
through the CMRO, who reports directly to the CRO. The CMRO is supported by a
dedicated team of professionals within ERM. Market Risk is managed by our
finance, treasury and investment management corporate functions, collectively,
and in partnership with ERM. The CMRO is primarily responsible for the
development and maintenance of a risk management framework that includes the
following key components:

•

written policies that
define the rules for our market risk-taking activities and provide clear
guidance regarding their execution and management; 

•

a limit framework that
aligns with our Board-approved risk appetite statement;

•

independent
measurement, monitoring and reporting for line of business, business unit and
enterprise-wide market risks; and

•

clearly defined
authorities for all individuals and committee roles and responsibilities
related to market risk management.

These
components facilitate the CMRO’s identification, measurement, monitoring,
reporting and management of our market risks.  

Risk Measurement 

Our
market risk measurement framework was developed with the main objective of
communicating the range and scale of our market risk exposures. At the firm‑wide
level market risk is measured in a manner that is consistent with AIG’s risk
appetite statement. This is designed to ensure that we remain within our stated
risk tolerance levels and can determine how much additional market risk taking
capacity is available within our framework. Our risk appetite is currently
defined in terms of capital and liquidity levels. At the market risk level, the
framework measures our overall exposure to each systemic market risk change on
an economic basis.

In addition,
we continue to use enhanced economic, GAAP accounting and statutory capital‑based
risk measures at the market risk level, business‑unit level and firm‑wide
levels. This process aims to ensure that we have a comprehensive view of the
impact of our market risk exposures.

We use a number of approaches to measure our
market risk exposure, including:

 Examples include:

 Sensitivity analysis

 measures the impact from a unit change in
 a market risk input

 •

a one basis point increase in yield on
 fixed maturity securities, 

•

a one basis point increase in credit
 spreads of fixed maturity securities, and 

•

a one percent increase in prices of
 equity securities.

 Scenario analysis

 uses historical, hypothetical, or forward‑looking
 macroeconomic scenarios to assess and report exposures

 •

a 100 basis point parallel shift in the
 yield curve, or 

•

a 20 percent immediate and
 simultaneous decrease in world‑wide equity markets. 

Scenarios may also utilize a stochastic
 framework to arrive at a probability distribution of losses.

 Stress testing

 a special form of scenario analysis in
 which the scenarios are designed to lead to a material adverse outcome

 •

the stock market crash of October 1987 or
 the widening of yields or spreads of RMBS or CMBS during 2008.

150

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Market Risk
Sensitivities

The following table provides estimates of sensitivity to changes
in yield curves, equity prices and foreign currency exchange rates on our
financial instruments and excludes approximately $168.9 billion and $163.6
billion as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively, of
insurance liabilities. AIG believes that the interest rate sensitivities of
these insurance and other liabilities serve as an offset to the net interest
rate risk of the financial assets presented in the table below.

 Balance
 Sheet Exposure

 Economic
 Effect

 December
 31,

 December
 31,

 December
 31,

 December
 31, 

 (dollars in millions)

 2018

 2017

 2018

 2017

 Sensitivity factor 

 100 bps parallel increase in all yield curves

 Interest rate sensitive assets:

 Fixed maturity securities

 $

 237,460

 $

 248,195

 $

 (13,831)

 $

 (14,998)

 Mortgage and other loans receivable(a)

 39,656

 28,799

 (1,993)

 (1,566)

 Derivatives:

 Interest rate contracts

 867

 (29)

 (1,196)

 (1,343)

 Equity contracts

 383

 501

 21

 36

 Other contracts

 80

 (675)

 26

 42

 Total interest rate sensitive assets

 $

 278,446

 (b)

 $

 276,791

 (b) 

 $

 (16,973)

 $

 (17,829)

 Interest rate sensitive liabilities:

 Policyholder contract deposits:

 Investment-type contracts(a)

 $

 (120,602)

 $

 (114,326)

 $

 6,217

 (c)

 $

 7,363

 (c)

 Variable annuity and other embedded

 derivatives

 (4,116)

 (4,148)

 1,537

 2,175

 Long-term debt(a) (d)

 (24,635)

 (24,445)

 1,807

 1,803

 Total interest rate sensitive liabilities

 $

 (149,353)

 $

 (142,919)

 $

 9,561

 $

 11,341

 Sensitivity factor 

 20% decline in stock prices and

 alternative investments

 Derivatives:

 Equity contracts(e) 

 383

 501

 862

 (f)

 1,228

 (f)

 Equity and alternative investments:

 Real estate investments

 8,935

 8,258

 (1,787)

 (1,652)

 Private equity

 4,787

 5,540

 (957)

 (1,108)

 Hedge funds

 4,179

 5,768

 (836)

 (1,153)

 Common equity

 792

 1,215

 (158)

 (243)

 PICC Investment

 448

 549

 (90)

 (110)

 Other investments

 903

 761

 (181)

 (152)

 Total derivatives, equity and alternative

 investments

 $

 20,427

 $

 22,592

 $

 (3,147)

 $

 (3,190)

 Policyholder contract deposits:

 Variable annuity and other

 embedded derivatives(e) 

 $

 (4,116)

 $

 (4,148)

 $

 (655)

 $

 (982)

 Total liability

 $

 (4,116)

 $

 (4,148)

 $

 (655)

 $

 (982)

 Sensitivity factor 

 10% depreciation of all foreign currency 

 exchange rates against the U.S. dollar

 Foreign currency-denominated net 

 asset position:

 Great Britain pound

 $

 1,861

 $

 2,026

 $

 (186)

 $

 (203)

 Euro

 1,330

 1,349

 (133)

 (135)

 Hong Kong dollar

 585

 562

 (58)

 (56)

 All other foreign currencies

 1,587

 2,622

 (159)

 (262)

 Total foreign currency-denominated net 

 asset position

(g) 

 $

 5,363

 $

 6,559

 $

 (536)

 $

 (656)

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

151

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

(a)  The economic effect is the difference between the
estimated fair value and the effect of a 100 bps parallel increase in all yield
curves on the estimated fair value. The estimated fair values for Mortgage and
other loans receivable, Policyholder contract deposits (Investment-type
contracts) and Long-term debt were $40,152 million, $121,374 million and
$23,929 million at December 31, 2018, respectively. The estimated fair values
for Mortgage and other loans receivable, Policyholder contract deposits
(Investment-type contracts) and Long-term debt were $29,523 million, $122,196
million and $25,970 million at December 31, 2017, respectively.

(b)  At
December 31, 2018, the analysis covered $278.4 billion of $285.8 billion
interest-rate sensitive assets. Excluded were $3.5 billion of loans. In
addition, $3.9 billion of assets across various asset categories were excluded
due to modeling limitations. At December 31, 2017, the analysis covered $276.8
billion of $289.6 billion interest-rate sensitive assets. Excluded were $8.2
billion of loans. In addition, $4.6 billion of assets across various asset
categories were excluded due to modeling limitations.

(c)  Beginning
in the third quarter of 2018, the economic effect presented for Policyholder
contract deposits - investment-type contracts has been refined to better
reflect the economic effect on the balance sheet and is calculated as the
change to the estimated fair value from a 100 bps parallel increase in all
yield curves on the estimated fair value. Historically, the calculation was the
change between the carrying value and the estimated fair value from a 100 bps
parallel increase in all yield curves on the estimated fair value.  Prior
period presentation has been revised to conform to the current period approach.

(d)  At
December 31, 2018, the analysis excluded $8.4 billion of long-term debt related
to debt of consolidated investments, $643 million of AIGLH borrowings, $359
million of Validus borrowings, $168 million of borrowings from FHLB and $331
million of AIG Japan Holdings loans. At December 31, 2017, the analysis
excluded $6.0 billion of long-term debt related to debt of consolidated
investments, $642 million of AIGLH borrowings, $190 million of borrowings from
the FHLB and $334 million of AIG Japan Holdings loans.

(e)  The
balance sheet exposures for equity contracts and variable annuity and other
embedded derivatives are also reflected under “Interest rate sensitive liabilities”
above, and are not additive.

(f)  Beginning
in the third quarter of 2018, the economic effect calculation presented for
Derivatives - equity contracts is calculated using an internal risk calculation
model. The prior period presentation of the economic effect was calculated as
the effect of a 20 percent decline on the estimated fair value. Prior period
presentation has been revised to conform to the current period approach.  

(g)  The
majority of the foreign currency exposure is reported on a one quarter lag.

The
sensitivity analysis is an estimate and should not be viewed as predictive of
our future financial performance. We cannot ensure that our actual losses in
any particular period will not exceed the amounts indicated above.

Interest
rate sensitivity

 is defined as change in its
value with respect to plus a 100 basis point change in the interest rate
environment, calculated as: scenario value minus base value, where base value
is the value of the derivative under the yield curves as of the period end and
scenario value is the value reflecting a 100 basis point parallel increase
in all yield curves
. 

We
evaluate our interest rate risk without the effect of any correlation among
other key market risks or other assumptions used for calculating the fair value
of our financial assets and liabilities. This scenario does not measure changes
in value resulting from non-parallel shifts in the yield curve, which could
produce different results. 

We
evaluate our equity price risk without the effect of any correlation among
other key market risks or other assumptions used for calculating the fair value
of our financial assets and liabilities. This scenario considers the direct
impact of declines in equity prices and not changes in asset-based fees,
changes in the estimated gross profits used for amortizing DAC, or changes in
any other assumptions used to calculate the fair value of the embedded
derivatives related to the living benefit features within variable annuity
products. In addition, this scenario does not reflect the impact of basis risk,
such as projections about the future performance of the underlying contract
holder funds and actual fund returns, which we use as a basis for developing
our hedging strategy.

Foreign
currency-denominated net asset position reflects our consolidated non‑U.S.
dollar assets less our consolidated non‑U.S dollar liabilities on a GAAP
basis, with certain adjustments. We use a bottom-up approach in managing our
foreign currency exchange rate exposures with the objective of protecting
statutory capital at the regulated insurance entity level. At the AIG
consolidated level, we monitor our foreign currency exposures against single
currency and aggregate currency portfolio limits. 

Our foreign
currency-denominated net asset position at December 31, 2018, decreased by $1.2
billion compared to December 31, 2017. The decrease was primarily due to a $669
million decrease in our Japanese yen position and a $264 million decrease in
our Canadian dollar position, each due to an increase in loss reserves.

For
illustrative purposes, we modeled our sensitivities based on a 100 basis point
increase in yield curves, a 20 percent decline in equities and alternative
assets, and a 10 percent depreciation of all foreign currency exchange
rates against the U.S. dollar. The estimated results presented in the table
above should not be taken as a prediction, but only as a demonstration of the
potential effects of such events

. 

The
sensitivity factors utilized for 2018 and presented above were selected based
on historical data from 1998 to 2018, as follows 
(see the table below)

: 

•

a 100 basis point
parallel shift in the yield curve is consistent with a one standard deviation
movement of the benchmark ten-year treasury yield;

•

a 20 percent drop for
equity and alternative investments is broadly consistent with a one standard
deviation movement in the S&P 500; and

•

a 10 percent
depreciation of foreign currency exchange rates is consistent with a one
standard deviation movement in the U.S. dollar (USD)/Japanese yen (JPY)
exchange rate.

152

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

 2018
 Scenario as

 2018

 2018
 as a Multiple

 Original
 2017 Scenario (based

 Standard

 Suggested

 a
 Multiple of

 Change/

 of
 Standard

 on
 Standard Deviation for

 Period

 Deviation

 2018
 Scenario

 Standard
 Deviation

 Return

 Deviation

 1997-2017
 Period)

 10-Year Treasury

 1998-2018

 0.01

 0.01

 1.06

 -

 0.34

 0.01

 S&P 500

 1998-2018

 0.17

 0.20

 1.17

 (0.06)

 0.37

 0.20

 USD/JPY

 1998-2018

 0.11

 0.10

 0.92

 0.03

 0.25

 0.10

Risk Monitoring and Limits

The
risk monitoring responsibilities, owned by the business units, include ensuring
compliance with market risk limits and escalation and remediation of limit
breaches. Such activities must be reported to the ERM Market Risk team by the
relevant business unit. This monitoring approach is aligned with our overall
risk limits framework. 

To control our
exposure to market risk, we rely on a three-tiered hierarchy of limits that the
CMRO closely monitors and reports to our CRO, senior management and risk
committees. 

For further
information on our three-tiered hierarchy of limits see Risk Appetite, Limits,
Identification, and Measurement – Risk Limits herein

.

Liquidity Risk Management

Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that our financial
condition will be adversely affected by the inability or perceived inability to
meet our short-term cash, collateral or other financial obligations. Failure to
appropriately manage liquidity risk can result in insolvency, reduced operating
flexibility, increased costs, reputational harm and regulatory action

. 

AIG and its
legal entities seek to maintain sufficient liquidity both during the normal
course of business and under defined liquidity stress scenarios to ensure that
sufficient cash will be available to meet the obligations as they come due

.

AIG Parent
liquidity risk tolerance levels are designed to allow us to meet our financial
obligations for a minimum of six months under a liquidity stress scenario. We
maintain liquidity limits and minimum coverage ratios designed to ensure that
funding needs are met under varying stress conditions. If we project that we
will breach these tolerances, we will assess and determine appropriate
liquidity management actions. However, the market conditions in effect at that
time may not permit us to achieve an increase in liquidity sources or a
reduction in liquidity requirements

.

Risk Identification

The following sources of liquidity and
funding risks could impact our ability to meet short-term financial obligations
as they come due.

 Market/Monetization Risk

 Assets may not be readily transformed
 into cash due to unfavorable market conditions. Market liquidity risk may
 limit our ability to sell assets at reasonable values to meet liquidity
 needs.

 Cash Flow Mismatch Risk

 Discrete and cumulative cash flow
 mismatches or gaps over short-term horizons under both expected and adverse
 business conditions may create future liquidity shortfalls.

 Event Funding Risk

 Additional funding may be required as the
 result of a trigger event. Event funding risk comes in many forms and may
 result from a downgrade in credit ratings, a market event, or some other
 event that creates a funding obligation or limits existing funding options.

 Financing Risk

 We may be unable to raise additional cash
 on a secured or unsecured basis due to unfavorable market conditions,
 AIG-specific issues, or any other issue that impedes access to additional
 funding.

Governance

Liquidity
risk is overseen at the corporate level within ERM. The CRO has responsibility
for the oversight of the Liquidity Risk Management Framework and delegates the
day-to-day implementation of this framework to the AIG Treasurer. Our corporate
treasury function manages liquidity risk, subject to ERM oversight and various
control processes.

The Liquidity
Risk Management Framework is guided by the liquidity risk tolerance as set
forth in the Board-approved risk appetite statement.

The principal
objective of this framework is to establish minimum liquidity requirements that
protect our long-term viability and ability to fund our ongoing business, and
to meet short-term financial obligations in a timely manner in both normal and
stressed conditions. 

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

153

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Our Liquidity Risk Management Framework includes a number
of liquidity and funding policies and monitoring tools to address AIG-specific,
broader industry and market-related liquidity events.

Risk Measurement

Comprehensive
cash flow projections under normal conditions are the primary component for
identifying and measuring liquidity risk. We produce comprehensive liquidity
projections over varying time horizons that incorporate all relevant liquidity
sources and uses and include known and likely cash inflows and outflows. In
addition, we perform stress testing by identifying liquidity stress scenarios
and assessing the effects of these scenarios on our cash flow and liquidity.

We use a number of approaches to measure our
liquidity risk exposure, including:

 M

inimum Liquidity Limits

 Minimum Liquidity Limits specify the
 amount of assets required to be maintained in order to meet obligations as
 they arise over a specified time horizon under stressed liquidity conditions.

 Coverage
 Ratios

 Coverage Ratios measure the adequacy of
 available liquidity sources, including the ability to monetize assets to meet
 the forecasted cash flows over a specified time horizon. The portfolio of
 assets is selected based on our ability to convert those assets into cash
 under the assumed stressed conditions and within the specified time horizon.

 Cash Flow
 Forecasts

 Cash Flow Forecasts measure the liquidity
 needed for a specific legal entity over a specified time horizon.

 Stress
 Testing

 Asset liquidity and 

Coverage Ratios are re-measured under
 defined liquidity stress scenarios that will impact net cash flows, liquid
 assets and/or other funding sources.

Relevant
liquidity reporting is produced and reported regularly to AIG Parent and
business unit risk committees. The frequency, content, and nature of reporting
will vary for each business unit and legal entity, based on its complexity,
risk profile, activities and size.

Operational Risk M
anagement

Overview

Operational
risk is defined as the risk of loss, or other adverse consequences, resulting
from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, systems, or from external
events. Operational risk includes legal, regulatory, technology, compliance,
third party and business continuity risks, but excludes business and strategy
risks. 

Operational
risk is inherent in each of our business units and functions and can have many
impacts, including but not limited to: unexpected economic losses or gains,
reputational harm due to negative publicity, regulatory action from supervisory
agencies and operational and business disruptions, and/or damage to customer
relationships.

Governance

Our operational
risk governance sets the requirements necessary to embed a risk management
culture throughout the organization. AIG and its consolidated subsidiaries
establish and maintain operational risk and controls governance forums that
include representatives from the relevant business units and functions to
appropriately manage significant operational risk exposures. 

At an enterprise level, the GRC oversees operational risk
along with the Risk Officers.  

Operational
risk is overseen at the corporate level within ERM through the Head of
Operational Controls and Governance, who reports directly to our CRO. The Head
of Operational Controls and Governance is responsible for the development and
maintenance of the operational risk framework that includes policies, standards
and deployment of systems.   

154

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Risk
Identification, Measurement and Monitoring

The
ORM function within ERM oversees the operational risk policy and risk and
control framework, which includes risk identification, assessment, measurement,
management and monitoring of operational risk exposures. ORM supports the Head
of Operational Controls and Governance and has responsibility to provide an
aggregate view of our operational risk profile.

As part of the framework,
we employ a Three Lines of Defense model whereby the first line consists of
business units and functions that own and manage AIG risks, the second line
consists of ERM and other control functions and serves as an independent
advisor to the first line and has risk oversight responsibilities, and the
third line consists of our Internal Audit Group that provides independent
assurance covering aspects of the First and Second Lines of Defense, in each
case, to strengthen the governance, capability and delivery of operational risk
management tools and methods. As a part of our ongoing transformation efforts,
the business leaders assume full ownership and accountability for the risks and
controls in their operating units, including support functions, for the operational
risks that arise in their own processes and activities and ERM performs an
independent review and challenge function. In line with the Three Lines of
Defense Model, the ORM programs include, but are not limited to, several key
components outlined below:

•

Risk Event Capture – enables
every employee to identify, document, and escalate operational risk events,
with a view to enhancing processes and promoting lessons learned. 

•

Risk Assessments –
allows for the assessment, measurement and management of the key operational
risks within our business units and helps inform on the efficacy of our control
environment. 

•

Key Risk Indicators –
enhances the ongoing monitoring and mitigation of operational risks and
facilitate risk reporting.

•

Issues Management –
enables a consistent tracking of issues across the firm, including policy and
process exceptions, control deficiencies and findings from risk and control
assessment activities.  

•

Scenario Analyses –
executed by first- and second-line professionals to identify potential risks
that could result in financial losses in order to identify the financial
implications of the risk to the firm and support the prioritization of
operational risk treatment.  

ORM,
working together with other control and assurance functions (e.g., Compliance, Financial
Controls Unit / Sarbanes Oxley, Global Business Continuity, and Internal Audit)
through the risk and control framework, provides an independent view of
operational risks for each business, and works with the business unit CRO and
business unit Owner of the Control Agenda, whose responsibilities include
coordinating identification, assessment, control and mitigation of risks to the
operating environment and promoting awareness, to facilitate implementation of
the above programs. This includes coverage of operational risks related to core
insurance activities, investing, model risk, technology (including cyber
security, identify and access management, data privacy and data security),
third-party providers, as well as compliance and regulatory matters. Based on
the results of the risk identification and assessment efforts above, business
leaders are accountable for tracking and remediating identified issues in line
with our risk-monitoring procedures. Governance committees support these
efforts and promote transparency enabling improved management decision making. 

 The risk and control
 framework facilitates the identification and mitigation of operational risk
 issues and is designed to:

 ·

ensure first line
 accountability and ownership of risks and controls; 

·

promote role clarity
 among the business and risk and control functions;

·

enhance transparency,
 risk management governance and culture;

·

foster greater
 consistency in identifying, measuring and ranking material risks;

·

proactively address
 potential risk issues and assign clear ownership and accountability for risk treatment;
 and

·

manage the
 development of technology solutions that support the objectives above.

Cybersecurity Risk

Cybersecurity
risk is an important, constant, and evolving focus for AIG and the insurance
and financial services industries in general. The increased sophistication and
activities of unauthorized parties attempting to access our systems and
fraudulently induce employees, clients, vendors or other third parties or users
of our systems to disclose sensitive information is an ever-present risk and
frequent attack vector against AIG. The goal of such unauthorized parties is to
gain access to AIG’s data and systems to learn confidential information,
destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other
damage. Cybersecurity risks may also derive from human error, fraud or malice
on the part of AIG employees or third parties who have authorized access to
AIG’s systems or information.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

155

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

ERM works closely with and supports the risk management
practices of the business units and functions that form the first line of
defense against the cybersecurity risks that we face, including the risks that
emerge as a result of the execution of our business strategies and our
corresponding exposure to new products, clients, industry segments and regions,
through initiatives such as investments in technological infrastructure,
education and training for employees and vendors, and monitoring of industry
developments. As part of our overarching cybersecurity strategy, we employ a
variety of tactics to monitor and assess threat levels, remediate our exposures
and enhance our systems and applications security. We also seek to build upon
our capabilities by recruiting talent in the fields of information technology
and data security. In addition to being required to comply with a vast array of
privacy, data protection and cybersecurity laws, AIG participates in
discussions of cybersecurity risks with law enforcement, government officials,
as well as peer and industry groups. 

AIG’s
Board of Directors and its Technology Committee are regularly briefed by
management on AIG’s cybersecurity matters, including threats, policies,
practices and ongoing efforts to improve security. As part of our disclosure
controls and procedures, ERM and Internal Audit are charged with ensuring that
the members of management responsible for disclosure controls are informed in a
timely manner of known cybersecurity risks and incidents that may materially
impact our operations so that timely public disclosure can be made as
appropriate. There is no guarantee that the measures AIG takes and the
resources AIG devotes to protect against cybersecurity risk will provide
absolute security or recoverability of AIG’s systems given the complexity and
frequency of the risk, which AIG may not always be able to anticipate or
adequately address. For additional information regarding the data protection
and cybersecurity regulations to which we are subject, 
see Item 1. Business
– Regulation – U.S. Regulation – Privacy, Data Protection and Cybersecurity and
– International Regulation – Privacy, Data Protection and Cybersecurity. For
additional discussion of cybersecurity risks, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk
Factors – Business and Operations.

Insurance 
Risks

Insurance
risk is defined as the risk of actual claims experience and/or policyholder
behavior being materially different than expected at the inception of an
insurance contract. Uncertainties related to insurance risk include the amount
and timing of cash flows from premiums, commissions, expenses, claims and claim
settlement expenses paid or received under a contract.

Except
as described above, we manage our business risk oversight activities through
our insurance operations. A primary goal in managing our insurance operations
is to achieve an acceptable risk-adjusted return on equity. To achieve this
goal, we must be disciplined in risk selection, premium adequacy, and
appropriate terms and conditions to cover the risk accepted.  

We
operate our insurance businesses on a global basis, and we are exposed to a
wide variety of risks with different time horizons. We manage these risks
throughout the organization, both centrally and locally, through a number of
procedures:

•

pre-launch approval of
product design, development and distribution;

•

underwriting approval
processes and authorities;

•

exposure limits with
ongoing monitoring;

•

pricing and risk
selection models;

•

price approval
processes;

•

modeling and reporting
of aggregations and limit concentrations at multiple levels (policy, line of
business, product group, country, individual/group, correlation and
catastrophic risk events);

•

risk transfer tools
such as reinsurance, both internal and third-party; 

•

review and challenge of
reserves to ensure comprehensive analysis with established escalation
procedures to provide appropriate transparency in reserving decisions and
judgments made in the establishment of reserves;

•

business line actuarial
briefings and actuarial financial judgment regular reviews with ERM and
business management;

•

management of
relationship between assets and liabilities, including hedging;

•

experience monitoring
and assumption updates;

•

risk reporting and
active risk management which includes meetings and collaboration between ERM
and the business;

•

enhanced pricing
models; and

•

compliance with
financial reporting and capital and solvency targets.

We
closely manage insurance risk by monitoring and controlling the nature and
geographic location of the risks in each line of business underwritten, the
terms and conditions of the underwriting and the premiums we charge for taking
on the risk. We analyze concentrations of risk using various modeling
techniques, including both probability distributions (stochastic) and/or
single-point estimates (deterministic) approaches.

156

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Risk
Identification

•

General
Insurance companies —

risks covered include property, casualty, fidelity/surety, accident and health,
aviation, and management liability. We manage risks in the General Insurance
business through aggregations and limitations of concentrations at multiple
levels: policy, line of business, geography, industry and legal entity. 

•

Life
and Retirement companies —

risks include mortality and morbidity in the insurance-oriented
products and insufficient cash flows to cover contract liabilities, longevity
risk in the retirement savings-oriented products and policyholder behavior. We
manage risks through product design, sound medical and non-medical
underwriting, and external reinsurance programs.

We purchase reinsurance for our insurance
operations.

Reinsurance
facilitates insurance risk management (retention, volatility, concentrations)
and capital planning. We may purchase reinsurance on a pooled basis. Pooling of
our reinsurance risks enables us to purchase reinsurance more efficiently at a
consolidated level, manage global counterparty risk and relationships and
manage global catastrophe risks.

Governance

Insurance risks are monitored at the business unit level
within ERM and overseen by the business unit chief risk officer, who reports
directly to our CRO. The framework includes the following key components:

•

written policies that
define the rules for our insurance risk-taking activities; 

•

a limit framework
focused on key insurance risks that aligns with our Board-approved risk
appetite statement; and

•

clearly defined
authorities for all individuals and committee roles and responsibilities
related to insurance risk management.

Risk Measurement, Monitoring and Limits

 We use a number of
 approaches to measure our insurance risk exposure, including:

 Stochastic
 methods. 

Stochastic methods are used
 to measure and monitor risks including natural catastrophe, reserve and
 premium risk. We develop probabilistic estimates of risk based on our
 exposures, historical observed volatility or industry-recognized models in
 the case of catastrophe risk.

Scenario
 analysis. 

Scenario or deterministic
 analysis is used to measure and monitor risks such as terrorism or to
 estimate losses due to man-made catastrophic scenarios.

Experience studies.

Ongoing assessment of mortality,
 longevity, morbidity and policyholder behavior experience relative to that
 assumed in pricing and valuation and that experienced in the general market.

In
addition, there are risk specific assessment tools in place to better manage
the variety of insurance risks to which we are exposed.

We
monitor concentrations of exposure through insurance limits aggregated along
dimensions such as geography, industry, or counterparty. 

The risk
monitoring responsibilities of the business units include ensuring compliance
with insurance risk limits and escalation and remediation of limit breaches.
Such activities are reported to management by the relevant business unit for
informative decision-making on a regular basis. This monitoring approach is
aligned with our overall risk limits framework. 

Risk limits have
a consistent framework used across AIG, its business units, and legal entities.
This includes escalation thresholds in cases where measurement is particularly
challenging.  

For further
information on our three-tiered hierarchy of limits see Risk Appetite, Limits,
Identification, and Measurement – Risk Limits herein. 

General Insurance Companies’ Key Risks

We
manage our risks through risk review and selection processes, exposure
limitations, exclusions, deductibles, self-insured retentions, coverage limits,
attachment points, and reinsurance. This management is supported by sound
underwriting practices, pricing procedures and the use of actuarial analysis to
help determine overall adequacy of provisions for insurance. Underwriting
practices and pricing procedures incorporate historical experience, changes in
underlying exposure, current regulation and judicial decisions as well as
proposed or anticipated regulatory changes.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

157

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

For General Insurance companies, risks primarily include
the following:

•

Loss
Reserves –

The 

potential inadequacy of the liabilities we establish for unpaid
losses and loss adjustment expenses is a key risk faced by the General
Insurance companies. There is significant uncertainty in factors that may drive
the ultimate development of losses compared to our estimates of losses and loss
adjustment expenses. We manage this uncertainty through internal controls and
oversight of the loss reserve setting process, as well as reviews by external
experts. 
For further information see Critical Accounting Estimates –
Insurance Liabilities – Loss Reserves herein.

•

Underwriting
–

 The potential inadequacy
of premiums charged for future risk periods on risks underwritten in our
portfolios can impact the General Insurance companies’ ability to achieve an
underwriting profit. We develop pricing based on our estimates of losses and
expenses, but factors such as market pressures and the inherent uncertainty and
complexity in estimating losses may result in premiums that are inadequate to
generate underwriting profit. This may be driven by adverse economic
conditions, unanticipated emergence of risks or increase in frequency of
claims, worse than expected prepayment of policies, investment results, or unexpected
or increased costs or expenses. 

•

Catastrophe
Exposure –

 Our business is
exposed to various catastrophic events in which multiple losses can occur and
affect multiple lines of business in any calendar year. Natural disasters, such
as hurricanes, earthquakes and other catastrophes, have the potential to
adversely affect our operating results. Other risks, such as man-made
catastrophes or pandemic disease, could also adversely affect our business and
operating results to the extent they are covered by our insurance products.
Concentration of exposure in certain industries or geographies may cause us to
suffer disproportionate losses.

•

Single
Risk Loss Exposure –

 Our
business is exposed to loss events that have the potential to generate losses
from a single insured client. Events such as fires or explosions can result in
loss activity for our clients. The net risk to us is managed to acceptable
limits established by our GRC through a combination of internal underwriting
standards and external reinsurance. Furthermore, single risk loss exposure is
managed and monitored on both a segregated and aggregated basis. 

•

Reinsurance
–

 Since we use reinsurance
to limit our losses, we are exposed to risks associated with reinsurance
including the unrecoverability of expected payments from reinsurers due to
either an inability or unwillingness to pay, contracts that do not respond
properly to the event or actual reinsurance coverage that is different than
anticipated. The inability or unwillingness to pay is considered credit risk
and is monitored through our credit risk management framework.

Natural Catastrophe Risk

We
manage catastrophe exposure with multiple approaches such as setting risk
limits based on aggregate Probable Maximum Loss (PML) modeling, monitoring
overall exposures and risk accumulations, and purchasing catastrophe
reinsurance through both the traditional reinsurance and capital markets in
addition to other reinsurance protections.

We use
third-party catastrophe risk models and other tools to evaluate and simulate
frequency and severity of catastrophic events and associated losses to our
portfolios of exposures. We apply a proprietary multi-model approach to account
for relative strengths and weaknesses of vendor models and make adjustments to
modeled losses to account for loss adjustment expenses, model biases, data
quality and non-modeled risks.

We perform
post-catastrophe event studies to identify model weaknesses, underwriting gaps,
and improvement opportunities. 

Lessons
learned from 

post-catastrophe event 

studies are incorporated into the modeling and
underwriting processes of risk pricing and selection. The majority of policies
exposed to catastrophic risks are one-year contracts that allow us to adjust
our underwriting guidelines, pricing and exposure accumulation in a relatively
short period. 

We recognize
that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural
catastrophe risk. With multiple levels of risk management processes in place,
we actively analyze the latest climate science and policy to anticipate
potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models and strategic planning.
For example, we continually consider changes in climate and weather patterns as
an integral part of the underwriting process. In addition, we are committed to
providing innovative insurance products and services to help our clients be
proactive against the threat of climate change, including expanding natural
disaster resilience, promoting adaptation, and reducing greenhouse gas
emissions. Our internal product development, underwriting, modeling, and
sustainability practices will continue to adapt to and evolve with the
developing risk exposures attributed to climate change.

Our natural
catastrophe exposure is primarily driven by the U.S. and Japan, though our
overall exposure is diversified across multiple countries. For example, we have
exposures to additional perils such as European windstorms and floods and
seismic events across the Pacific Rim. Within the U.S., we have significant hurricane
exposure in Florida, the Gulf of Mexico, the Northeast U.S. and mid-Atlantic
regions. Events impacting the Northeast U.S. and the mid-Atlantic may result in
a higher share of industry losses than other regions primarily due to our
relative share of exposure in those regions. Within the U.S., we have
significant earthquake exposure in California, the Pacific Northwest and New
Madrid regions. Earthquakes impacting the Pacific Northwest and New Madrid
regions may result in a higher share of industry losses than other regions
primarily due to our relative share of exposure in these regions.

158

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

The estimates below are the Occurrence Exceedance
Probability (OEP) losses, which reflect losses that may occur in any single event
due to the defined peril. The 1-in-100 and 1-in-250 PMLs are the probable
maximum losses from a single natural catastrophe event with probability of 1 percent
and 0.4 percent in a year, respectively.  

The following table presents an overview of OEP modeled losses for
top perils and countries: 

 At December 31, 2018

 Net of

 Net of

 Percent
 of Total

 (in millions)

 Reinsurance

 Reinsurance,
 After Tax(e)

 Shareholder
 Equity

 Exposures:

 U.S. Hurricane (1-in-100)(a)

 $

 1,278

 $

 1,010

 1.8

 %

 U.S. Earthquake (1-in-250)(b)

 1,639

 1,295

 2.3

 Japanese Typhoon (1-in-100)(c)

 448

 354

 0.6

 Japanese Earthquake (1-in-250)(d)

 $

 446

 $

 352

 0.6

 %

(a)  The
U.S. hurricane loss estimate includes losses to Commercial and Personal
Property from hurricane hazards of wind and storm surge.

(b)  The
U.S. earthquake loss estimates represent exposure to Commercial and Personal
Property, Workers’ Compensation (U.S.) and A&H business lines.

(c)  Japan
Typhoon loss estimate represents exposure to Commercial and Personal Property.

(d)  Japan
Earthquake loss estimate represents exposure to Commercial and Personal
Property and A&H business lines.

(e) 
Taxed at the statutory tax rate of 21 percent for both the U.S. and Japanese
modeled losses. The majority of Japan exposures are ceded to our U.S. Pool.

AIG’s
1-in-100 worldwide all peril OEP has reduced more than 15 percent from prior
year, inclusive of Validus. The OEP estimates provided above reflect our
in-force portfolios for exposures at October 1, 2018 for Validus and September
30, 2018 for the remainder of the exposure. The catastrophe reinsurance program
is as of January 1, 2019. Other reinsurance covers are as of December 31, 2018.

AIG, along with
other property casualty insurance and reinsurance companies, uses
industry-recognized catastrophe models and applies proprietary modeling
processes and assumptions to arrive at loss estimates. The use of different
methodologies and assumptions could materially change the projected losses. Since
there is no industry standard for assumptions and preparation of insured data
for use in these models, our modeled losses may not be comparable to estimates
made by other companies. 

Also, the
modeled results are based on the assumption that all reinsurers fulfill their
obligations to us under the terms of the reinsurance arrangements. However,
reinsurance recoverables may not be fully collectible. Therefore, these
estimates are inherently uncertain and may not accurately reflect our exposure
to these events. 

Our 2019
catastrophe reinsurance program provides protection on both an aggregate and
occurrence basis. It is a worldwide program that provides differing per
occurrence and aggregate attachment points for North America, Japan, and Rest
of World (that also has some regional/country variations). The program includes
$2 billion of limit for either per occurrence or aggregate exposure that is
shared across the regional towers.  

Our coverage for North America includes:

•

Per occurrence
protection of up to $4 billion excess of $750 million, including $2 billion of
limit in excess of $2.75 billion that is shared across the regional occurrence
and aggregate towers

•

Aggregate protection
utilizing the $2 billion of shared limit attaching excess $750 Million for 40%
of the limit and excess $1 billion for 60% of the limit, with a $100 million per
occurrence deductible

•

Up to $500 million of
aggregate or occurrence North America specific limit to supplement the shared
limit in the event that this erodes

•

A $275 million
occurrence catastrophe cover specific to our U.S. high net worth personal lines
business, with varying attachment points tailored towards specific geographies 

Our
coverage for exposure outside North America includes:

•

Japan per occurrence
coverage of $550 million excess of $200 million and includes both personal and
commercial exposure

•

Rest of World per
occurrence coverage up to $425 million, with a retention of either $50 million,
$75 million or $125 million depending on the zone/country 

•

Rest of World and Japan
dedicated aggregate protection of $250 million excess $250 million with a $20
million per occurrence deductible

•

Rest of World and Japan
$2 billion of per occurrence or aggregate shared limit 

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

159

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

We have also purchased property per risk covers that
provide protection against large losses globally, which include those emanating
from non-critical catastrophe events (all events except for named windstorm and
earthquake) globally as well as critical catastrophe events (named windstorm
and earthquake) outside North America.  

For Validus
Reinsurance Limited, our catastrophe protection comes from a variety of
reinsurance protections but is largely providing $400 million of limit excess
$300 million of retention from world-wide exposure via an aggregate excess of
loss cover with an additional $450 million of limit excess $700 million via the
Tailwind Re Cat Bond for US, Puerto Rico and Canada named storm losses.

Actual results
in any period are likely to vary, perhaps materially, from the modeled
scenarios. The occurrence of one or more severe events could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.

For
additional information see also Item 1A. Risk Factors 

—

 Reserves and Exposures.

Terrorism Risk

We
actively monitor terrorism risk and manage exposures to losses from terrorist attacks

. We have set risk limits based on modeled losses from
certain terrorism attack scenarios. Terrorism risks are modeled using a third-party
vendor model for various terrorism attack modes and scenarios. Adjustments are
made to account for vendor model gaps and the nature of the General Insurance
companies’ exposures. Examples of modeled scenarios are conventional bombs of
different sizes, anthrax attacks and nuclear attacks.

Our largest
terrorism exposures are in New York City, and estimated losses are largely
driven by the Property and Workers’ Compensation lines of business. At our
largest exposure location, modeled losses for a five-ton bomb attack net of the
Terrorism Risk Insurance Program (TRIP) and reinsurance recoveries are
estimated to be $2.8 billion based on the exposures as of September 30, 2018. 

Our exposure to
terrorism risk in the U.S. is mitigated by TRIP in addition to limited private reinsurance
protections. TRIP covers terrorist attacks within the United States or U.S.
missions and against certain U.S. carriers or vessels and excludes certain
lines of business as specified by applicable law. In 2019, TRIP covers 81 percent
of insured losses above a deductible, decreasing to 80 percent in 2020. The
current estimate of our deductible is approximately $2.0 billion for 2018. 

We offer
terrorism coverage in many other countries through various insurance products
and participate in country terrorism pools when applicable. International
terrorism exposure is estimated using scenario-based modeling and exposure
concentration is monitored routinely. Targeted reinsurance purchases are made
for some lines of business to cover potential losses due to terrorist attacks.

 We also rely on the government-sponsored and government-arranged
terrorism reinsurance programs, including pools, in force in applicable non-U.S.
jurisdictions.

Life and Retirement Companies’ Key Risks

We manage
risk through product design, experience monitoring, pricing actions, risk
limitations, reinsurance and active monitoring and management of the
relationships between assets and liabilities, including hedging.

For
Life and Retirement companies, risks include the following:

•

Longevity
risk – 

represents the risk
of an increase in value of a policy or benefit as a result of actual mortality
rates being lower than the expected mortality rates. This risk could arise from
medical advancement and longer-term societal health changes. This risk exists
in a number of our product lines but is most significant for our annuity
products, structured settlements and pension risk transfer business.

•

Morbidity
risk – 

represents the risk
arising from actual morbidity (e.g. illness, disability or disease) incidence rate
being higher than expected or the length of the claims extending longer than
expected resulting in a higher overall benefit payout. This risk could arise
from longer-term medical advances in detection and treatment for various
diseases and medical conditions. This risk exists in a number of our product
lines such as group benefits and long-term care businesses – which are in
run-off or no longer being sold.

•

Mortality
risk –

represents the risk of loss arising from
actual mortality rates being higher than expected mortality rates. This
risk could arise from pandemics or other events, including longer-term societal
changes that cause higher-than-expected mortality. This risk exists in a number
of our product lines, but is most significant for our life insurance products.

160

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

•

Policyholder
behavior risk (including full and partial surrender/lapse risk) –

represents the risk that actual policyholder behavior differs from
expected behavior in a manner that has an adverse effect on our operating
results. There are many related assumptions made when products are sold,
including how long the contracts will persist and other assumptions which
impact the expected utilization of contract benefits, options and guarantees.
Actual experience can vary significantly from these assumptions. This risk is
impacted by a number of factors including changes in market conditions,
especially changes in the levels of interest rate and equity markets, tax law,
regulations, competitive landscape and policyholder preferences. This risk
exists in many of our product lines, but most notably within the annuity
portfolio of business.

The
emergence of significant adverse experience compared to the initial assumptions
at policy issuance or updated assumption would require an adjustment to DAC and
benefit reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on our
consolidated results of operations for a particular period. 

For additional discussion of the impact of actual and
expected experience on DAC and benefit reserves see Critical Accounting
Estimates – Future Policy Benefits for Life and Accident and Health Insurance
Contracts and Critical Accounting Estimates – Guaranteed Benefit Features of
Variable Annuity Products. For additional discussion of business risks see
Item 1A. Risk Factors — Business and Operations.

Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging Programs

Our Individual
and Group Retirement businesses offer variable annuity products with guaranteed
living benefit (GLB) riders that guarantee a certain level of lifetime benefits.
GLBs are accounted for as embedded derivatives measured at fair value, with
changes in the fair value recorded in Other realized capital gains (losses). GLB
features subject the Life and Retirement companies to market risk, including
exposure to changes in interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads and market
volatility.

Variable annuity
product design is the first step in managing our exposure to these market risks.
Risk mitigation features of our variable annuity product design include GLB
rider fees indexed to an equity market volatility index, which can provide
additional fee assessments in periods of increased market volatility, required
minimum allocations to fixed accounts to reduce overall equity exposure, and for
some of the variable annuity products, the utilization of volatility control
funds, which reduce equity exposure in the funds in response to changes in
market volatility, even under sudden or extreme market movements.

After reflecting
our product risk-mitigating features, we hedge our remaining economic exposure to
market risk within GLB features through our variable annuity hedging program,
which is designed to offset certain changes in the economic value of these GLB
embedded derivatives, within established thresholds. The hedging program is
designed to provide additional protection against large and combined movements
in interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads and market volatility under
multiple scenarios.

Our hedging
program utilizes an economic hedge target, which represents our estimate of the
underlying economic risks in our GLB riders, based on the present value of the
future expected benefit payments for the GLB, less the present value of future GLB
rider fees, over numerous stochastic scenarios. This stochastic projection
method uses best estimate assumptions for policyholder behavior (including
mortality, lapses, withdrawals and benefit utilization) in conjunction with
market scenarios calibrated to observable equity and interest rate option
prices. Policyholder behaviors are regularly evaluated to compare current
assumptions to actual experience and, if appropriate, changes are made to the
policyholder behavior assumptions. The risk of changes in policyholder behavior
is not explicitly hedged and such differences between expected and actual
policyholder behaviors will result in hedge ineffectiveness.

Due to 

differences between the calculation of the economic hedge
target and U.S. GAAP valuation of the embedded derivative, which include
differences in the treatment of rider fees and exclusion of certain risk
margins and other differences in discount rates, we expect relative movements
in the economic hedge target and the U.S. GAAP embedded derivative valuation
will vary over time with changes in equity markets, interest rates and credit
spreads. 

For
information on the impact on our consolidated pre-tax income from the change in
fair value of the embedded derivatives and the hedging portfolio, as well as
additional discussion of differences between the economic hedge target and the
valuation of the embedded derivatives see Insurance Reserves – Life and Annuity
Reserves and DAC – Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results

.

In designing our
hedging portfolio for our variable annuity hedging program, we make assumptions
and projections about the future performance of the underlying contract holder
funds. To project future account value changes, we make assumptions about how
each of the underlying funds will perform. We map the contract holder funds to
a set of publicly traded indices that we believe best represent the liability
to be hedged. Basis risk exists due to the variance between these assumptions
and actual fund returns, which may result in variances between changes in the
hedging portfolio and changes in the economic hedge target. Net hedge results
and the cost of hedging are also impacted by differences between realized
volatility and implied volatility.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

161

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

For index annuity and universal life products, we have a
hedging program designed to manage the index crediting strategies associated
with index annuity and index life products. This hedging program is designed to
offset the economic risk with respect to the index returns for the current
crediting rate reset period, and utilizes derivative instruments, including but
not limited to equity index options and futures contracts. Similarly as with
the variable annuities, there are differences between the calculation of the
economic hedge target and U.S. GAAP valuation of the index annuity and index
life embedded derivatives, which can lead to variances in their relative
movements.

To
manage the capital market exposures embedded within the economic hedge target,
we identify and hedge market sensitivities to changes in equity markets,
interest rates, volatility and for variable annuities, credit spreads. Each
hedge program purchases derivative instruments or securities having
sensitivities that offset corresponding sensitivities in the associated
economic hedge targets, within internally defined threshold limits. Since the
relative movements of the hedging portfolio and the economic hedge target vary
over time or with market changes, the net exposure can be outside the threshold
limits, and adjustments to the hedging portfolio are made periodically to
return the net exposure to within the threshold limits. 

Our
hedging programs utilize various derivative instruments, including but not
limited to equity options, futures contracts, interest rate swaps and
swaptions, as well as other hedging instruments. In addition, within the
variable annuities hedging program, we purchase certain fixed income securities
and elect the fair value option as a capital efficient way to manage interest
rate and credit spread exposures. To minimize counterparty credit risk the
majority of the derivative instruments utilized within the hedging programs
are  cleared through global exchanges. Over the counter derivatives utilized
within the hedging programs are highly collateralized.

The
hedging programs are monitored on a daily basis to ensure that the economic
hedge targets and the associated derivative portfolios are within the threshold
limits, pursuant to the approved hedging strategy. Daily risk monitoring verifies
that the net risk exposures are within the approved net risk exposure threshold
limits. In addition, monthly stress tests are performed to determine the
program’s effectiveness relative to the applicable limits, under an array of
combined severe market stresses in equity prices, interest rates, volatility
and credit spreads. Finally, hedging strategies are reviewed regularly to gauge
their effectiveness in managing our market exposures in the context of our
overall risk appetite.

Reinsurance Activities

Reinsurance is
used primarily to manage overall capital adequacy and mitigate the insurance
loss (Life and Non-Life) exposure related to certain events such as natural and
man-made catastrophes or death events. Our subsidiaries operate worldwide
primarily by underwriting and accepting risks for their direct account on a
gross basis and reinsuring a portion of the exposure on either an individual
risk or an aggregate basis to the extent those risks exceed the desired
retention level. In addition, as a condition of certain direct underwriting
transactions, we may be required by clients, agents or regulation to cede all
or a portion of risks to specified reinsurance entities, such as captives,
other insurers, local reinsurers and compulsory pools.

Reinsurance markets include:

•

Traditional local and
global reinsurance markets including those in the United States, Bermuda,
London and Europe, accessed directly and through reinsurance intermediaries;

•

Capital markets through
insurance-linked securities and collateralized reinsurance transactions, such
as catastrophe bonds, 

sidecars and similar vehicles; and

•

Other insurers that
engage in both direct and assumed reinsurance.

The form of reinsurance we may choose from time to time will generally
depend on whether we are seeking:

•

proportional reinsurance,
whereby we cede a specified percentage of premiums and losses to reinsurers;

•

non-proportional or
excess of loss reinsurance, whereby we cede all or a specified portion of
losses in excess of a specified amount on a per risk, per occurrence (including
catastrophe reinsurance) or aggregate basis; or

•

facultative contracts
that reinsure individual policies.

We
continually evaluate the relative attractiveness of different forms of
reinsurance contracts and different markets that may be used to achieve our
risk and profitability objectives.

Reinsurance
contracts do not relieve our subsidiaries from their direct obligations to
insureds. However, an effective reinsurance program substantially mitigates our
exposure to potentially significant losses.

In certain
markets, we are required to participate on a proportional basis in reinsurance
pools based on our relative share of direct writings in those markets. Such
mandatory reinsurance generally covers higher-risk consumer exposures such as
assigned-risk automobile and earthquake, as well as certain commercial
exposures such as workers’ compensation.

162

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Reinsurance
Recoverable

AIG’s reinsurance recoverable assets are comprised of:

•

Paid losses recoverable
– balances due from reinsurers for losses and loss adjustment expenses paid by
our subsidiaries and billed, but not yet collected.

•

Ceded loss reserves –
ultimate ceded reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses, including
reserves for claims reported but not yet paid and estimates for IBNR.

•

Ceded reserves for
unearned premiums.

•

Life and Annuity
reinsurance recoverables (ceded policy and claim reserves).

At
December 31, 2018, total reinsurance recoverable assets were $38.2 billion.
These assets include general reinsurance paid losses recoverable of $1.5 billion,
ceded loss reserves of $32.0 billion including reserves for incurred but
not reported (IBNR) claims, and ceded reserves for unearned premiums of
$3.0 billion, as well as life reinsurance recoverable of $1.7 billion.
The methods used to estimate IBNR and to establish the resulting ultimate
losses involve projecting the frequency and severity of losses over multiple
years. These methods are continually reviewed and updated by management. Any
adjustments are reflected in income. We believe that the amount recorded for
ceded loss reserves at December 31, 2018 reflects a reasonable estimate of the
ultimate losses recoverable. Actual losses may, however, differ from the
reserves currently ceded. 

The Reinsurance
Credit Department (RCD) conducts periodic detailed assessments of the financial
strength and condition of current and potential reinsurers, both foreign and
domestic. The RCD monitors both the financial condition of reinsurers as well
as the total reinsurance recoverable ceded to reinsurers, and sets limits with
regard to the amount and type of exposure we are willing to take with
reinsurers. As part of these assessments, we attempt to identify whether a
reinsurer is appropriately licensed, assess its financial capacity and
liquidity, and evaluate the local economic and financial environment in which a
foreign reinsurer operates. The RCD reviews the nature of the risks ceded and
the need for measures, including collateral to mitigate credit risk. For
example, in our treaty reinsurance contracts, we frequently include provisions
that require a reinsurer to post collateral or use other measures to reduce
exposure when a referenced event occurs. Furthermore, we limit our unsecured
exposure to reinsurers through the use of credit triggers such as insurer
financial strength rating downgrades, declines in regulatory capital, or
relevant risk-based capital (RBC) ratios fall below certain levels. We also set
maximum limits for reinsurance recoverable exposure, which in some cases is the
recoverable amount plus an estimate of the maximum potential exposure from
unexpected events for a reinsurer. In addition, credit executives within ERM
review reinsurer exposures and credit limits and approve reinsurer credit
limits above specified levels. Finally, even where we conclude that
uncollateralized credit risk is acceptable, we require collateral from active
reinsurance counterparties where it is necessary for our subsidiaries to
recognize the reinsurance recoverable assets for statutory accounting purposes.
At December 31, 2018, we held $20.2 billion of collateral, in the form of
funds withheld, securities in reinsurance trust accounts and/or irrevocable
letters of credit, in support of reinsurance recoverable assets from
unaffiliated reinsurers. 

The following table presents information for each reinsurer
representing in excess of five percent of our total reinsurance recoverable
assets:

 At December 31, 2018

 A.M.

 Gross

 Percent
 of

 Uncollateralized

 S&P

 Best

 Reinsurance

 Reinsurance

 Collateral

 Reinsurance

 (in millions)

 Rating
(a)

 Rating
(a)

 Assets

 Assets
(b)

 Held
(c)

 Assets

 Reinsurer:

 Berkshire Hathaway Group of Companies

 AA+

 A++

 $

 14,375

 (d)

 37.7

 %

 $

 12,913

 $

 1,462

 Swiss Reinsurance Group of Companies

 AA-

 A+

 $

 4,507

 11.8

 %

 $

 2,285

 $

 2,222

(a)  The
financial strength ratings reflect the ratings of the various reinsurance
subsidiaries of the companies listed as of January 29, 2019.

(b)  Total
reinsurance assets include both Property Casualty and Life and Retirement
reinsurance recoverable.

(c)  Excludes
collateral held in excess of applicable treaty balances. 

(d)  Includes
$13.8 billion recoverable under the 2011 retroactive asbestos reinsurance
transaction and the 2017 Adverse Development Reinsurance agreement. 

At
December 31, 2018, we had no significant reinsurance recoverable due from any
individual reinsurer that was financially troubled. Reinsurer capital levels
continued to increase in 2018, thereby increasing the industry’s underwriting
capacity, which resulted in continued competition and lower rates for 2019
renewals. Reduced profitability associated with lower rates could potentially
result in reduced capacity or rating downgrades for some reinsurers. The RCD,
in conjunction with the credit executives within ERM, reviews these
developments, monitors compliance with credit triggers that may require the
reinsurer to post collateral, and seeks to use other appropriate means to
mitigate any material risks arising from these developments. 

For further
discussion of reinsurance recoverable see Critical Accounting Estimates –
Reinsurance Assets

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

163

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7 | 

Enterprise Risk Management

Other BUSINESS RiskS

Derivative Transactions 

We
utilize derivatives principally to enable us to hedge exposure to interest
rates, currencies, credit, commodities, equities and other risks. Credit risk
associated with derivative counterparties exists for a derivative contract when
that contract has a positive fair value to us. The maximum potential exposure
will increase or decrease during the life of the derivative commitments as a
function of maturity and market conditions. All derivative transactions must be
transacted within counterparty limits that have been approved by ERM.

We evaluate
counterparty credit quality by internal analysis consistent with the AIG Credit
Policy. We utilize various credit enhancements, including letters of credit,
guarantees, collateral, credit triggers, credit derivatives, margin agreements
and subordination to reduce the credit risk relating to outstanding financial
derivative transactions. We require credit enhancements in connection with
specific transactions based on, among other things, the creditworthiness of the
counterparties, and transaction size and maturity. Furthermore, we enter into
certain agreements that have the benefit of set-off and close-out netting
provisions, such as ISDA Master Agreements. These provisions provide that, in
the case of an early termination of a transaction, we can set off receivables
from a counterparty against payables to the same counterparty arising out of
all covered transactions. As a result, where a legally enforceable netting
agreement exists, the fair value of the transaction with the counterparty
represents the net sum of estimated fair values.

The fair value
of our interest rate, currency, credit, commodity and equity swaps, options,
swaptions, and forward commitments, futures, and forward contracts reported as
a component of Other assets, was approximately $0.9 billion at both
December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017. Where applicable, these amounts
have been determined in accordance with the respective master netting
agreements.

The following table presents the fair value of our derivatives
portfolios in asset positions by internal counterparty credit rating:

 At December 31,

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 Rating:

    AAA

 $

 37

 $

 12

    AA

 4

 5

    A

 81

 151

    BBB

 619

 526

    Below investment grade*

 174

 228

 Total

 $

 915

 $

 922

*   Below investment grade includes not
rated.

For
additional discussion related to derivative transactions see Note 11 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

164

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Glossary

Glos
sary

Accident
year 

The annual calendar accounting period in which loss events
occurred, regardless of when the losses are actually reported, booked or paid.

Accident
year combined ratio, as adjusted

  The
combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums,
prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve
discounting. 

Accident
year loss ratio, as adjusted 

 The loss
ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums, prior
year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve
discounting. 

Acquisition
ratio

  Acquisition costs divided by net
premiums earned.  Acquisition costs are those costs incurred to acquire
new and renewal insurance contracts and also include the amortization of VOBA
and DAC. Acquisition costs vary with sales and include, but are not limited to,
commissions, premium taxes, direct marketing costs and certain costs of
personnel engaged in sales support activities such as underwriting. 

Additional
premium 

represents a premium on an
insurance policy over and above the initial premium imposed at the beginning of
the policy. An additional premium may be assessed if the insured’s risk is
found to have increased significantly.

Adjusted
revenues

exclude Net realized capital gains (losses), income from
non-operating litigation settlements (included in Other income for GAAP
purposes) and changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed
living benefits (included in Net investment income for GAAP purposes).

Assets under administration

include
assets under management and Retail Mutual Funds and Group Retirement mutual
fund assets that we sell or administer. 

Assets under management

 include assets in the
general and separate accounts of our subsidiaries that support liabilities and
surplus related to our life and annuity insurance products and the notional
value of stable value wrap contracts.

Base
Spread

Net investment income excluding income from alternative
investments and other enhancements, less interest credited excluding
amortization of sales inducement assets.

Base
Yield

  Net investment income excluding
income from alternative investments and other enhancements, as a percentage of
average base invested asset portfolio, which excludes alternative investments,
other bond securities and certain other investments for which the fair value
option has been elected.

Book
value per common share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI)
and Book value per common share, excluding AOCI and deferred tax assets (DTA)
(Adjusted book value per common share) 

are
non-GAAP measures and are used to show the amount of our net worth on a
per-share basis. 

Book value per common share
excluding AOCI is derived by dividing total AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding
AOCI, by total common shares outstanding. Adjusted book value per common share
is derived by dividing total AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding AOCI and DTA
(Adjusted Shareholders’ Equity), by total common shares outstanding. 

Casualty
insurance

  Insurance that is primarily
associated with the losses caused by injuries to third persons, i.e., not the
insured, and the legal liability imposed on the insured as a result.

Combined
ratio

  Sum of the loss ratio and the
acquisition and general operating expense ratios.

CSA

Credit Support Annex

  A legal document generally
associated with an ISDA Master Agreement that provides for collateral postings
which could vary depending on ratings and threshold levels.

CVA

Credit Valuation Adjustment  

The CVA adjusts the
valuation of derivatives to account for nonperformance risk of our counterparty
with respect to all net derivative assets positions. Also, the CVA reflects the
fair value movement in AIGFP's asset portfolio that is attributable to credit
movements only, without the impact of other market factors such as interest
rates and foreign exchange rates. Finally, the CVA also accounts for our own
credit risk in the fair value measurement of all derivative net liability
positions and liabilities where AIG has elected the fair value option, when
appropriate. 

DAC

Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs

  Deferred costs
that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new
business or renewal of existing business.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

165

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Glossary

DAC Related
to Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of Investments 

An adjustment to DAC
and Reserves for investment-oriented products, equal to the change in DAC and
Unearned Revenue amortization that would have been recorded if fixed maturity
securities available for sale and also, prior to 2018,
equity securities at fair value had been sold at their stated aggregate
fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields.  An adjustment
to benefit reserves for investment-oriented products is also recognized to
reflect the application of the benefit ratio to the accumulated assessments
that would have been recorded if fixed maturity securities available for sale and also, prior to 2018, equity securities
at fair value had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the
proceeds reinvested at current yields (collectively referred to as “shadow
Investment-Oriented Adjustments”).

For
long-duration traditional products, significant unrealized appreciation of
investments in a sustained low interest rate environment may cause additional
future policy benefit liabilities to be recorded (shadow loss reserves).

Deferred
Gain on Retroactive Reinsurance

Retroactive reinsurance is a reinsurance contract in which
an assuming entity agrees to reimburse a ceding entity for liabilities incurred
as a result of past insurable events. If the amount of premium paid by the
ceding reinsurer is less than the related ceded loss reserves, the resulting
gain is deferred and amortized over the settlement period of the reserves. Any
related development on the ceded loss reserves recoverable under the contract
would increase the deferred gain if unfavorable, or decrease the deferred gain
if favorable.

Expense
ratio

  Sum of acquisition expenses and
general operating expenses, divided by net premiums earned.

General
operating expense ratio

  General operating
expenses divided by net premiums earned. General operating expenses are those
costs that are generally attributed to the support infrastructure of the
organization and include but are not limited to personnel costs, projects and
bad debt expenses. General operating expenses exclude losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred, acquisition expenses, and investment expenses.

GIC/GIA

Guaranteed Investment Contract/Guaranteed Investment
Agreement

  A contract whereby the seller provides a guaranteed repayment of
principal and a fixed or floating interest rate for a predetermined period of
time.

IBNR

Incurred But Not Reported

  Estimates of claims
that have been incurred but not reported to us.

ISDA
Master Agreement

  An agreement between two
counterparties, which may have multiple derivative transactions with each other
governed by such agreement, that generally provides for the net settlement of
all or a specified group of these derivative transactions, as well as pledged
collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in the event of a
default on, or affecting any, one derivative transaction or a termination event
affecting all, or a specified group of, derivative transactions.

LAE

Loss Adjustment Expenses

  The expenses directly
attributed to settling and paying claims of insureds and include, but are not
limited to, legal fees, adjuster’s fees and the portion of general expenses
allocated to claim settlement costs. 

Loss
Ratio

  Losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred divided by net premiums earned. 

Loss
reserve development 

 The increase or
decrease in incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses related to prior years

as a result of the
re-estimation of loss reserves at successive valuation dates for a given group
of claims.

Loss
reserves  

Liability for unpaid losses and
loss adjustment expenses. The estimated ultimate cost of settling claims
relating to insured events that have occurred on or before the balance sheet
date, whether or not reported to the insurer at that date.

Loan-to-Value
Ratio

  Principal amount of loan amount
divided by appraised value of collateral securing the loan.

Master
netting agreement

  An agreement between
two counterparties who have multiple derivative contracts with each other that
provides for the net settlement of all contracts covered by such agreement, as
well as pledged collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in
the event of default on or upon termination of any one such contract.

Natural
catastrophe and man-made losses

are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact
on AIG in excess of $10 million each and also include certain man-made events,
such as terrorism and civil disorders that exceed the $10 million threshold.

Net
premiums written

 represent the sales of an
insurer, adjusted for reinsurance premiums assumed and ceded, during a given
period. Net premiums earned are the revenue of an insurer for covering risk
during a given period. Net premiums written are a measure of performance for a
sales period, while Net premiums earned are a measure of performance for a
coverage period.

166

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Glossary

Noncontrolling
interest

 The portion of equity ownership
in a consolidated subsidiary not attributable to the controlling parent
company.

Policy
fees

 An amount added to a policy premium,
or deducted from a policy cash value or contract holder account, to reflect the
cost of issuing a policy, establishing the required records, sending premium
notices and other related expenses.

Pool

 A reinsurance arrangement whereby all of
the underwriting results of the pool members are combined and then shared by
each member in accordance with its pool participation percentage. 

Premiums
and deposits – Life and Retirement

 include
direct and assumed amounts received on traditional life insurance policies and
group benefit policies, and deposits on life-contingent payout annuities, as
well as deposits received on universal life, investment-type annuity contracts,
FHLB funding agreements and mutual funds.

Prior
year development 

See Loss
reserve development

.

RBC

 Risk-Based Capital

  A
formula designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer’s statutory surplus
compared to the risks inherent in its business.

Reinstatement
premiums

 Additional premiums payable to
reinsurers or receivable from insurers to restore coverage limits that have
been reduced or exhausted as a result of reinsured losses under certain excess
of loss reinsurance treaties.

Reinsurance

 The practice whereby one insurer, the reinsurer, in
consideration of a premium paid to that insurer, agrees to indemnify another
insurer, the ceding company, for part or all of the liability of the ceding
company under one or more policies or contracts of insurance which it has
issued.

Retroactive
Reinsurance 

S

ee Deferred Gain on Retroactive Reinsurance

.

Return
on equity – Adjusted after-tax income excluding AOCI and DTA (Adjusted Return
on equity)

is a non-GAAP measure and is used to show the rate of
return on shareholders’ equity. Adjusted Return on equity is derived by
dividing actual or annualized adjusted after-tax income attributable to AIG by
average Adjusted Shareholders’ Equity. 

Return
premium

 represents amounts given back to
the insured in the case of a cancellation, an adjustment to the rate or an
overpayment of an advance premium.

Salvage

The amount that can be recovered by an
insurer for the sale of damaged goods for which a policyholder has been
indemnified (and to which title was transferred).

Severe
losses 

are defined as non-catastrophic
individual first-party losses, surety and trade credit losses greater than $10
million, net of related reinsurance and salvage and subrogation.

SIA

Sales Inducement Asset

  Represents enhanced
crediting rates or bonus payments to contract holders on certain annuity and
investment contract products that meet the criteria to be deferred and
amortized over the life of the contract.

Solvency
II

 Legislation
in the European Union which reforms the insurance industry’s solvency
framework, including minimum capital and solvency requirements, governance
requirements, risk management and public reporting standards.  The Solvency II
Directive (2009/138/EEC) was adopted on November 25, 2009 and became effective
on January 1, 2016.

Subrogation

The
amount of recovery for claims we have paid our policyholders, generally from a
negligent third party or such party’s insurer.

Surrender
charge

  A charge levied against an
investor for the early withdrawal of funds from a life insurance or annuity
contract, or for the cancellation of the agreement. 

Surrender
rate

 represents annualized surrenders and
withdrawals as a percentage of average reserves and Group Retirement mutual
fund assets under administration.

Unearned
premium reserve

Liabilities established by insurers and reinsurers to
reflect unearned premiums, which are usually refundable to policyholders if an
insurance or reinsurance contract is canceled prior to expiration of the
contract term.

VOBA  

Value of Business Acquired

  Present value of
projected future gross profits from in-force policies of acquired businesses.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

167

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Acronyms

Acrony
ms

 A&H

 Accident and Health Insurance

 ISDA

 International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.

 ABS

  Asset-Backed
 Securities

 Moody's

 Moody's Investors’ Service Inc.

 BCFP

  Bureau
 of Consumer Financial Protection

 NAIC

 National Association of Insurance Commissioners

 CDO

  Collateralized
 Debt Obligations

 NM

 Not Meaningful

 CDS

  Credit
 Default Swap

 NYSE

 New York Stock Exchange

 CMA

  Capital
 Maintenance Agreement

 OTC

 Over-the-Counter

 CMBS

  Commercial
 Mortgage-Backed Securities

 OTTI

 Other-Than-Temporary Impairment

 EGPs

  Estimated
 gross profits

 PCAOB

 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)

 FASB

  Financial
 Accounting Standards Board

 RMBS

 Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities

 FRBNY

 Federal Reserve Bank of New York

 S&P

 Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC

 GAAP

  Accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America

 SEC

 Securities and Exchange Commission

 GLB

 Guaranteed Living Benefit

 URR

 Unearned revenue reserve

 GMDB

  Guaranteed
 Minimum Death Benefits

 VIE

 Variable Interest Entity

 GMWB

 Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits

168

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

ITEM 7A | 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk

ITEM 7A | 

Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk

The
information required by this item is set forth in the Enterprise Risk
Management section of Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations and is incorporated herein by
reference.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

169

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Part II

ITEM 8 | 

Fin
ancial Statements and Supplementary Data

American International Group, Inc. 

Reference to Financial Statements and Schedules

 Page

 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS

 Report of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm

 171

 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2018 and 2017

 172

 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended
 December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016

 173

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016

 174

 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended
 December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016

 175 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years
 ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016

 176 

 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements

 NOTE 1.

 Basis of Presentation

 178

 NOTE 2

.

 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

 181

 NOTE 3.

 Segment Information

 187

 NOTE 4.

 Business Combination

 191

 NOTE 5.

 Fair Value Measurements

 193

 NOTE 6.

 Investments

 214

 NOTE 7.

 Lending Activities

 227

 NOTE 8.

 Reinsurance

 230

 NOTE 9.

 Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs

 232

 NOTE 10.

 Variable Interest Entities

 235

 NOTE 11.

 Derivatives and Hedge Accounting

 237

 NOTE 12.

 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

 242

 NOTE 13

.

 Insurance Liabilities

 244

 NOTE 14.

 Variable Life and Annuity Contracts

 283

 NOTE 15.

 Debt

 285

 NOTE 16.

 Contingencies, Commitments and
 Guarantees

 287

 NOTE 17

.

 Equity

 289

 NOTE 18.

 Earnings Per Share

 294

 NOTE 19.

 Statutory Financial Data and
 Restrictions

 295

 NOTE 20.

 Share-Based and Other Compensation
 Plans

 297

 NOTE 21.

 Employee Benefits

 300

 NOTE 22.

 Ownership

 308

 NOTE 23

.

 Income Taxes

 308

 NOTE 24.

 Quarterly Financial Information
 (Unaudited)

 317

 NOTE 25.

 Information Provided in Connection
 With Outstanding Debt

 318

 NOTE 26

 Subsequent Events

 325

 Schedules

 SCHEDULE I

 Summary of Investments — Other than Investments in
 Related Parties at December 31, 2018

 335

 SCHEDULE II

 Condensed Financial Information of Registrant at
 December 31, 2018 and 2017 and for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017
 and 2016

 336

 SCHEDULE III

 Supplementary Insurance Information at December 31,
 2018, 2017 and 2016 and for the years then ended

 340

 SCHEDULE IV

 Reinsurance at December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 and for
 the years then ended

 341

 SCHEDULE V

 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts at December 31, 2018,
 2017 and 2016 and for the years then ended

 342

170

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 

|

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors
and Shareholders of American International Group, Inc.:

Opinions on the Financial
Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of American International Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as
of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the related consolidated statements of
income, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2018, including the related notes
and financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying index
(collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also
have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2018 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions

The Company's management is responsible for these
consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our
responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects.  

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the
consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in
the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial
statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinions.

As described in Management’s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting, management has excluded Validus Holdings, Ltd. and
Glatfelter Insurance Group (the “Acquired Businesses”) from its assessment of
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 because they
were acquired by the Company in purchase business combinations during 2018. We
have also excluded the Acquired Businesses from our audit of internal control
over financial reporting. The Acquired Businesses are wholly-owned subsidiaries
whose total assets and total revenues excluded from management’s assessment and
our audit of internal control over financial reporting collectively represent
approximately 2 percent and 3 percent, respectively, of the related
consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2018.

Definition and Limitations of
Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

New York, New York

February 15, 2019

We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 1980.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

171

TABLE OF
CONTENTS

American International Group, Inc.

Consolidated Balance Sheet

s

 December
 31,

 December
 31,

 (in millions, except for share data)

 2018

 2017

 Assets:

 Investments:

 Fixed maturity securities:

 Bonds available for sale, at fair value (amortized cost: 2018 -
 $225,780; 2017 - $225,461)

 $

 229,391

 $

 238,992

 Other bond securities, at fair value 
(See Note 6)

 11,415

 12,772

 Equity Securities:

 Common and preferred stock available for sale, at fair value
 (cost: 2017 - $1,305)

 -

 1,708

 Other common and preferred stock, at fair value 
(See Note 6)

 1,253

 589

 Mortgage and other loans receivable, net of allowance (portion
 measured at fair value: 2018 - $0; 2017 - $5)

 43,135

 37,023

 Other invested assets (portion measured at fair value: 2018 -
 $5,894; 2017 - $6,248)

 19,341

 20,822

 Short-term investments, including restricted cash of $142 in
 2018 and $58 in 2017

 (portion measured at fair value: 2018 - $3,015; 2017 - $2,615)

 9,674

 10,386

 Total investments

 314,209

 322,292

 Cash

 2,873

 2,362

 Accrued investment income

 2,389

 2,356

 Premiums and other receivables, net of allowance

 11,011

 10,248

 Reinsurance assets, net of allowance

 38,172

 33,024

 Deferred income taxes

 15,221

 14,033

 Deferred policy acquisition costs

 12,694

 10,994

 Other assets, including restricted cash of $343 in 2018 and $317
 in 2017

 (portion measured at fair value: 2018 - $973; 2017 - $922)

 13,568

 10,194

 Separate account assets, at fair value

 81,847

 92,798

 Total assets

 $

 491,984

 $

 498,301

 Liabilities:

 Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses

 $

 83,639

 $

 78,393

 Unearned premiums

 19,248

 19,030

 Future policy benefits for life and accident and health
 insurance contracts

 44,935

 45,432

 Policyholder contract deposits (portion measured at fair value:
 2018 - $4,116; 2017 - $4,150)

 142,262

 135,602

 Other policyholder funds

 3,568

 3,648

 Other liabilities (portion measured at fair value: 2018 -
 $1,265; 2017 - $1,124)

 24,636

 26,050

 Long-term debt (portion measured at fair value: 2018 - $2,213;
 2017 - $2,888)

 34,540

 31,640

 Separate account liabilities

 81,847

 92,798

 Total liabilities

 434,675

 432,593

 Contingencies, commitments and guarantees 

(See Note 16)

 AIG shareholders’ equity:

 Common stock, $2.50 par value; 5,000,000,000 shares authorized;
 shares issued: 2018 - 1,906,671,492 and

 2017 - 1,906,671,492

 4,766

 4,766

 Treasury stock, at cost; 2018 - 1,040,062,063 shares; 2017 -
 1,007,626,835 shares of common stock

 (49,144)

 (47,595)

 Additional paid-in capital

 81,268

 81,078

 Retained earnings

 20,884

 21,457

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

 (1,413)

 5,465

 Total AIG shareholders’ equity

 56,361

 65,171

 Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests

 948

 537

 Total equity

 57,309

 65,708

 Total liabilities and equity

 $

 491,984

 $

 498,301

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

172

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

TABLE OF
CONTENTS

American International Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of I

ncome

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 (dollars in millions, except per share data)

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Revenues:

    Premiums

 $

 30,614

 $

 31,374

 $

 34,393

    Policy fees

 2,791

 2,935

 2,732

    Net investment income

 12,476

 14,179

 14,065

 Net realized capital losses:

 Total other-than-temporary impairments on available for sale
 securities

 (190)

 (196)

 (458)

 Portion of other-than-temporary impairments on available for
 sale

 fixed maturity securities recognized in Other comprehensive income
 (loss)

 (61)

 (31)

 (29)

 Net other-than-temporary impairments on available for sale

 securities recognized in net income (loss)

 (251)

 (227)

 (487)

 Other realized capital gains (losses)

 121

 (1,153)

 (1,457)

 Total net realized capital losses

 (130)

 (1,380)

 (1,944)

    Other income 

 1,638

 2,412

 3,121

 Total revenues

 47,389

 49,520

 52,367

 Benefits, losses and expenses:

    Policyholder benefits and losses incurred

 27,412

 29,972

 32,437

    Interest credited to policyholder account balances

 3,754

 3,592

 3,705

    Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs

 5,386

 4,288

 4,521

 General operating and other expenses

 9,302

 9,107

 10,989

    Interest expense

 1,309

 1,168

 1,260

 (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt 

 7

 (5)

 74

 Net gain on sale of divested businesses

 (38)

 (68)

 (545)

 Total benefits, losses and expenses

 47,132

 48,054

 52,441

 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax
 expense

 257

 1,466

 (74)

 Income tax expense:

    Current

 336

 636

 576

    Deferred

 (182)

 6,890

 (391)

 Income tax expense

 154

 7,526

 185

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

 103

 (6,060)

 (259)

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income tax
 expense

 (42)

 4

 (90)

 Net income (loss)

 61

 (6,056)

 (349)

 Less:

 Net income from continuing operations attributable to

 noncontrolling interests

 67

 28

 500

 Net loss attributable to AIG

 $

 (6)

 $

 (6,084)

 $

 (849)

 Income (loss) per common share attributable to AIG:

    Basic:

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

 $

 0.04

 $

 (6.54)

 $

 (0.70)

 Loss from discontinued operations

 $

 (0.05)

 $

 -

 $

 (0.08)

 Net loss attributable to AIG

 $

 (0.01)

 $

 (6.54)

 $

 (0.78)

    Diluted:

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

 $

 0.04

 $

 (6.54)

 $

 (0.70)

 Loss from discontinued operations

 $

 (0.05)

 $

 -

 $

 (0.08)

 Net loss attributable to AIG

 $

 (0.01)

 $

 (6.54)

 $

 (0.78)

 Weighted average shares outstanding:

    Basic

 898,405,537

 930,561,286

 1,091,085,131

    Diluted

 910,141,242

 930,561,286

 1,091,085,131

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

173

TABLE OF
CONTENTS

American International Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income (Loss)

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Net income (loss)

 $

 61

 $

 (6,056)

 $

 (349)

 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

    Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of fixed
 maturity securities on 

       which other-than-temporary credit impairments were taken

 (1,000)

 367

 (270)

    Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of all other
 investments

 (4,975)

 1,288

 839

    Change in foreign currency translation adjustments

 (349)

 539

 250

    Change in retirement plan liabilities adjustment

 28

 41

 (126)

    Change in fair value of liabilities under fair value option
 attributable to changes in own credit risk

 3

 -

 -

 Other comprehensive income (loss)

 (6,293)

 2,235

 693

 Comprehensive income (loss)

 (6,232)

 (3,821)

 344

 Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests

 76

 28

 500

 Comprehensive loss attributable to AIG

 $

 (6,308)

 $

 (3,849)

 $

 (156)

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

174

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

TABLE OF
CONTENTS

American International Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Equity

 Non-

 Accumulated

 Total
 AIG

 redeemable

 Additional

 Other

 Share-

 Non-

 Common

 Treasury

 Paid-in

 Retained

 Comprehensive

 holders'

 controlling

 Total

 (in millions) 

 Stock

 Stock

 Capital

 Earnings

 Income
 (Loss)

 Equity

 Interests

 Equity

 Balance, January 1, 2016

 $

 4,766

 $

 (30,098)

 $

 81,510

 $

 30,943

 $

 2,537

 $

 89,658

 $

 552

 $

 90,210

 Common stock issued under stock plans

 -

 86

 (175)

 -

 -

 (89)

 -

 (89)

 Purchase of common stock

 -

 (11,460)

 -

 -

 -

 (11,460)

 -

 (11,460)

 Net income (loss) attributable to AIG or other

    noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 (849)

 -

 (849)

 500

 (349)

 Dividends

 -

 -

 -

 (1,372)

 -

 (1,372)

 -

 (1,372)

 Other comprehensive income (loss)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 693

 693

 -

 693

 Current and deferred income taxes

 -

 -

 (208)

 -

 -

 (208)

 -

 (208)

 Net increase due to acquisitions and consolidations

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 43

 43

 Contributions from noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 22

 22

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (570)

 (570)

 Other

 -

 1

 (63)

 (11)

 -

 (73)

 11

 (62)

 Balance, December 31, 2016

 $

 4,766

 $

 (41,471)

 $

 81,064

 $

 28,711

 $

 3,230

 $

 76,300

 $

 558

 $

 76,858

 Common stock issued under stock plans

 -

 147

 (325)

 -

 -

 (178)

 -

 (178)

 Purchase of common stock

 -

 (6,275)

 -

 -

 -

 (6,275)

 -

 (6,275)

 Net income (loss) attributable to AIG or other

    noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 (6,084)

 -

 (6,084)

 28

 (6,056)

 Dividends

 -

 -

 -

 (1,172)

 -

 (1,172)

 -

 (1,172)

 Other comprehensive income (loss)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 2,235

 2,235

 -

 2,235

 Current and deferred income taxes

 -

 -

 (4)

 -

 -

 (4)

 -

 (4)

 Net increase due to acquisitions and consolidations

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 101

 101

 Contributions from noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 42

 42

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (193)

 (193)

 Other

 -

 4

 343

 2

 -

 349

 1

 350

 Balance, December 31, 2017

 $

 4,766

 $

 (47,595)

 $

 81,078

 $

 21,457

 $

 5,465

 $

 65,171

 $

 537

 $

 65,708

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting

 principle, net of tax

 -

 -

 -

 568

 (576)

 (8)

 -

 (8)

 Common stock issued under stock plans

 -

 189

 (344)

 -

 -

 (155)

 -

 (155)

 Purchase of common stock

 -

 (1,739)

 -

 -

 -

 (1,739)

 -

 (1,739)

 Net income (loss) attributable to AIG or

    noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 (6)

 -

 (6)

 67

 61

 Dividends

 -

 -

 -

 (1,138)

 -

 (1,138)

 -

 (1,138)

 Other comprehensive income (loss)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (6,302)

 (6,302)

 9

 (6,293)

 Current and deferred income taxes

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Net increase due to acquisitions and consolidations

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 63

 63

 Contributions from noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 373

 373

 Distributions to noncontrolling interests

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (96)

 (96)

 Other

 -

 1

 534

 3

 -

 538

 (5)

 533

 Balance, December 31, 2018

 $

 4,766

 $

 (49,144)

 $

 81,268

 $

 20,884

 $

 (1,413)

 $

 56,361

 $

 948

 $

 57,309

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

175

TABLE OF
CONTENTS

American International Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Cash flows from operating activities:

    Net income (loss)

 $

 61

 $

 (6,056)

 $

 (349)

    (Income) loss from discontinued operations

 42

 (4)

 90

    Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash
 provided by (used in) operating activities:

    Noncash revenues, expenses, gains and losses included in
 income (loss):

       Net (gains) losses on sales of securities available for
 sale and other assets

 98

 (431)

 (2,033)

       Net gain on sale of divested businesses

 (38)

 (68)

 (545)

       (Gains) losses on extinguishment of debt

 7

 (5)

 74

       Unrealized losses in earnings – net

 443

 79

 1,465

       Equity in loss from equity method investments, net of
 dividends or distributions

 363

 350

 1,053

       Depreciation and other amortization

 5,362

 3,874

 4,090

       Impairments of assets

 425

 685

 1,116

    Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

       Insurance reserves

 1,065

 2,637

 5,325

       Premiums and other receivables and payables – net

 887

 410

 536

       Reinsurance assets and funds held under reinsurance
 treaties

 (3,289)

 (10,870)

 (1,804)

       Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs

 (5,832)

 (4,819)

 (5,216)

       Current and deferred income taxes – net

 -

 6,981

 (308)

       Other, net

 467

 (581)

 8

       Total adjustments

 (42)

 (1,758)

 3,761

 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

 61

 (7,818)

 3,502

 Cash flows from investing activities:

 Proceeds from (payments for)

    Sales or distributions of:

       Available for sale securities

 25,143

 31,082

 30,103

       Other securities

 3,755

 3,792

 4,164

       Other invested assets 

 4,365

 6,913

 8,447

       Divested businesses, net

 10

 792

 2,809

    Maturities of fixed maturity securities available for sale 

 24,777

 29,011

 25,749

    Principal payments received on and sales of mortgage and
 other loans receivable

 4,272

 5,742

 6,074

    Purchases of:

       Available for sale securities

 (44,109)

 (49,856)

 (54,978)

       Other securities

 (1,318)

 (1,147)

 (935)

       Other invested assets

 (2,839)

 (2,874)

 (3,421)

       Mortgage and other loans receivable

 (10,286)

 (9,369)

 (10,651)

 Acquisition of businesses, net of cash and restricted cash
 acquired

 (5,717)

 -

 -

    Net change in short-term investments

 1,524

 2,098

 (3,089)

    Other, net

 200

 (2,143)

 (1,020)

 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

 (223)

 14,041

 3,252

 Cash flows from financing activities:

 Proceeds from (payments for)

    Policyholder contract deposits

 24,178

 17,908

 18,100

    Policyholder contract withdrawals

 (17,999)

 (15,785)

 (14,041)

    Issuance of long-term debt

 4,734

 3,356

 5,954

    Repayments of long-term debt

 (3,672)

 (3,698)

 (4,082)

    Purchase of common stock

 (1,739)

 (6,275)

 (11,460)

    Dividends paid

 (1,138)

 (1,172)

 (1,372)

    Other, net

 (3,570)

 (31)

 68

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

 794

 (5,697)

 (6,833)

 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and restricted cash

 (11)

 (29)

 55

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash

 621

 497

 (24)

 Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year

 2,737

 2,107

 2,238

 Change in cash of businesses held for sale

 -

 133

 (107)

 Cash and restricted cash at end of year

 $

 3,358

 $

 2,737

 $

 2,107

176

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

TABLE OF
CONTENTS

American International Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(continued)

 Supplementary Disclosure of Consolidated Cash Flow Information

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Cash

 $

 2,873

 $

 2,362

 $

 1,868

 Restricted cash included in Short-term investments*

 142

 58

 46

 Restricted cash included in Other assets*

 343

 317

 193

 Total cash and restricted cash shown in the Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows

 $

 3,358

 $

 2,737

 $

 2,107

 Cash paid during the period for:

    Interest

 $

 1,312

 $

 1,282

 $

 1,331

    Taxes

 $

 154

 $

 544

 $

 493

 Non-cash investing/financing activities:

    Interest credited to policyholder contract deposits included
 in financing activities

 $

 3,392

 $

 3,309

 $

 3,430

    Non-cash consideration received from sale of United Guaranty

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 1,101

*    Includes funds held for tax sharing
payments to AIG Parent, security deposits, replacement reserve deposits related
to our affordable housing investments, and security deposits for certain leased
aircraft and escrow funds related to our investment in Castle Holdings LLC’s
aircraft assets, which was sold in 2018

. 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

177

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

No

tes to Consolidated Financial Statements |

1. Basis of Presentation

1. Basis of
Presentation

American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading
global insurance organization serving customers in more than 

80 

countries and
jurisdictions. AIG companies serve commercial and individual customers through
one of the most extensive worldwide property‑casualty networks of any
insurer. In addition, AIG companies are leading providers of life insurance and
retirement services in the United States. AIG Common Stock, par value 

$2.50 

per share (AIG
Common Stock), is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: AIG). 

On December 3, 2018, AIG’s Common Stock was voluntarily delisted
from the Tokyo Stock Exchange. 

Unless the
context indicates otherwise, the terms “AIG,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean American
International Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries and the term
“AIG Parent” means American International Group, Inc. and not any of its
consolidated subsidiaries.

The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of AIG Parent, our controlled
subsidiaries (generally through a greater than 50 percent ownership of
voting rights and voting interests), and variable interest entities (VIEs) of
which we are the primary beneficiary. Equity investments in entities that we do
not consolidate, including corporate entities in which we have significant
influence and partnership and partnership-like entities in which we have more
than minor influence over the operating and financial policies, are accounted
for under the equity method unless we have elected the fair value option.

Certain of our
foreign subsidiaries included in the Consolidated Financial Statements report
on fiscal-period ending November 30. The effect on our consolidated financial
condition and results of operations of all material events occurring at these
subsidiaries through the date of each of the periods presented in these
Consolidated Financial Statements has been considered for adjustment and/or
disclosure. 

The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). All
material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

Acquisition of Businesses

Validus

On July 18,
2018, we completed the purchase of Validus Holdings, Ltd. (Validus), a leading provider
of reinsurance, primary insurance, and asset management services, for $5.5
billion in cash. The results of Validus following the date of the acquisition
are included in our General Insurance segment starting in the third quarter of
2018. Our North America results include the results of Validus Reinsurance,
Ltd. and Western World Insurance Group, Inc., while our International results
include the results of Talbot Holdings Ltd.

For
additional information relating to the acquisition of Validus, see Note 4. 

Glatfelter

On November 6,
2018 AIG completed the purchase of Glatfelter Insurance Group, a full-service
broker and insurance company providing services for specialty programs and
retail operations. 

Ellipse

On December 31,
2018, AIG Life Ltd., a U.K. AIG Life and Retirement company, completed the
acquisition of Ellipse, a specialist provider of group life risk protection in
the U.K.

Sales of Businesses

Sale of Certain Insurance Subsidiary Operations to Fairfax

On
October 18, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell certain insurance
operations to Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (Fairfax). The agreement
included the sale of our subsidiary operations in Argentina, Chile, Colombia,
Uruguay, Venezuela and Turkey. Fairfax acquired renewal rights for the
portfolios of local business written by our operations in Bulgaria, the Czech
Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania and Slovakia, and assume certain of our
operating assets and employees. Substantially all of the operations and renewal
rights that we agreed to sell to Fairfax were sold by December 31, 2017.

178

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

No

tes to Consolidated Financial Statements |

1. Basis of Presentation

AIG Fuji Life Insurance 

On
November 14, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell Fuji Life to FWD Group,
the insurance arm of Pacific Century Group. Total cash consideration to us was
approximately $333 million. The transaction closed on April 30, 2017. 

United Guaranty

On
December 31, 2016, we sold our 100 percent interest in United Guaranty Corporation
(United Guaranty) and certain related affiliates to Arch Capital Group Ltd.
(Arch) for total consideration of $3.3 billion, consisting of $2.2 billion of
cash and approximately $1.1 billion of newly issued Arch convertible non-voting
common-equivalent preferred stock 

and reported a pre-tax gain of approximately $697 million

. We also received $261 million in pre-closing dividends
from United Guaranty in the fourth quarter of 2016. However, due to pending
regulatory approvals, United Guaranty Asia was not included in the December 31,
2016 closing and $40 million of cash consideration was retained by Arch. The
sale of United Guaranty Asia was completed on July 1, 2017 and we received the
$40 million cash proceeds. In the first quarter of 2018, we sold our remaining
interest in Arch, which we received as part of the consideration for selling
United Guaranty to Arch in 2016.

Concurrent
with the closing, we entered into reinsurance agreements with Arch, including
an amended and restated 50 percent quota share reinsurance agreement and an
aggregate excess of loss reinsurance agreement, pursuant to which we will
continue to be exposed to certain United Guaranty policies written between 2009
and 2016.

Ascot

On
September 16, 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell our 20 percent
interest in Ascot Underwriting Holdings Ltd. and our 100 percent interest in
the related syndicate-funding subsidiary Ascot Corporate Name Ltd. to Canada
Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB). Total consideration for the transaction
was $1.1 billion resulting in a pre-tax gain of approximately $162 million
attributable to AIG’s controlling interest, inclusive of CPPIB’s recapitalization
of Syndicate 1414’s Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) capital requirements. The
transaction closed on November 18, 2016, and we received approximately $244
million in net cash proceeds.

Korea Fund

On
November 17, 2016, an AIG sponsored Fund (the Korea Fund), completed the sale
of mixed-use commercial complex in Seoul, South Korea commonly known as the
Seoul International Finance Center to Brookfield Properties for a total
consideration of $2.5 billion

, 
of which $1.2 billion was used to
repay the fund’s debt. 
The sale resulted in a 
pr
e-
ta
x g
a
in 
 ☐ 
f

$1.
1 
b
i
ll
i
 ☐ 
n 

incl
u
de
d
in
 Othe
r 
Income, of which $464 million was attributable to AIG’s controlling
interest
.   

NSM

On August 31, 2016, we sold our controlling interest in NSM
Insurance Group LLC (NSM), a managing general agent to ABRY Partners, a private
equity firm, for consideration of $201 million resulting in a pre-tax gain of
approximately $105 million in the third quarter of 2016. We retained an equity
interest in a newly formed joint venture, which we subsequently sold on May 11,
2018 to White Mountains Catskill Holdings, Inc. We will continue to provide
underwriting capacity to NSM.

Non-controlling interest in Fortitude

On
November 13, 2018, we completed the sale of a 19.9 percent ownership interest
in Fortitude Holdings to TCG, an affiliate of The Carlyle Group L.P. (Carlyle). 
Fortitude Holdings owns 100 percent of the outstanding common shares of
Fortitude Re and AIG has an 80.1 percent ownership interest in Fortitude
Holdings. We received $381 million in cash and will receive up to $95 million
of deferred compensation which is subject to certain purchase price
adjustments. To the extent we do not receive all or a portion of the planned distributions
within 18 months of the Fortitude Re Closing, TCG will pay us up to an
additional $100 million.

 In connection with
the sale, we agreed to certain investment commitment targets into various
Carlyle strategies and to certain minimum investment management fee payments
within thirty-six months following the closing. We also will be required to pay
a proportionate amount of an agreed make-whole fee to the extent we fail to
satisfy such investment commitment targets.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

179

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

No

tes to Consolidated Financial Statements |

1. Basis of Presentation

Use of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the
application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of
judgment. Accounting policies that we believe are most dependent on the
application of estimates and assumptions are considered our critical accounting
estimates and are related to the determination of:

•

liability for unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses (loss reserves);

•

reinsurance assets;

•

valuation of future policy benefit
liabilities and timing and extent of loss recognition;

•

valuation of liabilities for guaranteed
benefit features of variable annuity products;

•

valuation of embedded derivatives for
fixed index annuity and life products;

•

estimated gross profits to value
deferred policy acquisition costs for investment-oriented products;

•

impairment charges, including
other-than-temporary impairments on available for sale securities, impairments
on other invested assets, including investments in life settlements, and
goodwill impairment;

•

allowances for loan losses;

•

liability for legal contingencies; 

•

fair value measurements of certain
financial assets and liabilities; and

•

income tax assets and liabilities,
including recoverability of our net deferred tax asset and the predictability
of future tax operating profitability of the character necessary to realize the
net deferred tax asset and estimates associated with the Tax Act.

These
accounting estimates require the use of assumptions about matters, some of
which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. To the extent actual
experience differs from the assumptions used, our consolidated financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially affected.  

Out of Period Adjustments

For
the year ended December 31, 2018, our results include out of period adjustments
relating to prior periods that decreased net income attributable to AIG by $77
million, and decreased Income from continuing operations before income taxes by
$98 million. The out of period adjustments are primarily related to decreases
in deferred policy acquisition costs and increases in policyholder contract
deposits. We determined that these adjustments were not material to the current
year or to any previously reported annual financial statements. Had these
adjustments been recorded in their appropriate periods, Net income attributable
to AIG for the years ended December 31, 2017, and December 31, 2016 would have
increased by $95 million, and by $117 million, respectively.   

For
the year ended December 31, 2016, we recorded out of period adjustments
relating to prior years that increased Net loss attributable to AIG by $174
million and increased Loss from continuing operations before income taxes by
$57 million.  The out of period adjustments are primarily related to
income tax liabilities and ceded loss adjustment expenses. 

180

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |

2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies

2. Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies

The
following table identifies our significant accounting policies presented in
other Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements, with a reference to the
Note where a detailed description can be found:

Note 6.  

Investments

•

Fixed maturity and equity securities

•

Other invested assets

•

Short-term investments

•

Net investment income

•

Net realized capital gains (losses)

•

Other-than-temporary impairments

Note 7.  

Lending Activities

•

Mortgage and other loans receivable –
net of allowance

Note 8.  

Reinsurance

•

Reinsurance assets – net of allowance

•

Retroactive reinsurance

Note 9.  

Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs

•

Deferred policy acquisition costs

•

Amortization of deferred policy
acquisition costs

Note 10.  

Variable Interest Entities

Note 11.  

Derivatives and Hedge Accounting

•

Derivative assets and liabilities, at
fair value

Note 12.  

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Note 13.  

Insurance Liabilities

•

Liability for unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses

•

Discounting of reserves

•

Future policy benefits

•

Policyholder contract deposits

•

Other policyholder funds

Note 14.  

Variable Life and Annuity

Contracts

Note 15.  

Debt

•

Long-term debt

Note 16.  

Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees

•

Legal contingencies

Note 18.  

Earnings Per Share

Note 23.  

Income Taxes

Other significant accounting policies

Premiums

 for short-duration contracts are recorded as written on the
inception date of the policy. Premiums are earned primarily on a pro rata basis
over the term of the related coverage. Sales of extended services contracts are
reflected as premiums written and earned on a pro rata basis over the term of
the related coverage.  In addition, certain miscellaneous income is included as
premiums written and earned. The reserve for unearned premiums includes the
portion of premiums written relating to the unexpired terms of coverage.
Reinsurance premiums are typically earned over the same period as the underlying
policies or risks covered by the contract.   As a result, the earnings pattern
of a reinsurance contract may extend up to 24 months, reflecting the inception
dates of the underlying policies throughout the year.

Reinsurance
premiums ceded under prospective reinsurance agreements are recognized as a
reduction in revenues over the period the reinsurance coverage is provided in
proportion to the risks to which the premiums relate.

Reinsurance premiums for assumed business are
estimated based on information received from brokers, ceding companies and
reinsureds. Any subsequent differences that arise regarding such estimates are
recorded in the periods in which they are determined.

Premiums
for long-duration insurance products and life contingent annuities are
recognized as revenues when due. Estimates for premiums due but not yet
collected are accrued. 

Policy fees

represent fees recognized from universal life and investment-type products
consisting of policy charges for the cost of insurance, policy administration
charges, surrender charges and amortization of unearned revenue reserves.
Policy fees are recognized as revenues in the period in which they are assessed
against policyholders, unless the fees are designed to compensate AIG for
services to be provided in the future.  Fees deferred as unearned revenue
are amortized in relation to the incidence of expected gross profits to be
realized over the estimated lives of the contracts, similar to DAC.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |

2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies

Other income

 includes advisory fee income from the Life
and Retirement broker dealer business, as well as legal recoveries of $11
million, $27 million and $44 million from legacy crisis and other matters in
2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Other
income from our Other Operations category consists of the following:

·

Changes in fair value
relating to financial assets and liabilities for which the fair value option has
been elected.

·

Interest income and
related expenses, including amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts
on bonds with changes in the timing and the amount of expected principal and
interest cash flows reflected in the yield, as applicable.

·

Dividend income from
common and preferred stock and earnings distributions from other investments.

·

Changes in the fair
value of other securities sold but not yet purchased, futures, hybrid financial
instruments, securities purchased under agreements to resell, and securities
sold under agreements to repurchase.

·

Income earned on real
estate based investments and related realized gains and losses from sales,
property level impairments and financing costs.

·

Exchange gains and
losses resulting from foreign currency transactions.

·

Earnings from private
equity funds and hedge fund investments accounted for under the equity method.

·

Changes in the fair
value of derivatives at AIG Financial Products Corp. and related subsidiaries
(collectively AIGFP).

Cash

 represents cash on hand and non-interest-bearing demand deposits.

Short-term investments

 consist of interest‑bearing cash
equivalents, time deposits, securities purchased under agreements to resell,
and investments, such as commercial paper, with original maturities within one
year from the date of purchase.

Premiums and other receivables – net of
allowance

 include premium
balances receivable, amounts due from agents and brokers and policyholders,
trade receivables for the Direct Investment book (DIB) and Global Capital
Markets (GCM) and other receivables. Trade receivables for GCM include cash
collateral posted to derivative counterparties that is not eligible to be
netted against derivative liabilities. The allowance for doubtful accounts on
premiums and other receivables was $216 million and $236 million at
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

Other assets

 consist of sales inducement assets, prepaid expenses,
deposits, other deferred charges, real estate, other fixed assets, capitalized
software costs, goodwill, intangible assets other than goodwill, restricted
cash and derivative assets.

We offer
sales inducements which include enhanced crediting rates or bonus payments to
contract holders (bonus interest) on certain annuity and investment contract
products. Sales inducements provided to the contract holder are recognized in
Policyholder contract deposits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Such amounts
are deferred and amortized over the life of the contract using the same
methodology and assumptions used to amortize DAC 
(see Note 9 herein)

. To
qualify for such accounting treatment, the bonus interest must be explicitly
identified in the contract at inception. We must also demonstrate that such
amounts are incremental to amounts we credit on similar contracts without bonus
interest, and are higher than the contract’s expected ongoing crediting rates
for periods after the bonus period. The deferred bonus interest and other
deferred sales inducement assets totaled $752 million and
$738 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The amortization
expense associated with these assets is reported within Interest credited to
policyholder account balances in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Such
amortization expense totaled $156 million, $94 million and
$77 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016,
respectively.

The cost
of buildings and furniture and equipment is depreciated principally on the
straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives (maximum of 40 years for
buildings and 10 years for furniture and equipment). Expenditures for
maintenance and repairs are charged to income as incurred and expenditures for
improvements are capitalized and depreciated. We periodically assess the
carrying amount of our real estate for purposes of determining any asset
impairment. Capitalized software costs, which represent costs directly related
to obtaining, developing or upgrading internal use software, are capitalized
and amortized using the straight-line method over a period generally not
exceeding five years. 

Separate accounts 

represent
funds for which investment income and investment gains and losses accrue
directly to the policyholders who bear the investment risk. Each account has
specific investment objectives and the assets are carried at fair value. The
assets of each account are legally segregated and are not subject to claims
that arise from any of our other businesses. The liabilities for these accounts
are equal to the account assets. Separate accounts may also include deposits
for funds held under stable value wrap funding agreements, although the
majority of stable value wrap sales are measured based on the notional amount
included in assets under management and do not include the receipt of funds. 
For
a more detailed discussion of separate accounts see Note 14 herein

. 

182

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |

2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies

Other liabilities

 consist of other funds on deposit, other payables,
securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities sold but not yet
purchased, derivative liabilities and deferred gains on retroactive reinsurance
agreements. We have entered into certain insurance and reinsurance contracts,
primarily in our General Insurance companies, that do not contain sufficient
insurance risk to be accounted for as insurance or reinsurance. Accordingly,
the premiums received on such contracts, after deduction for certain related
expenses, are recorded as deposits within Other liabilities in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. Net proceeds of these deposits are invested and generate Net
investment income. As amounts are paid, consistent with the underlying
contracts, the deposit liability is reduced. Also included in Other liabilities
are trade payables for the DIB and GCM, which include option premiums received
and payables to counterparties that relate to unrealized gains and losses on
futures, forwards, and options and balances due to clearing brokers and
exchanges. Trade payables for GCM also include cash collateral received from
derivative counterparties that contractually cannot be netted against
derivative assets.

Securities sold
but not yet purchased represent sales of securities not owned at the time of
sale. The obligations arising from such transactions are recorded on a
trade-date basis and carried at fair value. Fair values of securities sold but
not yet purchased are based on current market prices.  

Foreign currency:

  Financial
statement accounts expressed in foreign currencies are translated into
U.S. dollars. Functional currency assets and liabilities are translated
into U.S. dollars generally using rates of exchange prevailing at the
balance sheet date of each respective subsidiary and the related translation
adjustments are recorded as a separate component of Accumulated other
comprehensive income, net of any related taxes, in Total AIG shareholders’
equity. Income statement accounts expressed in functional currencies are
translated using average exchange rates during the period. Functional
currencies are generally the currencies of the local operating environment.
Financial statement accounts expressed in currencies other than the functional
currency of a consolidated entity are remeasured into that entity’s functional
currency resulting in exchange gains or losses recorded in income. The
adjustments resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign
entities operating in highly inflationary economies are recorded in income. 

Non-redeemable noncontrolling interest

 is the portion of equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not
attributable, directly or indirectly, to a parent.

Accounting Standards Adopted During 2018

Revenue Recognition

In May 2014, the
FASB issued an accounting standard that supersedes most existing revenue
recognition guidance. The standard excludes from its scope the accounting for
insurance contracts, leases, financial instruments, and certain other
agreements that are governed under other GAAP guidance, but could affect the
revenue recognition for certain of our other activities.

We adopted the
standard using the modified retrospective approach on its required effective
date of January 1, 2018.  Our analysis of revenues indicated that substantially
all of our revenues were from sources excluded from the scope of the standard. 
For those revenue sources within the scope of the standard, there were no
material changes in the timing or measurement of revenues based upon the
guidance.  As substantially all of our revenue sources were excluded from the
scope of the standard, the adoption of the standard did not have a material
impact on our reported consolidated financial condition, results of operations,
cash flows or required disclosures.

Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities

In January 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that requires equity investments that do
not follow the equity method of accounting or are not subject to consolidation
to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings,
while financial liabilities for which fair value option accounting has been
elected, changes in fair value due to instrument-specific credit risk are
presented separately in other comprehensive income. The standard allows the
election to record equity investments without readily determinable fair values
at cost, less impairment, adjusted for subsequent observable price changes with
changes in the carrying value of the equity investments recorded in earnings.
The standard also updates certain fair value disclosure requirements for
financial instruments carried at amortized cost.

We adopted the
standard on its effective date of January 1, 2018 using the modified
retrospective approach. The impact of the adoption is primarily related to
the reclassification of unrealized gains of equity securities resulting in a
net decrease to beginning Accumulated other comprehensive income and a corresponding
net increase to beginning Retained earnings of $824 million.    

Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments

In August 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that addresses diversity in how certain
cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement
of cash flows. The amendments provide clarity on the treatment of eight
specifically defined types of cash inflows and outflows. 

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

183

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |

2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies

We adopted the standard retrospectively on its effective
date of January 1, 2018. The standard addresses presentation in the statement
of cash flows only and did not have a material impact on our reported
consolidated financial condition, results of operations or required
disclosures.   

Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other than Inventory

In October 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that requires an entity to recognize the
income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than
inventory when the transfer occurs, rather than when the asset is sold to a
third party. 

We adopted the
standard on its effective date of January 1, 2018 using a modified
retrospective approach.  The adoption of this standard did not have a material
impact on our reported consolidated financial condition, results of operations,
cash flows or required disclosures. 

Restricted Cash

In November
2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard that provides guidance on the
presentation of restricted cash in the Statement of Cash Flows.  Entities
are required to explain the changes during a reporting period in the total of
cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or
restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows.  

We adopted the
standard retrospectively on its effective date of January 1, 2018. The standard
addresses presentation of restricted cash in the Consolidated Statement of Cash
Flows only and had no impact on our reported consolidated financial condition,
results of operations or required disclosures.

Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets

In February
2017, the FASB issued an accounting standard that clarifies the scope of the
derecognition guidance for the sale, transfer and derecognition of
non-financial assets to noncustomers that aligns with the new revenue
recognition principles.  The standard also adds new accounting for partial
sales of nonfinancial assets (including real estate) that requires an entity to
derecognize a nonfinancial asset when it 1) ceases to have a controlling
financial interest in the legal entity that holds the asset based on the
consolidation model and 2) transfers control of the asset based on the revenue
recognition model.

We adopted this
standard on its effective date of January 1, 2018 using the modified
retrospective approach. Based on our evaluation, the adoption of this standard
did not have a material impact on our reported consolidated financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows or required disclosures.

Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension and Postretirement
Benefit Cost

In March 2017,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that requires entities to report the
service cost component of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs
in the same line item as other compensation costs arising from services
rendered by the pertinent employees during the period. The other components of
net periodic benefit costs are required to be separately presented in the
income statement. The amendments also allow only the service cost component to
be eligible for capitalization when applicable. 

We adopted this
standard on its effective date of January 1, 2018. The standard primarily
addresses the presentation of the service cost component of net periodic
benefit costs in the income statement. AIG’s U.S. pension plans are frozen and
no longer accrue benefits, which are reflected as service costs.
Therefore, the standard did not have a material impact on our reported
consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or required
disclosures.

Modification of Share-Based Payment Awards

In May 2017, the
FASB issued an accounting standard that provides guidance about which changes
to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to
apply modification accounting.   

We prospectively
adopted this standard on its effective date of January 1, 2018 and the standard
did not have a material impact on our reported consolidated financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows or required disclosures.          

Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income

In February
2018, the FASB issued an accounting standard that allows the optional
reclassification of stranded tax effects within accumulated
other comprehensive income to retained earnings that arise due to the
enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (Tax Act). The amount of
the reclassification would reflect the impact of the change in the U.S.
federal corporate income tax rate on the gross deferred tax amounts and
related valuation allowances, if any, at the date of enactment of the Tax
Act and other income tax effects of the Tax Act on items remaining in accumulated
other comprehensive income.

184

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |

2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies

We adopted the standard effective January 1, 2018. The
impact of the adoption of the standard resulted in an increase to beginning
Accumulated other comprehensive income and a corresponding decrease to
beginning Retained earnings of $248 million. 
For more information on the
adoption of the Tax Act, see Note 23.

Future Application of Accounting Standards

Leases

In February
2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard that will require lessees with
lease terms of more than 12 months to recognize a right of use asset and a
corresponding lease liability on their balance sheets. For income statement
purposes, the FASB retained a dual model, requiring leases to be classified as
either operating leases or finance leases. Lessor accounting remained
largely the same, with the exception of certain specified changes. The standard
is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim
periods within those years, using a modified retrospective approach, and
provides for certain practical expedients in transition. During 2018, the FASB
issued several amendments and targeted improvements to ease with the
application of the standard, including the addition of a transition approach
that gives the Company the option of applying the standard at either the
beginning of the earliest comparative period presented or the beginning of the
period of adoption.    

We plan to adopt
the standard on its effective date of January 1, 2019, by recognizing a
cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings for
leases existing at the date of adoption.  We will also elect certain
practical expedients that allow us not to reassess existing leases under the
new guidance. Based on our analysis, the vast majority of the Company’s lease
obligation pertained to real estate utilized in the operation of our
businesses. Consequently, the primary impact of adoption will result in
the recognition of a right of use asset and a lease liability for operating
leases pertaining to our real estate portfolio that are expected to represent
less than one percent of the Company’s Total Assets and Total Liabilities,
respectively. We do not expect the standard to have a material effect on
our reported consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash
flows or required disclosures. 
See Note 16, Contingencies, Commitments and
Guarantees for additional information.

Financial Instruments - Credit Losses

In June 2016,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that will change how entities account
for credit losses for most financial assets, trade receivables and reinsurance
receivables.  The standard will replace the existing incurred loss
impairment model with a new “current expected credit loss model” that generally
will result in earlier recognition of credit losses.  The standard will apply
to financial assets subject to credit losses, including loans measured at
amortized cost, reinsurance receivables and certain off-balance sheet credit
exposures.  Additionally, the impairment of available-for-sale debt securities,
including purchased credit deteriorated securities, are subject to the new
guidance and will be measured in a similar manner, except that losses will be
recognized as allowances rather than reductions in the amortized cost of the
securities.  The standard will also require additional information to be
disclosed in the footnotes.

We plan to adopt
the standard on its effective date of January 1, 2020.  

We are continuing to develop our implementation plan to
adopt the standard and are assessing the impact of the standard on our reported
consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and
required disclosures.  While we expect an increase in our allowances for credit
losses for the financial instruments within scope of the standard, given the
objective of the new standard, the amount of any change will be dependent on
our portfolios’ composition and quality at the adoption date as well as
economic conditions and forecasts at that time. 

Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment

In January 2017,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that eliminates the requirement to
calculate the implied fair value of goodwill, through a hypothetical purchase
price allocation, to measure a goodwill impairment charge. Instead, entities
will record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit’s
carrying amount over its fair value not to exceed the total amount of goodwill
allocated to that reporting unit.  An entity should also consider income tax
effects from tax deductible goodwill on the carrying amount of the reporting
unit when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable.   

The standard is
effective on January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating
the timing of our adoption. Any impact of the standard will be dependent on the
market conditions of the reporting units at the time of adoption.

Premium Amortization on Purchased Callable Debt Securities

In March 2017,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that shortens the amortization period
for certain callable debt securities held at a premium by requiring the premium
to be amortized to the earliest call date.  The standard does not require an
accounting change for securities held at a discount, which continue to be
amortized to maturity.  

We plan to adopt
the standard retrospectively on its effective date of January 1, 2019. We do
not expect the standard to have a material impact on our reported consolidated
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or required disclosures.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

185

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements |

2. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies

Derivatives and Hedging

In August 2017,
the FASB issued an accounting standard that improves and expands hedge
accounting for both financial and commodity risks. The provisions of the
amendment are intended to better align the accounting with an entity’s risk
management activities, enhance the transparency on how the economic results are
presented in the financial statements and the footnote, and simplify the
application of hedge accounting treatment.

The standard is
effective on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. We will adopt the
standard on its effective date. The standard’s impact is not material to
our reported consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash
flows and required
disclosures.           

Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts

In
August 2018, the FASB issued an accounting standard update with the objective
of making targeted improvements to the existing recognition, measurement,
presentation, and disclosure requirements for long-duration contracts issued by
an insurance entity. The standard prescribes significant and comprehensive
changes to recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure as summarized
below:

•

Requires the review and if necessary
update of future policy benefit assumptions at least annually for traditional
and limited pay long duration contracts, with the recognition and separate
presentation of any resulting re-measurement gain or loss 

(except for discount rate changes as noted below)

 in the income statement.

•

Requires the discount rate assumption
to be updated at the end of each reporting period using an upper medium grade
(low-credit risk) fixed income instrument yield that maximizes the use of
observable market inputs and recognizes the impact of changes to discount rates
in other comprehensive income.

•

Simplifies the amortization of deferred
acquisition costs (DAC) to a constant level basis over the expected term of the
related contracts with adjustments for unexpected terminations, but no longer
requires an impairment test. 

•

Requires the measurement of all market
risk benefits associated with deposit (or account balance) contracts at fair
value through the income statement with the exception of instrument-specific
credit risk changes, which will be recognized in other comprehensive income.

•

Increased disclosures of disaggregated
roll-forwards of policy benefits, account balances, market risk benefits,
separate account liabilities and information about significant inputs,
judgments and methods used in measurement and changes thereto and impact of
those changes.

We
plan to adopt the standard on its effective date of January 1, 2021. We are
evaluating the method of adoption and impact of the standard on our reported
consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and
required disclosures.  The adoption of this standard is expected to have a
significant impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of
operations, cash flows and required disclosures, as well as systems, processes
and controls.

186

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |

3. Segment Information

3. Segment
Information

We report our results of operations consistent with the
manner in which our chief operating decision makers review the business to
assess performance and allocate resources, as follows:

General Insurance

General
Insurance

 business is presented as two
operating segments:

·

North America

 — consists of insurance businesses in the United States,
Canada and Bermuda. This also includes the results of Validus Reinsurance, Ltd.
and Western World Insurance Group, Inc. as of the acquisition date. 

·

International

 — consists of insurance businesses in Japan, the United
Kingdom, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Puerto Rico, Australia, the
Middle East and Africa. This also includes the results of Talbot Holdings, Ltd.
as of the acquisition date.

Results are presented before internal reinsurance
transactions.  North America and International operating segments consist
of the following products:

–     Commercial
Lines — consists of Liability, Financial Lines, Property and Special
Risks.

–     Personal
Insurance — consists of Personal Lines and Accident and Health. 

Life and Retirement

Life
and Retirement business is presented as four operating segments: 

·

Individual Retirement

 — consists of fixed annuities, fixed index annuities,
variable annuities and retail mutual funds.

·

Group Retirement

 — consists of group mutual funds, group fixed annuities,
group variable annuities, individual annuity and investment products, financial
planning and advisory services.

·

Life Insurance

 — primary products in the U.S. include term life and
universal life insurance. International operations include distribution of life
and health products in the UK and Ireland.

·

Institutional Markets

 — consists of stable value wrap products, structured
settlement and pension risk transfer annuities, corporate- and bank-owned life
insurance and guaranteed investment contracts (GICs).

Other Operations

Other Operations category consists of:

·

Income from assets held by AIG Parent and other corporate
subsidiaries.

·

General operating expenses not attributable to specific
reporting segments.

·

Interest expense.

·

Blackboard

 — a subsidiary focused on delivering commercial insurance solutions
using digital technology, data analytics and automation.

·

United Guaranty

 — Mortgage insurance protects mortgage
lenders and investors against the increased risk of borrower default related to
high loan-to-value mortgages. The sale of this business was completed on
December 31, 2016.  

·

Fuji Life

 — consists of term insurance, life
insurance, endowment policies and annuities. The sale of this business was
completed on April 30, 2017.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

187

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |

3. Segment Information

Legacy Portfolio

Legacy Portfolio
represents exited or discontinued product lines, policy forms or distribution
channels. Effective February 2018, our Bermuda domiciled composite reinsurer,
Fortitude Reinsurance Company Ltd. (Fortitude Re), formerly known as DSA
Reinsurance Company, Ltd., is included in our Legacy Portfolio.

·

Legacy
Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines

 — 

Reserves
consist of certain structured settlements, pension risk transfer annuities and
single premium immediate annuities written prior to April 2012.  Also includes
exposures to whole life, long-term care and exited accident & health
product lines.

·

Legacy
General Insurance Run-Off Lines

 — 

Reserves
consist of excess workers’ compensation, environmental exposures and exposures
to other products within General Insurance that are no longer actively
marketed.  

Also includes the
remaining reserves in Eaglestone Reinsurance Company (Eaglestone).  

·

Legacy
Investments

 — 

Includes investment classes that we have
placed into run-off including holdings in direct investments as well as
investments in global capital markets and global real estate.

On
December 31, 2016, we completed the sale of United Guaranty to Arch. 
See
Note 1 for a further discussion.

In the second
quarter of 2015, a United Guaranty subsidiary and certain of our General
Insurance companies entered into a 50 percent quota share reinsurance agreement
whereby the United Guaranty subsidiary (1) ceded 50 percent of the risk
relating to policies written in 2014 that were current as of January 1,
2015 and (2) ceded 50 percent of the risk relating to all policies written in
2015 and 2016, each in exchange for a 30 percent ceding commission and
reimbursements of 50 percent of the losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred on covered policies. Beginning in the third quarter of 2016, the
effect of this intercompany reinsurance arrangements is included in the results
of Property and Special Risks and Other Operations for all periods presented.
Previously, this arrangement was eliminated for purposes of segment reporting.
Concurrent with the closing of the sale of United Guaranty, we amended and
restated this arrangement and expect the results of this arrangement to
continue to be reported in Property and Special Risks.

Investment
income of the General Insurance companies is attributed to the North America
and International operating segments based on an internal investment income
allocation model. The model estimates investable funds based primarily on loss
reserves and unearned premiums. Investment income of the Life and Retirement
companies is attributed to the Individual Retirement, Group Retirement, Life
Insurance and Institutional Markets operating segments as well as the Legacy
Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines based on invested assets in segregated
product line portfolios; income from invested assets in excess of liabilities
is allocated to product lines based on internal capital estimates.

We evaluate
segment performance based on adjusted revenues and adjusted pre-tax income
(loss). Adjusted revenues and adjusted pre-tax income (loss) are derived by
excluding certain items from total revenues and net income (loss) attributable
to AIG, respectively. 
For the items excluded from adjusted revenues and
adjusted pre-tax income (loss) see the table below.

188

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |

3. Segment Information

The following table presents AIG’s continuing
operations by operating segment: 

 Net

 Adjusted

 Total

 Investment

 Interest

 Amortization

 Pre-Tax 

 (in millions)

  Revenues 

 Income

 Expense

 of DAC

 Income (Loss)

 2018

 General Insurance

 North America

 $

 14,619

 $

 2,305

 $

 -

 $

 1,859

 $

 (8)

 International

 15,554

 363

 -

 2,737

 (461)

 Total General Insurance

 30,173

 2,668

 -

 4,596

 (469)

 Life and Retirement

 Individual Retirement

 5,338

 3,827

 82

 630

 1,681

 Group Retirement

 2,891

 2,172

 42

 95

 933

 Life Insurance

 4,007

 1,137

 25

 (50)

 330

 Institutional Markets

 1,900

 786

 13

 5

 246

 Total Life and Retirement

 14,136

 7,922

 162

 680

 3,190

 Other Operations

 636

 45

 1,066

 10

 (1,584)

 Legacy Portfolio

 3,039

 2,325

 30

 105

 213

 AIG Consolidation and elimination

 (171)

 (232)

 85

 -

 59

 Total AIG Consolidated adjusted revenues and
 adjusted

 pre-tax income

 $

 47,813

 $

 12,728

 $

 1,343

 $

 5,391

 $

 1,409

 Reconciling Items from adjusted pre-tax income to

 pre-tax income (loss):

 Changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed

 living benefits

 (128)

 (128)

 -

 -

 (154)

 Changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to

 net realized capital gains

 -

 -

 -

 (5)

 6

 Other income (expense) - net

 (53)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Loss on extinguishment of debt

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (7)

 Net realized capital losses*

 (254)

 (124)

 (34)

 -

 (193)

 Income from divested businesses

 -

 -

 -

 -

 38

 Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements

 11

 -

 -

 -

 (19)

 (Unfavorable) favorable prior year development and related
 amortization

 changes ceded under retroactive reinsurance agreements

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (675)

 Net loss reserve discount benefit (charge)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 371

 Pension expense related to a one-time lump sum payment to

 former employees

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Integration and transaction costs associated with acquired
 businesses

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (124)

 Restructuring and other costs

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (395)

 Revenues and Pre-tax income (loss)

 $

 47,389

 $

 12,476

 $

 1,309

 $

 5,386

 $

 257

 2017

 General Insurance

 North America

 $

 14,600

 $

 3,145

 $

 31

 $

 1,305

 $

 (232)

 International

 15,094

 523

 (9)

 2,460

 (581)

 Total General Insurance

 29,694

 3,668

 22

 3,765

 (813)

 Life and Retirement

 Individual Retirement

 5,514

 4,013

 58

 415

 2,289

 Group Retirement

 2,848

 2,164

 32

 84

 1,004

 Life Insurance

 4,056

 1,044

 13

 239

 274

 Institutional Markets

 3,168

 595

 6

 5

 264

 Total Life and Retirement

 15,586

 7,816

 109

 743

 3,831

 Other Operations

 1,413

 53

 968

 (9)

 (1,405)

 Legacy Portfolio

 4,391

 2,776

 122

 76

 1,470

 AIG Consolidation and elimination

 (308)

 (280)

 (53)

 4

 75

 Total AIG Consolidated adjusted revenues and
 adjusted 

 pre-tax income

 $

 50,776

 $

 14,033

 $

 1,168

 $

 4,579

 $

 3,158

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

189

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |

3. Segment Information

 Reconciling Items from
 adjusted pre-tax income to

 pre-tax income:

 Changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed

 living benefits

 146

 146

 -

 -

 146

 Changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to

 net realized capital gains

 -

 -

 -

 (291)

 303

 Other income (expense) - net

 (49)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Gain on extinguishment of debt

 -

 -

 -

 -

 5

 Net realized capital losses

 (1,380)

 -

 -

 -

 (1,380)

 Income from divested businesses

 -

 -

 -

 -

 68

 Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements

 27

 -

 -

 -

 129

 (Unfavorable) favorable prior year development and related
 amortization

 changes ceded under retroactive reinsurance agreements

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (303)

 Net loss reserve discount benefit (charge)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (187)

 Pension expense related to a one-time lump sum payment to

 former employees

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (60)

 Restructuring and other costs

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (413)

 Revenues and Pre-tax income

 $

 49,520

 $

 14,179

 $

 1,168

 $

 4,288

 $

 1,466

 2016

 General Insurance

 North America

 $

 17,005

 $

 3,041

 $

 28

 $

 1,444

 $

 (2,399)

 International

 16,135

 513

 -

 2,677

 348

 Total General Insurance

 33,140

 3,554

 28

 4,121

 (2,051)

 Life and Retirement

 Individual Retirement

 5,758

 3,878

 50

 298

 2,269

 Group Retirement

 2,769

 2,146

 26

 129

 931

 Life Insurance

 3,818

 1,035

 12

 182

 (37)

 Institutional Markets

 1,433

 563

 4

 4

 265

 Total Life and Retirement

 13,778

 7,622

 92

 613

 3,428

 Other Operations

 2,517

 207

 978

 72

 (1,011)

 Legacy Portfolio

 5,250

 2,913

 282

 108

 1,007

 AIG Consolidation and elimination

 (494)

 (351)

 (120)

 (117)

 42

 Total AIG Consolidated adjusted revenues and
 adjusted

 pre-tax income

 $

 54,191

 $

 13,945

 $

 1,260

 $

 4,797

 $

 1,415

 Reconciling Items from adjusted pre-tax income to

 pre-tax income (loss):

 Changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed

 living benefits

 120

 120

 -

 -

 120

 Changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to

 net realized capital gains

 -

 -

 -

 (276)

 195

 Other income (expense) - net

 (44)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Loss on extinguishment of debt

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (74)

 Net realized capital losses

 (1,944)

 -

 -

 -

 (1,944)

 Income from divested businesses

 -

 -

 -

 -

 545

 Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements

 44

 -

 -

 -

 41

 (Unfavorable) favorable prior year development and related
 amortization

 changes ceded under retroactive reinsurance agreements

 -

 -

 -

 -

 42

 Net loss reserve discount benefit (charge)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 427

 Pension expense related to a one-time lump sum payment to

 former employees

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (147)

 Restructuring and other costs

 -

 -

 -

 -

 (694)

 Revenues and Pre-tax income (loss)

 $

 52,367

 $

 14,065

 $

 1,260

 $

 4,521

 $

 (74)

*   Includes
all net realized capital gains and losses except earned income (periodic
settlements and changes in settlement accruals) on derivative instruments used
for non-qualifying (economic) hedging or for asset replication.

The following table presents AIG’s year-end identifiable assets
and capital expenditures by legal entity category:

 Year-End
 Identifiable Assets

 Capital
 Expenditures

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 2018

 2017

 General Insurance companies

 $

 110,007

 $

 114,841

 $

 171

 $

 239

 Life and Retirement companies

 247,219

 289,457

 94

 88

 Other

 140,428

 105,425

 103

 156

 AIG Consolidation and Elimination

 (5,670)

 (11,422)

 -

 -

 Total Assets

 $

 491,984

 $

 498,301

 $

 368

 $

 483

190

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |

3. Segment Information

The following table presents AIG’s
consolidated total revenues and real estate and other fixed assets, net of
accumulated depreciation, by major geographic area:

 Real
 Estate and Other Fixed Assets, 

 Total
 Revenues*

 Net of
 Accumulated Depreciation

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 2016

 2018

 2017

 2016

 North America

 $

 31,003

 $

 34,149

 $

 36,871

 $

 1,479

 $

 1,630

 $

 1,326

 International

 16,386

 15,371

 15,496

 693

 892

 1,334

 Consolidated

 $

 47,389

 $

 49,520

 $

 52,367

 $

 2,172

 $

 2,522

 $

 2,660

*    Revenues
are generally reported according to the geographic location of the reporting unit.
International revenues consists of revenues from our General Insurance
International operating segment.                      

4. Business
Combination

On July 18,
2018, we completed the purchase of a 100 percent voting interest in Validus, a
leading provider of reinsurance, primary insurance, and asset management
services, for $5.5 billion in cash. This transaction was made with the intent
to strengthen our global General Insurance business by expanding our current
product portfolio through additional distribution channels and advancing the
tools available to enhance underwriting. The impact of the acquisition on Total
revenues, Net income (loss), and Net income (loss) attributable to AIG was $1.4
billion, $(206) million, and $(206) million, respectively, for 2018. Integration
and transaction costs associated with the acquisition of Validus were $101
million for 2018 and are included in General operating and other expenses in
our Consolidated Statement of Income.

As part of the
purchase, we guaranteed 6,000 issued and outstanding 5.875% Non-Cumulative
Preference Shares, Series A (the Series A Preference Shares) and 10,000 issued
and outstanding 5.800% Non-Cumulative Preference Shares, Series B (together
with the Series A Preference Shares, the Preference Shares). On October 30,
2018, Validus redeemed all of its outstanding Preference Shares at a redemption
price of $26,000 per Preference Share for approximately $416 million in the
aggregate.

The purchase was
accounted for under the acquisition method. Accordingly, the total purchase
price was allocated to the estimated fair values of assets acquired and
liabilities assumed. This allocation resulted in the purchase price exceeding
the fair value of net assets acquired, which results in a difference recorded
as goodwill. Goodwill generated from the acquisition is attributable to
expected synergies from future growth and potential future monetization
opportunities. 

Goodwill related to the
purchase of Validus assigned to our General Insurance operating segments was
$1.8 billion for North America and $157 million for International.

In addition,
Validus participates in the market for insurance-linked securities (ILS)
primarily through AlphaCat Managers, Ltd (AlphaCat Manager). AlphaCat Manager
is an asset manager primarily for third-party investors and in connection with
the issuance of ILS invests in AlphaCat funds which are considered variable
interest entities (VIEs). ILS are financial instruments for which the values
are determined based on insurance losses caused primarily by natural
catastrophes such as major earthquakes and hurricanes. We report the investment
in AlphaCat funds, which is approximately $116 million at December 31, 2018, in
Other Invested Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements |

4. Business Combination

The following table summarizes the estimated
provisional fair values of major classes of identifiable assets acquired and
liabilities assumed as of July 18, 2018:

 (in millions)

 July
 18, 2018

 Identifiable net
 assets:

 Investments

 $

 6,613

 Cash

 330

 Premiums and other receivables

 2,130

 Reinsurance assets

 1,692

 Value of business acquired*

 298

 Deferred income taxes

 63

 Other assets, including
 restricted cash of $93

 1,008

 Liability for unpaid claims and
 claims adjustment expense

 (4,138)

 Unearned premiums

 (2,083)

 Long-term debt

 (1,106)

 Other liabilities

 (913)

 Preference shares

 (416)

 Total identifiable net assets
 acquired

 3,478

 Cash consideration paid

 5,475

 Goodwill recognized
 from acquisition

 $

 1,997

*    Reported
in Deferred policy acquisition costs in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

The following unaudited summarized pro forma consolidated income
statement information assumes that the acquisition of Validus occurred as of
January 1, 2017. The pro forma amounts are for comparative purposes only, may
not necessarily reflect the results of operations that would have resulted had
the acquisition been completed at the beginning of the applicable period and
may not be indicative of the results that will be attained in the future.

 Years Ended December
 31,

 (in millions)

 2018*

 2017*

 Total revenues

 $

 48,588

 $

 52,009

 Net income (loss)

 16

 (6,104)

 Net income (loss) attributable
 to AIG

 (51)

 (6,132)

 Income (loss) per
 common share attributable to AIG:

 Basic:

 Net income (loss) attributable
 to AIG

 (0.06)

 (6.59)

 Diluted:

 Net income (loss) attributable
 to AIG

 (0.06)

 (6.59)

* Pro forma adjustments were made to Validus
external reporting results prior to the acquisition date for the
deconsolidation of certain asset management entities consistent with AIG’s post
acquisition accounting, which had no impact on Net income attributable to
Validus.

The following table presents details of the identified intangible
assets acquired:

 Estimated Weighted

 (in millions, except
 years)

 Fair
 Value

 Average Useful Life

 Definite lived
 intangibles

 Value of distribution network
 acquired(a)(b)

 $

 444

 15 years

 Value of business acquired(c)

 298

 2 years

 Indefinite lived
 intangibles(a)

 Syndicate capacity

 193

 Other

 75

 Total

 $

 1,010

(a) Reported
in Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

(b)
Amortization is reported in General operating and other expenses in the
Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss).

(c)
Reported in Deferred policy acquisition costs in the Consolidated Balance Sheet
and Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs in the Consolidated
Statement of Income (Loss).

192

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

5. Fair
Value Measurements

Fair Value Measurements on a Recurring Basis

We carry certain
of our financial instruments at fair value. We define the fair value of a
financial instrument as the amount that would be received from the sale of an
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. We are responsible for the determination
of the value of the investments carried at fair value and the supporting
methodologies and assumptions.

The degree of
judgment used in measuring the fair value of financial instruments generally
inversely correlates with the level of observable valuation inputs. We maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when
measuring fair value. Financial instruments with quoted prices in active
markets generally have more pricing observability and less judgment is used in
measuring fair value. Conversely, financial instruments for which no quoted
prices are available have less observability and are measured at fair value
using valuation models or other pricing techniques that require more judgment.
Pricing observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of
financial instrument, whether the financial instrument is new to the market and
not yet established, the characteristics specific to the transaction, liquidity
and general market conditions.

Fair Value Hierarchy

Assets
and liabilities recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are
measured and classified in accordance with a fair value hierarchy consisting of
three “levels” based on the observability of valuation inputs:

•

Level
1:

 Fair value measurements
based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that we have the ability
to access for identical assets or liabilities.  Market price data generally is
obtained from exchange or dealer markets. We do not adjust the quoted price for
such instruments.

•

Level
2:

Fair value measurements based on inputs
other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the
asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include
quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted
prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not
active, and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset
or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at
commonly quoted intervals.

•

Level
3:

 Fair value measurements
based on valuation techniques that use significant inputs that are
unobservable. Both observable and unobservable inputs may be used to determine
the fair values of positions classified in Level 3. The circumstances for
using these measurements include those in which there is little, if any, market
activity for the asset or liability. Therefore, we must make certain
assumptions about the inputs a hypothetical market participant would use to
value that asset or liability. 

In
certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different
levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value
hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls is
determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
value measurement in its entirety.

The
following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for instruments
carried at fair value. These methodologies are applied to assets and
liabilities across the levels discussed above, and it is the observability of
the inputs used that determines the appropriate level in the fair value
hierarchy for the respective asset or liability.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

193

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

Valuation
Methodologies of Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value

Incorporation of Credit Risk in Fair Value Measurements

•

Our
Own Credit Risk.

 Fair value measurements for certain
liabilities incorporate our own credit risk by determining the explicit cost
for each counterparty to protect against its net credit exposure to us at the
balance sheet date by reference to observable AIG CDS or cash bond spreads. We
calculate the effect of credit spread changes using discounted cash flow
techniques that incorporate current market interest rates. A derivative
counterparty’s net credit exposure to us is determined based on master netting
agreements, when applicable, which take into consideration all derivative
positions with us, as well as collateral we post with the counterparty at the
balance sheet date. 
For a description of how we
incorporate our own credit risk in the valuation of embedded derivatives
related to certain annuity and life insurance products see Embedded Derivatives
within Policyholder Contract Deposits below.

•

Counterparty
Credit Risk.

 Fair value
measurements for freestanding derivatives incorporate counterparty credit by
determining the explicit cost for us to protect against our net credit exposure
to each counterparty at the balance sheet date by reference to observable
counterparty CDS

 spreads, when
available. When not available, other directly or indirectly observable credit
spreads will be used to derive the best estimates of the counterparty spreads.
Our net credit exposure to a counterparty is determined based on master netting
agreements, which take into consideration all derivative positions with the
counterparty, as well as collateral posted by the counterparty at the balance
sheet date.

Fair
values for fixed maturity securities based on observable market prices for
identical or similar instruments implicitly incorporate counterparty credit
risk. Fair values for fixed maturity securities based on internal models
incorporate counterparty credit risk by using discount rates that take into
consideration cash issuance spreads for similar instruments or other observable
information.

For fair values
measured based on internal models, the cost of credit protection is determined
under a discounted present value approach considering the market levels for
single name CDS spreads for each specific counterparty, the mid-market value of
the net exposure (reflecting the amount of protection required) and the
weighted average life of the net exposure. CDS spreads are provided to us by an
independent third party. We utilize an interest rate based on the benchmark
London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) curve to derive our discount rates.

While this
approach does not explicitly consider all potential future behavior of the
derivative transactions or potential future changes in valuation inputs, we
believe this approach provides a reasonable estimate of the fair value of the
assets and liabilities, including consideration of the impact of
non-performance risk.

Fixed Maturity Securities

Whenever
available, we obtain quoted prices in active markets for identical assets at
the balance sheet date to measure fixed maturity securities at fair value.
Market price data is generally obtained from dealer markets.

We employ
independent third

-

party valuation service providers to gather, analyze, and
interpret market information to derive fair value estimates for individual
investments, based upon market

-

accepted methodologies and assumptions. The methodologies
used by these independent third

-

party valuation service providers are reviewed and
understood by management, through periodic discussion with and information
provided by the independent third-party valuation service providers. In
addition, as discussed further below, control processes are applied to the fair
values received from independent third

-

party valuation service providers to ensure the accuracy of
these values.

Valuation
service providers typically obtain data about market transactions and other key
valuation model inputs from multiple sources and, through the use of market-accepted
valuation methodologies, which may utilize matrix pricing, financial models,
accompanying model inputs and various assumptions, provide a single fair value
measurement for individual securities. The inputs used by the valuation service
providers include, but are not limited to, market prices from completed
transactions for identical securities and transactions for comparable
securities, benchmark yields, interest rate yield curves, credit spreads, prepayment
rates, default rates, recovery assumptions, currency rates, quoted prices for
similar securities and other market

-

observable information, as applicable. If fair value is
determined using financial models, these models generally take into account,
among other things, market observable information as of the measurement date as
well as the specific attributes of the security being valued, including its
term, interest rate, credit rating, industry sector, and when applicable,
collateral quality and other security or issuer

-

specific information. When market transactions or other
market observable data is limited, the extent to which judgment is applied in
determining fair value is greatly increased.

194

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

We have control processes
designed to ensure that the fair values received from independent third-party
valuation service providers are accurately recorded, that their data inputs and
valuation techniques are appropriate and consistently applied and that the
assumptions used appear reasonable and consistent with the objective of determining
fair value. We assess the reasonableness of individual security values received
from independent third-party valuation service providers through various
analytical techniques, and have procedures to escalate related questions
internally and to the independent third-party valuation service providers for
resolution. To assess the degree of pricing consensus among various valuation
service providers for specific asset types, we conduct comparisons of prices
received from available sources. We use these comparisons to establish a
hierarchy for the fair values received from independent third-party valuation
service providers to be used for particular security classes. We also validate
prices for selected securities through reviews by members of management who
have relevant expertise and who are independent of those charged with executing
investing transactions.

When our independent
third-party valuation service providers are unable to obtain sufficient market
observable information upon which to estimate the fair value for a particular
security, fair value is determined either by requesting brokers who are
knowledgeable about these securities to provide a price quote, which is
generally non-binding, or by employing market accepted valuation models. Broker
prices may be based on an income approach, which converts expected future cash
flows to a single present value amount, with specific consideration of inputs
relevant to particular security types. For structured securities, such inputs
may include ratings, collateral types, geographic concentrations, underlying
loan vintages, loan delinquencies and defaults, loss severity assumptions,
prepayments, and weighted average coupons and maturities. When the volume or
level of market activity for a security is limited, certain inputs used to
determine fair value may not be observable in the market. Broker prices may
also be based on a market approach that considers recent transactions involving
identical or similar securities. Fair values provided by brokers are subject to
similar control processes to those noted above for fair values from independent
third-party valuation service providers, including management reviews. For
those corporate debt instruments (for example, private placements) that are not
traded in active markets or that are subject to transfer restrictions,
valuations reflect illiquidity and non-transferability, based on available
market evidence. When observable price quotations are not available, fair value
is determined based on discounted cash flow models using discount rates based
on credit spreads, yields or price levels of comparable securities, adjusted for
illiquidity and structure. Fair values determined internally are also subject
to management review to ensure that valuation models and related inputs are
reasonable.

The methodology
above is relevant for all fixed maturity securities including residential
mortgage backed securities (RMBS), commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBS),
collateralized debt obligations (CDO), other asset‑backed securities (ABS)
and fixed maturity securities issued by government sponsored entities and
corporate entities.

Equity Securities Traded in Active Markets

Whenever
available, we obtain quoted prices in active markets for identical assets at
the balance sheet date to measure equity securities at fair value. Market price
data is generally obtained from exchange or dealer markets.

Mortgage and Other Loans Receivable

We estimate the
fair value of mortgage and other loans receivable that are measured at fair
value by using dealer quotations, discounted cash flow analyses and/or internal
valuation models. The determination of fair value considers inputs such as
interest rate, maturity, the borrower’s creditworthiness, collateral,
subordination, guarantees, past-due status, yield curves, credit curves,
prepayment rates, market pricing for comparable loans and other relevant
factors.

Other Invested Assets

We initially
estimate the fair value of investments in certain hedge funds, private equity
funds and other investment partnerships by reference to the transaction price.
Subsequently, we generally obtain the fair value of these investments from net
asset value information provided by the general partner or manager of the
investments, the financial statements of which are generally audited annually.
We consider observable market data and perform certain control procedures to
validate the appropriateness of using the net asset value as a fair value
measurement. The fair values of other investments carried at fair value, such
as direct private equity holdings, are initially determined based on
transaction price and are subsequently estimated based on available evidence
such as market transactions in similar instruments, other financing
transactions of the issuer and other available financial information for the
issuer, with adjustments made to reflect illiquidity as appropriate.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

195

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

Short-term
Investments

For short-term investments
that are measured at amortized cost, the carrying amounts of these assets
approximate fair values because of the relatively short period of time between
origination and expected realization, and their limited exposure to credit
risk.  Securities purchased under agreements to resell (reverse repurchase
agreements) are generally treated as collateralized receivables.  We report
certain receivables arising from securities purchased under agreements to
resell as Short-term investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. When these
receivables are measured at fair value, we use market-observable interest rates
to determine fair value. 

Separate Account Assets

Separate account
assets are composed primarily of registered and unregistered open-end mutual
funds that generally trade daily and are measured at fair value in the manner
discussed above for equity securities traded in active markets.

Freestanding Derivatives

Derivative
assets and liabilities can be exchange

-

traded or traded over-the-counter (OTC). We generally value
exchange

-

traded
derivatives such as futures and options using quoted prices in active markets
for identical derivatives at the balance sheet date.

OTC derivatives
are valued using market transactions and other market evidence whenever
possible, including market

-

based inputs to models, model calibration to market
clearing transactions, broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing
sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. When models are used, the
selection of a particular model to value an OTC derivative depends on the
contractual terms of, and specific risks inherent in the instrument, as well as
the availability of pricing information in the market. We generally use similar
models to value similar instruments. Valuation models require a variety of
inputs, including contractual terms, market prices and rates, yield curves,
credit curves, measures of volatility, prepayment rates and correlations of
such inputs. For OTC derivatives that trade in liquid markets, such as generic
forwards, swaps and options, model inputs can generally be corroborated by
observable market data by correlation or other means, and model selection does
not involve significant management judgment.

For certain OTC
derivatives that trade in less liquid markets, where we generally do not have
corroborating market evidence to support significant model inputs and cannot
verify the model to market transactions, the transaction price may provide the
best estimate of fair value. Accordingly, when a pricing model is used to value
such an instrument, the model is adjusted so the model value at inception
equals the transaction price. We will update valuation inputs in these models
only when corroborated by evidence such as similar market transactions,
independent third-party valuation service providers and/or broker or dealer
quotations, or other empirical market data. When appropriate, valuations are
adjusted for various factors such as liquidity, bid/offer spreads and credit
considerations. Such adjustments are generally based on available market
evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management’s best estimate is used.

We value our
super senior credit default swap portfolio using prices obtained from vendors
and/or counterparties.  The valuation of the super senior credit derivatives is
complex because of the limited availability of market observable information
due to the lack of trading and price transparency in certain structured finance
markets. Our valuation methodologies for the super senior CDS portfolio have
evolved over time in response to market conditions and the availability of
market observable information. We have sought to calibrate the methodologies to
available market information and to review the assumptions of the methodologies
on a regular basis. 

Embedded Derivatives within Policyholder Contract Deposits

Certain variable
annuity and equity

-

indexed annuity and life contracts contain embedded
derivatives that we bifurcate from the host contracts and account for
separately at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. 
These embedded derivatives are classified within Policyholder contract
deposits.  We have concluded these contracts contain either (i) a written
option that guarantees a minimum accumulation value at maturity, (ii) a
written option that guarantees annual withdrawals regardless of underlying
market performance for a specific period or for life, or (iii) equity

-

indexed written options
that meet the criteria of derivatives and must be bifurcated.

196

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

The fair value of embedded
derivatives contained in certain variable annuity and equity

-

indexed annuity and life
contracts is measured based on policyholder behavior and capital market
assumptions related to projected cash flows over the expected lives of the
contracts. These discounted cash flow projections primarily include benefits
and related fees assessed, when applicable. In some instances, the projected
cash flows from fees may exceed projected cash flows related to benefit
payments and therefore, at a point in time, the carrying value of the embedded
derivative may be in a net asset position. The projected cash flows incorporate
best estimate assumptions for policyholder behavior (including mortality,
lapses, withdrawals and benefit utilization), along with an explicit risk
margin to reflect a market participant’s estimates of projected cash flows and
policyholder behavior. Estimates of future policyholder behavior assumptions are
subjective and based primarily on our historical experience.

Because of the
dynamic and complex nature of the projected cash flows with respect to embedded
derivatives in our variable annuity contracts, risk neutral valuations are
used, which are calibrated to observable interest rate and equity option prices.
Estimating the underlying cash flows for these products involves judgments
regarding expected market rates of return, market volatility, credit spreads, correlations
of certain market variables, fund performance, discount rates and policyholder
behavior. The portion of fees attributable to the fair value of expected
benefit payments are included within the fair value measurement of these
embedded derivatives, and related fees are classified in net realized gain/loss
as earned, consistent with other changes in the fair value of these embedded
policy derivatives.  Any portion of the fees not attributed to the embedded
derivatives are excluded from the fair value measurement and classified in
policy fees as earned.

With respect to
embedded derivatives in our equity

-

indexed annuity and life contracts, option pricing models
are used to estimate fair value, taking into account assumptions for future
equity index growth rates, volatility of the equity index, future interest
rates, and our ability to adjust the participation rate and the cap on equity

-

indexed credited rates in
light of market conditions and policyholder behavior assumptions. 

Projected cash
flows are discounted using the interest rate swap curve (swap curve), which is
commonly viewed as being consistent with the credit spreads for highly‑rated
financial institutions (S&P AA-rated or above). A swap curve shows the
fixed-rate leg of a non-complex swap against the floating rate (for
example, LIBOR) leg of a related tenor. We also incorporate our own risk
of non-performance in the valuation of the embedded derivatives associated with
variable annuity and equity

-

indexed annuity and life contracts. The non-performance
risk adjustment reflects a market participant’s view of our claims-paying
ability by incorporating an additional spread to the swap curve used to
discount projected benefit cash flows in the valuation of these embedded
derivatives. The non-performance risk adjustment is calculated by constructing
forward rates based on a weighted average of observable corporate credit
indices to approximate the claims-paying ability rating of our Life and
Retirement companies.

Long-Term Debt

The fair value
of non-structured liabilities is generally determined by using market prices
from exchange or dealer markets, when available, or discounting expected cash
flows using the appropriate discount rate for the applicable maturity. We
determine the fair value of structured liabilities and hybrid financial
instruments (where performance is linked to structured interest rates,
inflation or currency risks) using the appropriate derivative valuation
methodology (described above) given the nature of the embedded risk profile. In
addition, adjustments are made to the valuations of both non-structured and
structured liabilities to reflect our own creditworthiness based on the
methodology described under the caption “Incorporation of Credit Risk in Fair
Value Measurements – Our Own Credit Risk” above.

Borrowings under
obligations of guaranteed investment agreements (GIAs), which are guaranteed by
us, are recorded at fair value using discounted cash flow calculations based on
interest rates currently being offered for similar contracts and our current
market observable implicit credit spread rates with maturities consistent with
those remaining for the contracts being valued. Obligations may be called at
various times prior to maturity at the option of the counterparty. Interest
rates on these borrowings are primarily fixed, vary by maturity and range up to
7.62 percent.

Other Liabilities

Other
liabilities measured at fair value include certain securities sold under
agreements to repurchase and certain securities sold but not yet purchased.
Liabilities arising from securities sold under agreements to repurchase are
generally treated as collateralized borrowings. We estimate the fair value of
liabilities arising under these agreements by using market

-

observable interest rates.
This methodology considers such factors as the coupon rate, yield curves and
other relevant factors. Fair values for securities sold but not yet purchased
are based on current market prices. 

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

197

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value
on a Recurring Basis

The following table presents information about assets and
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicates the level
of the fair value measurement based on the observability of the inputs used:

 December
 31, 2018

 Counterparty

 Cash

 (in millions)

  Level
 1

 Level
 2

 Level
 3

 Netting(a)

 Collateral

 Total

 Assets:

 Bonds available for sale:

 U.S. government and government sponsored entities

 $

 53

 $

 3,207

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 3,260

       Obligations of states,
 municipalities and political subdivisions

 -

 14,001

 2,000

 -

 -

 16,001

 Non-U.S. governments

 69

 14,445

 11

 -

 -

 14,525

 Corporate debt

 -

 129,836

 864

 -

 -

 130,700

 RMBS

 -

 20,178

 14,199

 -

 -

 34,377

 CMBS

 -

 11,784

 917

 -

 -

 12,701

 CDO/ABS

 -

 8,725

 9,102

 -

 -

 17,827

 Total
 bonds available for sale

 122

 202,176

 27,093

 -

 -

 229,391

 Other bond securities:

 U.S. government and government sponsored entities

 11

 2,654

 -

 -

 -

 2,665

 Non-U.S. governments

 -

 45

 -

 -

 -

 45

 Corporate debt

 -

 1,671

 -

 -

 -

 1,671

 RMBS

 -

 424

 1,290

 -

 -

 1,714

 CMBS

 -

 311

 77

 -

 -

 388

 CDO/ABS

 -

 454

 4,478

 -

 -

 4,932

 Total
 other bond securities

 11

 5,559

 5,845

 -

 -

 11,415

 Equity securities 

(b)

 1,213

 13

 27

 -

 -

 1,253

 Mortgage and other loans receivable

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Other invested assets

(c)

 -

 341

 587

 -

 -

 928

    Derivative assets:

       Interest rate contracts 

 2

 2,888

 -

 -

 -

 2,890

 Foreign exchange contracts

 -

 1,159

 5

 -

 -

 1,164

 Equity contracts

 133

 190

 75

 -

 -

 398

 Credit contracts

 -

 -

 1

 -

 -

 1

 Other contracts

 -

 -

 15

 -

 -

 15

 Counterparty netting and cash collateral

 -

 -

 -

 (1,713)

 (1,840)

 (3,553)

 Total
 derivative assets

 135

 4,237

 96

 (1,713)

 (1,840)

 915

 Short-term investments

 2,416

 599

 -

 -

 -

 3,015

 Separate account assets

 77,202

 4,645

 -

 -

 -

 81,847

 Other assets

 -

 -

 58

 -

 -

 58

 Total

 $

 81,099

 $

 217,570

 $

 33,706

 $

 (1,713)

 $

 (1,840)

 $

 328,822

 Liabilities:

 Policyholder contract deposits

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 4,116

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 4,116

    Derivative
 liabilities:

 Interest rate contracts

 4

 2,004

 15

 -

 -

 2,023

 Foreign exchange contracts

 -

 858

 -

 -

 -

 858

 Equity contracts

 12

 3

 -

 -

 -

 15

 Credit contracts

 -

 8

 228

 -

 -

 236

 Other contracts

 -

 -

 6

 -

 -

 6

 Counterparty netting and cash collateral

 -

 -

 -

 (1,713)

 (187)

 (1,900)

 Total derivative
 liabilities

 16

 2,873

 249

 (1,713)

 (187)

 1,238

 Long-term debt

 -

 2,213

 -

 -

 -

 2,213

 Other liabilities

 16

 11

 -

 -

 -

 27

 Total

 $

 32

 $

 5,097

 $

 4,365

 $

 (1,713)

 $

 (187)

 $

 7,594

198

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

 December 31, 2017

 Counterparty

 Cash

 (in
 millions)

  Level
 1

 Level
 2

 Level
 3

 Netting(a)

 Collateral

 Total

 Assets:

 Bonds available for sale:

 U.S. government and government sponsored entities

 $

 201

 $

 2,455

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 2,656

 Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions

 -

 16,240

 2,404

 -

 -

 18,644

 Non-U.S. governments

 20

 15,631

 8

 -

 -

 15,659

 Corporate debt

 -

 133,003

 1,173

 -

 -

 134,176

 RMBS

 -

 21,098

 16,136

 -

 -

 37,234

 CMBS

 -

 13,217

 624

 -

 -

 13,841

 CDO/ABS

 -

 8,131

 8,651

 -

 -

 16,782

 Total
 bonds available for sale

 221

 209,775

 28,996

 -

 -

 238,992

 Other bond securities:

 U.S. government and government sponsored entities

 238

 2,564

 -

 -

 -

 2,802

 Non-U.S. governments

 -

 57

 -

 -

 -

 57

 Corporate debt

 -

 1,891

 18

 -

 -

 1,909

 RMBS

 -

 421

 1,464

 -

 -

 1,885

 CMBS

 -

 485

 74

 -

 -

 559

 CDO/ABS

 -

 604

 4,956

 -

 -

 5,560

 Total
 other bond securities

 238

 6,022

 6,512

 -

 -

 12,772

 Equity securities available for sale:

 Common stock

 1,061

 -

 -

 -

 -

 1,061

 Preferred stock

 18

 515

 -

 -

 -

 533

 Mutual funds

 110

 4

 -

 -

 -

 114

 Total
 equity securities available for sale

 1,189

 519

 -

 -

 -

 1,708

 Other equity securities

 589

 -

 -

 -

 -

 589

 Mortgage and other loans receivable

 -

 -

 5

 -

 -

 5

 Other invested assets

(c)

 -

 1

 250

 -

 -

 251

    Derivative assets:

       Interest rate
 contracts

 1

 2,170

 -

 -

 -

 2,171

       Foreign exchange
 contracts

 -

 827

 4

 -

 -

 831

       Equity contracts

 188

 252

 82

 -

 -

 522

       Credit contracts

 -

 -

 1

 -

 -

 1

       Other contracts

 -

 -

 20

 -

 -

 20

       Counterparty
 netting and cash collateral

 -

 -

 -

 (1,464)

 (1,159)

 (2,623)

 Total derivative assets

 189

 3,249

 107

 (1,464)

 (1,159)

 922

 Short-term investments

 2,078

 537

 -

 -

 -

 2,615

 Separate account assets

 87,141

 5,657

 -

 -

 -

 92,798

 Total

 $

 91,645

 $

 225,760

 $

 35,870

 $

 (1,464)

 $

 (1,159)

 $

 350,652

 Liabilities:

 Policyholder contract deposits

 $

 -

 $

 14

 $

 4,136

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 4,150

    Derivative
 liabilities:

       Interest rate
 contracts

 2

 2,176

 22

 -

 -

 2,200

       Foreign exchange
 contracts

 -

 1,241

 4

 -

 -

 1,245

       Equity contracts

 2

 19

 -

 -

 -

 21

       Credit contracts

 -

 14

 263

 -

 -

 277

       Other contracts

 -

 -

 5

 -

 -

 5

       Counterparty
 netting and cash collateral

 -

 -

 -

 (1,464)

 (1,249)

 (2,713)

 Total derivative
 liabilities

 4

 3,450

 294

 (1,464)

 (1,249)

 1,035

 Long-term debt

 -

 2,888

 -

 -

 -

 2,888

 Other liabilities

 46

 43

 -

 -

 -

 89

 Total

 $

 50

 $

 6,395

 $

 4,430

 $

 (1,464)

 $

 (1,249)

 $

 8,162

(a)  Represents
netting of derivative exposures covered by qualifying master netting
agreements.

(b)  

As a result of the adoption of the Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities standard on January
1, 2018 (Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement Standard), equity
securities are no longer classified and accounted for as available for sale
securities.

(c)  Excludes
investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value (NAV) per
share (or its equivalent), which totaled $5.0 billion and $6.0 billion as of
December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

199

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

Transfers of Level 1 and Level 2
Assets and Liabilities

Our policy is to
record transfers of assets and liabilities between Level 1 and
Level 2 at their fair values as of the end of each reporting period,
consistent with the date of the determination of fair value. Assets are
transferred out of Level 1 when they are no longer transacted with
sufficient frequency and volume in an active market. Conversely, assets are
transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 when transaction volume and
frequency are indicative of an active market. 

During the year ended
December 31, 2017, we transferred $392 million of securities issued by non-U.S.
government entities from Level 1 to Level 2, because they are no longer
considered actively traded. We had no material transfers of securities issued
by non-U.S. government entities from Level 1 to Level 2 during the year ended
December 31, 2018. For similar reasons, during the years ended December 31,
2018 and 2017, we transferred $806 million and $113 million, respectively, of
securities issued by the U.S. government and government-sponsored entities from
Level 1 to Level 2. Additionally, we transferred $126 million of preferred
stock from Level 1 to Level 2 during the year ended December 31, 2017. We had
no material transfers of preferred stock from Level 1 to Level 2 during the
year ended December 31, 2018. There were no material transfers from
Level 2 to Level 1 during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.

200

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

Changes in Level 3 Recurring Fair Value Measurements

The following tables present changes during the years ended December
31, 2018 and 2017 in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a recurring basis, and the realized and unrealized gains (losses) related to
the Level 3 assets and liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December
31, 2018 and 2017:

 Net

 Changes
 in

 Realized
 and

 Unrealized
 Gains

 Unrealized

 Purchases,

 (Losses)
 Included

 Fair
 Value

 Gains
 (Losses)

 Other

 Sales,

 Gross

 Gross

 Fair
 Value

 in
 Income on

 Beginning

 Included

 Comprehensive

 Issuances
 and

 Transfers

 Transfers

 End

 Instruments
 Held

 (in millions)

 of
 Year

 in
 Income

 Income
 (Loss)

 Settlements,
 Net

 In

 Out

 Acquisitions

 of
 Year

 at End
 of Year

 December 31, 2018

 Assets:

 Bonds available for
 sale:

 Obligations of states,

 municipalities and

 political subdivisions

 $

 2,404

 $

 -

 $

 (152)

 $

 (66)

 $

 54

 $

 (240)

 $

 -

 $

 2,000

 $

 -

 Non-U.S. governments

 8

 (9)

 5

 (1)

 13

 (5)

 -

 11

 -

 Corporate debt

 1,173

 (74)

 (2)

 (207)

 780

 (806)

 -

 864

 -

 RMBS

 16,136

 838

 (300)

 (2,424)

 8

 (66)

 7

 14,199

 -

 CMBS

 624

 23

 (29)

 207

 111

 (20)

 1

 917

 -

 CDO/ABS

 8,651

 40

 (42)

 (371)

 1,783

 (1,123)

 164

 9,102

 -

 Total bonds available

 for sale

 28,996

 818

 (520)

 (2,862)

 2,749

 (2,260)

 172

 27,093

 -

 Other bond securities:

 Corporate debt

 18

 -

 -

 (18)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 RMBS

 1,464

 56

 -

 (280)

 50

 -

 -

 1,290

 (10)

 CMBS

 74

 (2)

 -

 (5)

 10

 -

 -

 77

 (5)

 CDO/ABS

 4,956

 428

 -

 (905)

 -

 (9)

 8

 4,478

 208

 Total other bond
 securities

 6,512

 482

 -

 (1,208)

 60

 (9)

 8

 5,845

 193

 Equity securities
(a)

 -

 (2)

 -

 24

 5

 -

 -

 27

 -

 Mortgage and other loans 

 receivable

 5

 -

 -

 (5)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Other invested assets

 250

 47

 2

 288

 -

 -

 -

 587

 71

 Other assets

 -

 -

 -

 58

 -

 -

 -

 58

 -

 Total

 $

 35,763

 $

 1,345

 $

 (518)

 $

 (3,705)

 $

 2,814

 $

 (2,269)

 $

 180

 $

 33,610

 $

 264

 Net

 Changes
 in

 Realized
 and

 Unrealized
 Gains

 Unrealized

 Purchases,

 (Losses)
 Included

 Fair
 Value

 (Gains)
 Losses

 Other

 Sales,

 Gross

 Gross

 Fair
 Value

 in
 Income on

 Beginning

 Included

 Comprehensive

 Issuances
 and

 Transfers

 Transfers

 End

 Instruments
 Held

 (in millions)

 of
 Year

 in
 Income

 Income
 (Loss)

 Settlements,
 Net

 In

 Out

 Acquisitions

 of
 Year

 at End
 of Year

 Liabilities:

 Policyholder contract
 deposits

 $

 4,136

 $

 (334)

 $

 -

 $

 314

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 4,116

 $

 495

 Derivative liabilities,
 net:

 Interest rate contracts

 22

 (1)

 -

 (6)

 -

 -

 -

 15

 1

 Foreign exchange

 contracts

 -

 (10)

 -

 5

 -

 -

 -

 (5)

 3

 Equity contracts

 (82)

 (22)

 -

 27

 -

 2

 -

 (75)

 (35)

 Credit contracts

 262

 (31)

 -

 (4)

 -

 -

 -

 227

 31

 Other contracts

 (15)

 (64)

 -

 70

 -

 -

 -

 (9)

 62

 Total derivative 

 liabilities, net

(b)

 187

 (128)

 -

 92

 -

 2

 -

 153

 62

 Long-term debt

(c)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Total

 $

 4,323

 $

 (462)

 $

 -

 $

 406

 $

 -

 $

 2

 $

 -

 $

 4,269

 $

 557

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

201

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

 Net

 Changes
 in

 Realized
 and

 Unrealized
 Gains

 Unrealized

 Purchases,

 (Losses)
 Included

 Fair
 Value

 Gains
 (Losses)

 Other

 Sales,

 Gross

 Gross

 Fair
 Value

 in
 Income on

 Beginning

 Included

 Comprehensive

 Issuances
 and

 Transfers

 Transfers

 End

 Instruments
 Held

 (in millions)

 of
 Year

 in
 Income

 Income
 (Loss)

 Settlements,
 Net

 In

 Out

 of
 Year

 at End
 of Year

 December 31, 2017

 Assets:

 Bonds available for sale:

 Obligations of states,

 municipalities and

 political subdivisions

 $

 2,040

 $

 5

 $

 167

 $

 216

 $

 8

 $

 (32)

 $

 2,404

 $

 -

       Non-U.S. governments

 17

 (9)

 9

 (9)

 -

 -

 8

 -

       Corporate debt

 1,133

 (3)

 20

 (259)

 886

 (604)

 1,173

 -

       RMBS

 16,906

 1,071

 942

 (2,763)

 19

 (39)

 16,136

 -

       CMBS

 2,040

 35

 11

 (748)

 20

 (734)

 624

 -

       CDO/ABS

 7,835

 (19)

 155

 743

 -

 (63)

 8,651

 -

 Total bonds available

 for sale

 29,971

 1,080

 1,304

 (2,820)

 933

 (1,472)

 28,996

 -

 Other bond securities:

       Corporate debt

 17

 3

 -

 10

 -

 (12)

 18

 1

       RMBS

 1,605

 191

 -

 (313)

 14

 (33)

 1,464

 113

       CMBS

 155

 4

 -

 24

 9

 (118)

 74

 5

       CDO/ABS

 5,703

 841

 -

 (1,582)

 -

 (6)

 4,956

 362

 Total other bond securities

 7,480

 1,039

 -

 (1,861)

 23

 (169)

 6,512

 481

 Equity securities available

 for sale:

       Common stock

 -

 -

 -

 1

 -

 (1)

 -

 -

 Total equity securities

 available for sale

 -

 -

 -

 1

 -

 (1)

 -

 -

    Other equity securities

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

    Mortgage and other loans

 receivable

 11

 -

 -

 (6)

 -

 -

 5

 -

    Other invested assets

 204

 14

 (6)

 39

 -

 (1)

 250

 6

 Total

 $

 37,666

 $

 2,133

 $

 1,298

 $

 (4,647)

 $

 956

 $

 (1,643)

 $

 35,763

 $

 487

 Net

 Changes
 in

 Realized
 and

 Unrealized
 Gains

 Unrealized

 Purchases,

 (Losses)
 Included

 Fair
 Value

 (Gains)
 Losses

 Other

 Sales,

 Gross

 Gross

 Fair
 Value

 in
 Income on

 Beginning

 Included

 Comprehensive

 Issuances
 and

 Transfers

 Transfers

 End

 Instruments
 Held

 (in millions)

 of
 Year

 in
 Income

 Income
 (Loss)

 Settlements,
 Net

 In

 Out

 of
 Year

 at End
 of Year

 Liabilities:

    Policyholder contract

       deposits

 $

 3,033

 $

 807

 $

 -

 $

 296

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 4,136

 $

 (499)

    Derivative liabilities, net:

       Interest rate contracts

 38

 (5)

 -

 (11)

 -

 -

 22

 5

       Foreign exchange

          contracts

 11

 (2)

 -

 (9)

 -

 -

 -

 3

       Equity contracts

 (58)

 (41)

 -

 17

 -

 -

 (82)

 35

       Credit contracts

 329

 (62)

 -

 (5)

 -

 -

 262

 61

       Other contracts

 (11)

 (74)

 -

 73

 (3)

 -

 (15)

 77

 Total derivatives

 liabilities, net

(b)

 309

 (184)

 -

 65

 (3)

 -

 187

 181

    Long-term debt

(c)

 71

 16

 -

 (87)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Total

 $

 3,413

 $

 639

 $

 -

 $

 274

 $

 (3)

 $

 -

 $

 4,323

 $

 (318)

(a)  As a
result of the adoption of the Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement
Standard on January 1, 2018, equity securities are no longer classified and
accounted for as available for sale securities.

202

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

(b)  Total Level 3 derivative exposures have been
netted in these tables for presentation purposes only.

(c)  Includes
guaranteed investment agreements (GIAs), notes, bonds, loans and mortgages
payable.

Net realized and unrealized gains and losses included in income
related to Level 3 assets and liabilities shown above are reported in the
Consolidated Statements of Income as follows:

 Net

 Net
 Realized

 Investment

 Capital

 Other

 (in millions)

 Income

 Gains
 (Losses)

 Income

 Total

 December 31, 2018

 Assets:

    Bonds available for sale

 $

 987

 $

 (165)

 $

 (4)

 $

 818

    Other bond securities

 92

 (3)

 393

 482

    Equity securities

 (2)

 -

 -

 (2)

    Other invested assets

 57

 -

 (10)

 47

 December 31, 2017

 Assets:

    Bonds available for sale

 $

 1,127

 $

 (49)

 $

 2

 $

 1,080

    Other bond securities

 308

 -

 731

 1,039

    Other invested assets

 9

 6

 (1)

 14

 Net

 Net
 Realized

 Investment

 Capital

 Other

 (in millions)

 Income

 (Gains)
 Losses

 Income

 Total

 December 31, 2018

 Liabilities:

    Policyholder contract deposits

 -

 (334)

 -

 (334)

    Derivative liabilities, net

 -

 5

 (133)

 (128)

    Long-term debt

 -

 -

 -

 -

 December 31, 2017

 Liabilities:

    Policyholder contract deposits

 -

 807

 -

 807

    Derivative liabilities, net

 -

 (17)

 (167)

 (184)

    Long-term debt

 -

 -

 16

 16

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

203

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

The following table presents the gross components
of purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, net, shown above for years
ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 related to Level 3 assets and liabilities in
the Consolidated Balance Sheet:

 Purchases,
 Sales,

 Issuances
 and

 Issuances
 and

 (in millions)

 Purchases

 Sales

 Settlements
(a)

 Settlements,
 Net
(a)

 December 31, 2018

 Assets:

    Bonds available for
 sale:

       Obligations of
 states, municipalities and political subdivisions

 $

 105

 $

 (8)

 $

 (163)

 $

 (66)

       Non-U.S.
 governments

 5

 -

 (6)

 (1)

       Corporate debt

 280

 (216)

 (271)

 (207)

       RMBS

 715

 (20)

 (3,119)

 (2,424)

       CMBS

 277

 (2)

 (68)

 207

       CDO/ABS

 1,865

 (1,073)

 (1,163)

 (371)

 Total bonds available
 for sale

 3,247

 (1,319)

 (4,790)

 (2,862)

    Other bond
 securities:

       Corporate debt

 -

 -

 (18)

 (18)

       RMBS

 1

 (34)

 (247)

 (280)

       CMBS

 -

 -

 (5)

 (5)

       CDO/ABS

 90

 (4)

 (991)

 (905)

 Total other bond
 securities

 91

 (38)

 (1,261)

 (1,208)

    Equity securities

 49

 -

 (25)

 24

    Mortgage and other
 loans receivable

 -

 (5)

 -

 (5)

    Other invested assets

 350

 (29)

 (33)

 288

    Other assets

 -

 -

 58

 58

 Total assets

 $

 3,737

 $

 (1,391)

 $

 (6,051)

 $

 (3,705)

 Liabilities:

    Policyholder contract
 deposits

 $

 -

 $

 533

 $

 (219)

 $

 314

    Derivative
 liabilities, net

 (52)

 80

 64

 92

    Long-term debt
(b)

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Total liabilities

 $

 (52)

 $

 613

 $

 (155)

 $

 406

 December 31, 2017

 Assets:

    Bonds available for
 sale:

       Obligations of
 states, municipalities and political subdivisions

 $

 286

 $

 (16)

 $

 (54)

 $

 216

       Non-U.S.
 governments

 9

 (1)

 (17)

 (9)

       Corporate debt

 36

 (59)

 (236)

 (259)

       RMBS

 1,199

 (260)

 (3,702)

 (2,763)

       CMBS

 75

 (146)

 (677)

 (748)

       CDO/ABS

 2,099

 (243)

 (1,113)

 743

 Total bonds available
 for sale

 3,704

 (725)

 (5,799)

 (2,820)

    Other bond
 securities:

       Corporate debt

 11

 -

 (1)

 10

       RMBS

 167

 (218)

 (262)

 (313)

       CMBS

 42

 (11)

 (7)

 24

       CDO/ABS

 9

 (65)

 (1,526)

 (1,582)

 Total other bond
 securities

 229

 (294)

 (1,796)

 (1,861)

    Equity securities
 available for sale

 13

 -

 (12)

 1

    Other equity
 securities

 -

 -

 -

 -

    Mortgage and other
 loans receivable

 -

 (6)

 -

 (6)

    Other invested assets

 107

 (46)

 (22)

 39

 Total assets

 $

 4,053

 $

 (1,071)

 $

 (7,629)

 $

 (4,647)

 Liabilities:

    Policyholder contract
 deposits

 $

 -

 $

 344

 $

 (48)

 $

 296

    Derivative
 liabilities, net

 (4)

 -

 69

 65

    Long-term debt
(b)

 -

 -

 (87)

 (87)

 Total liabilities

 $

 (4)

 $

 344

 $

 (66)

 $

 274

(a)  There
were no issuances during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.

(b)  Includes
GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable.   

204

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

Both observable and unobservable inputs may be used to
determine the fair values of positions classified in Level 3 in the tables
above. As a result, the unrealized gains (losses) on instruments held at December
31, 2018 and 2017 may include changes in fair value that were attributable to
both observable (e.g., changes in market interest rates) and unobservable inputs
(e.g., changes in unobservable long-dated volatilities).

Transfers of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities

We
record transfers of assets and liabilities into or out of Level 3
classification at their fair values as of the end of each reporting period,
consistent with the date of the determination of fair value. The Net realized
and unrealized gains (losses) included in income (loss) or Other comprehensive
income (loss) as shown in the table above excludes $33 million of net
gains and $64 million of net losses related to assets and liabilities
transferred into Level 3 during 

2018

 and 2017, respectively, and includes $18 million and
$36 million of net losses related to assets and liabilities transferred out of
Level 3 during 

2018

 and 2017, respectively.

Transfers of Level 3 Assets

During
the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, transfers into Level 3 assets
primarily included certain investments in private placement corporate debt,
RMBS, CMBS and CDO/ABS. Transfers of private placement corporate debt and
certain ABS into Level 3 assets were primarily the result of limited
market pricing information that required us to determine fair value for these
securities based on inputs that are adjusted to better reflect our own
assumptions regarding the characteristics of a specific security or associated
market liquidity. The transfers of investments in RMBS, CMBS and CDO and
certain ABS into Level 3 assets were due to decreases in market transparency
and liquidity for individual security types. 

During the years
ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, transfers out of Level 3 assets primarily
included private placement and other corporate debt, CMBS, RMBS, CDO/ABS and certain
investments in municipal securities. Transfers of certain investments in
municipal securities, corporate debt, RMBS, CMBS and CDO/ABS out of Level 3
assets were based on consideration of market liquidity as well as related
transparency of pricing and associated observable inputs for these investments.
Transfers of certain investments in private placement corporate debt and
certain ABS out of Level 3 assets were primarily the result of using
observable pricing information that reflects the fair value of those securities
without the need for adjustment based on our own assumptions regarding the
characteristics of a specific security or the current liquidity in the market. 

Transfers of Level 3 Liabilities

There
were no significant transfers of derivative or other liabilities into or out of
Level 3 for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

205

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair
Value Measurements

The table below presents information about the significant
unobservable inputs used for recurring fair value measurements for certain
Level 3 instruments, and includes only those instruments for which information about
the inputs is reasonably available to us, such as data from independent
third-party valuation service providers and from internal valuation models.
Because input information from third-parties with respect to certain Level 3
instruments (primarily CDO/ABS) may not be reasonably available to us, balances
shown below may not equal total amounts reported for such Level 3 assets and
liabilities:

 Fair
 Value at 

 December
 31,

 Valuation

 Range

 (in millions)

 2018

 Technique

 Unobservable
 Input
(b)

 (Weighted
 Average)

 Assets:

 Obligations of states,

    municipalities and

    political subdivisions

 $

 1,473

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Yield

 3.91%
 - 5.00% (4.46%)

 Corporate debt

 445

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Yield

 4.35%
 - 5.99% (5.17%)

 RMBS(a)

 13,608

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Constant
 prepayment rate

 4.58%
 - 14.00% (9.29%)

 Loss
 severity

 39.66%
 - 74.40% (57.03%)

 Constant
 default rate

 2.46%
 - 7.39% (4.92%)

 Yield

 3.31%
 - 5.50% (4.40%)

 CDO/ABS
(a)

 5,461

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Yield

 3.65%
 - 5.10% (4.37%)

 CMBS

 447

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Yield

 3.29%
 - 6.07% (4.68%)

 Liabilities:

 Embedded derivatives

    within Policyholder

    contract deposits:

 Guaranteed minimum

 withdrawal benefits

 (GMWB)

 1,943

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Equity
 volatility

 6.05%
 - 47.65%

 Base
 lapse rate

 0.16%
 - 12.60%

 Dynamic
 lapse multiplier

 20.00%
 - 180.00%

 Mortality
 multiplier
(c)

 40.00%
 - 153.00%

 Utilization

 90.00%
 - 100.00%

 Equity /
 interest rate correlation

 20.00%
 - 40.00%

 Index Annuities

 1,778

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Lapse
 rate

 0.50%
 - 40.00%

 Mortality
 multiplier
(c)

 42.00%
 - 162.00%

 Option
 Budget

 1.00%
 - 3.00%

 Indexed Life

 374

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Base
 lapse rate

 0.00%
 - 13.00%

 Mortality
 rate

 0.00%
 - 100.00%

206

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

 Fair
 Value at

 December
 31,

 Valuation

 Range

 (in millions)

 2017

 Technique

 Unobservable
 Input
(b)

 (Weighted
 Average)

 Assets:

 Obligations of states,

    municipalities and

    political subdivisions

 $

 1,620

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Yield

  3.55% -
 4.32% (3.94%) 

 Corporate debt

 1,086

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Yield

 3.26% -
 12.22% (7.74%)

 RMBS(a)

 16,156

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Constant
 prepayment rate

  3.97% -
 13.42% (8.69%)

 Loss
 severity

  43.15%
 - 77.15% (60.15%)

 Constant
 default rate

  3.31% -
 8.30% (5.80%) 

 Yield

  2.73% -
 5.19% (3.96%) 

 CDO/ABS(a)

 5,254

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Yield

 3.38% - 4.78%
 (4.08%)

 CMBS

 487

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Yield

 2.22% -
 7.77% (4.99%)

 Liabilities:

 Embedded derivatives

    within Policyholder

     contract deposits:

 GMWB 

 1,994

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Equity volatility

  6.45% -
 51.25% 

 Base
 lapse rate

  0.35% -
 14.00% 

 Dynamic
 lapse multiplier

  30.00%
 - 170.00% 

 Mortality
 multiplier
(c)

  40.00%
 - 153.00% 

 Utilization

 90.00% -
 100.00%

 Equity /
 interest rate correlation

  20.00%
 - 40.00% 

 Index Annuities

 1,603

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Lapse
 rate

  0.50% -
 40.00% 

 Mortality
 multiplier
(c)

  42.00%
 - 162.00% 

 Option
 Budget

  1.00% -
 4.00% 

 Indexed Life

 515

 Discounted
 cash flow

 Base
 lapse rate

  2.00% -
 19.00% 

 Mortality
 rate

  0.00% -
 40.00% 

(a)  Information
received from third-party valuation service providers.  The ranges of the
unobservable inputs for constant prepayment rate, loss severity and constant
default rate relate to each of the individual underlying mortgage loans that
comprise the entire portfolio of securities in the RMBS and CDO securitization
vehicles and not necessarily to the securitization vehicle bonds (tranches)
purchased by us. The ranges of these inputs do not directly correlate to
changes in the fair values of the tranches purchased by us, because there are
other factors relevant to the fair values of specific tranches owned by us including,
but not limited to, purchase price, position in the waterfall, senior versus
subordinated position and attachment points.

(b)  Represents
discount rates, estimates and assumptions that we believe would be used by
market participants when valuing these assets and liabilities.

(c)  Mortality
inputs are shown as multipliers of the 2012 Individual Annuity Mortality Basic
table.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

207

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

The ranges of reported inputs for Obligations of states,
municipalities and political subdivisions, Corporate debt, RMBS, CDO/ABS, and
CMBS valued using a discounted cash flow technique consist of one standard
deviation in either direction from the value‑weighted average. The
preceding table does not give effect to our risk management practices that
might offset risks inherent in these Level 3 assets and liabilities.

Sensitivity to Changes in Unobservable Inputs

We
consider unobservable inputs to be those for which market data is not available
and that are developed using the best information available to us about the
assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or
liability. Relevant inputs vary depending on the nature of the instrument being
measured at fair value. The following paragraphs provide a general description
of sensitivities of significant unobservable inputs along with
interrelationships between and among the significant unobservable inputs and
their impact on the fair value measurements. The effect of a change in a
particular assumption in the sensitivity analysis below is considered
independently of changes in any other assumptions. In practice, simultaneous
changes in assumptions may not always have a linear effect on the inputs
discussed below. Interrelationships may also exist between observable and
unobservable inputs. Such relationships have not been included in the
discussion below. For each of the individual relationships described below, the
inverse relationship would also generally apply.

Obligations of States, Municipalities and Political Subdivisions

The
significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of certain
investments in obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions
is yield.  In general, increases in the yield would decrease the fair
value of investments in obligations of states, municipalities and political
subdivisions.

Corporate Debt

Corporate
debt securities included in Level 3 are primarily private placement
issuances that are not traded in active markets or that are subject to transfer
restrictions. Fair value measurements consider illiquidity and
non-transferability. When observable price quotations are not available, fair
value is determined based on discounted cash flow models using discount rates
based on credit spreads, yields or price levels of publicly‑traded debt
of the issuer or other comparable securities, considering illiquidity and
structure. The significant unobservable input used in the fair value
measurement of corporate debt is the yield. The yield is affected by the market
movements in credit spreads and U.S. Treasury yields. In addition, the
migration in credit quality of a given security generally has a corresponding
effect on the fair value measurement of the security. For example, a downward
migration of credit quality would increase spreads. Holding U.S. Treasury rates
constant, an increase in corporate credit spreads would decrease the fair value
of corporate debt.  

RMBS and CDO/ABS

The
significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurements of RMBS and
certain CDO/ABS valued by third‑party valuation service providers are
constant prepayment rates (CPR), loss severity, constant default rates (CDR)
and yield. A change in the assumptions used for the probability of default will
generally be accompanied by a corresponding change in the assumption used for
the loss severity and an inverse change in the assumption used for prepayment
rates. In general, increases in CPR, loss severity, CDR and yield, in
isolation, would result in a decrease in the fair value measurement. Changes in
fair value based on variations in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated
because the relationship between the directional change of each input is not
usually linear.

CMBS

The
significant unobservable input used in fair value measurements for CMBS is the
yield.  Prepayment assumptions for each mortgage pool are factored into the
yield.  CMBS generally feature a lower degree of prepayment risk than RMBS
because commercial mortgages generally contain a penalty for prepayment. In
general, increases in the yield would decrease the fair value of CMBS.

208

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

Embedded derivatives within Policyholder contract
deposits

Embedded derivatives reported within Policyholder contract
deposits include GMWB within variable annuity products and interest crediting
rates based on market indices within index annuities, indexed life and
guaranteed investment contracts (GICs).  For any given contract, assumptions
for unobservable inputs vary throughout the period over which cash flows are
projected for purposes of valuing the embedded derivative. The following
unobservable inputs are used for valuing embedded derivatives measured at fair
value:

•

Long-term equity
volatilities

 represent equity
volatility beyond the period for which observable equity volatilities are
available. Increases in assumed volatility will generally increase the fair
value of both the projected cash flows from rider fees as well as the projected
cash flows related to benefit payments

. Therefore, the net change in the fair value of the liability may
be either a decrease or an increase, depending on the relative changes in
projected rider fees and projected benefit payments. 

•

Equity / interest rate
correlation estimates the relationship between changes in equity returns and
interest rates in the economic scenario generator used to value our GMWB
embedded derivatives.  In general, a higher positive correlation assumes that
equity markets and interest rates move in a more correlated fashion, which
generally increases the fair value of the liability.  

•

Base lapse rate
assumptions are determined by company experience and are adjusted at the
contract level using a dynamic lapse function, which reduces the base lapse
rate when the contract is in-the-money (when the contract holder’s guaranteed
value, as estimated by the company, is worth more than their underlying account
value). Lapse rates are also generally assumed to be lower in periods when a
surrender charge applies. Increases in assumed lapse rates will generally
decrease the fair value of the liability, as fewer policyholders would persist
to collect guaranteed withdrawal amounts. 

•

Mortality rate
assumptions, which

 vary by age
and gender, are based on company experience and include a mortality improvement
assumption. Increases in assumed mortality rates will decrease the fair value
of the liability, while lower mortality rate assumptions will generally
increase the fair value of the liability, because guaranteed payments will be
made for a longer period of time. 

•

Utilization assumptions

 estimate the timing when policyholders
with a GMWB will elect to utilize their benefit and begin taking withdrawals.
The assumptions may vary by the type of guarantee, tax-qualified status, the
contract’s withdrawal history and the age of the policyholder. Utilization
assumptions are based on company experience, which includes partial withdrawal
behavior. Increases in assumed utilization rates will generally increase the
fair value of the liability.

•

Option budget estimates
the expected long-term cost of options used to hedge exposures associated with
equity price changes. The level of option budgets determines future costs of
the options, which impacts the growth in account value and the valuation of
embedded derivatives.                                          

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

209

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

Investments in Certain Entities Carried at Fair
Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share

The following table includes information related to our investments
in certain other invested assets, including private equity funds, hedge funds
and other alternative investments that calculate net asset value per share (or
its equivalent). For these investments, which are measured at fair value on a
recurring basis, we use the net asset value per share to measure fair value.

 December
 31, 2018

 December
 31, 2017

 Fair
 Value

 Fair
 Value

 Using
 NAV

 Using
 NAV

 Per
 Share (or

 Unfunded

 Per
 Share (or

 Unfunded

 (in millions)

 Investment Category Includes

 its
 equivalent)

 Commitments

 its
 equivalent)

 Commitments

 Investment Category*

 Private equity funds:

 Leveraged buyout

 Debt and/or equity investments made as part of a transaction in
 which assets of mature companies are acquired from the current shareholders,
 typically with the use of financial leverage

 $

 847

 $

 1,327

 $

 1,243

 $

 706

 Real Estate / 

   Infrastructure

 Investments in real estate properties and infrastructure
 positions, including power plants and other energy generating facilities

 190

 83

 210

 187

 Venture capital

 Early-stage, high-potential, growth companies expected to
 generate a return through an eventual realization event, such as an initial
 public offering or sale of the company

 126

 127

 134

 73

 Growth Equity

 Funds that make investments in established companies for the
 purpose of growing their businesses

 362

 28

 215

 73

 Mezzanine

 Funds that make investments in the junior debt and equity
 securities of leveraged companies

 211

 75

 171

 135

 Other

 Includes distressed funds that invest in securities of companies
 that are in default or under bankruptcy protection, as well as funds that
 have multi-strategy, and other strategies

 514

 307

 155

 53

 Total private equity funds

 2,250

 1,947

 2,128

 1,227

 Hedge funds:

 Event-driven

 Securities of companies undergoing material structural changes,
 including mergers, acquisitions and other reorganizations

 787

 -

 1,128

 -

 Long-short

 Securities that the manager believes are undervalued, with
 corresponding short positions to hedge market risk

 863

 -

 1,233

 -

 Macro

 Investments that take long and short positions in financial
 instruments based on a top-down view of certain economic and capital market
 conditions

 887

 -

 1,011

 -

 Distressed

 Securities of companies that are in default, under bankruptcy
 protection or troubled  

 21

 8

 266

 8

 Other

 Includes investments held in funds that are less liquid, as well
 as other strategies which allow for broader allocation between public and
 private investments

 158

 1

 231

 4

 Total hedge funds

 2,716

 9

 3,869

 12

 Total

 $

 4,966

 $

 1,956

 $

 5,997

 $

 1,239

*  Beginning in the third quarter of 2018, Growth Equity and
Mezzanine private equity fund categories are shown separately. Prior
periods were revised to conform to the current period presentation. 

210

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

Private equity fund investments included above are not
redeemable, because distributions from the funds will be received when
underlying investments of the funds are liquidated. Private equity funds are
generally expected to have 10-year lives at their inception, but these lives
may be extended at the fund manager’s discretion, typically in one or two-year
increments. At December 31, 2018, assuming average original expected lives of
10 years for the funds, 14 percent of the total fair value using net
asset value per share (or its equivalent) presented above would have expected
remaining lives of three years or less, 43 percent between four and six years
and 43 percent between seven and 10 years.

The hedge fund
investments included above, which are carried at fair value, are generally
redeemable monthly (35 percent), quarterly (32 percent), semi-annually (9 percent)
and annually (24 percent), with redemption notices ranging from one day to
180 days. At December 31, 2018, investments representing approximately 51
percent of the total fair value of these hedge fund investments had partial
contractual redemption restrictions. These partial redemption restrictions are
generally related to one or more investments held in the hedge funds that the
fund manager deemed to be illiquid. The majority of these contractual
restrictions, which may have been put in place at the fund’s inception or
thereafter, have pre-defined end dates. The majority of these restrictions are
generally expected to be lifted by the end of 2019.

Fair Value Option

Under the fair
value option, we may elect to measure at fair value financial assets and
financial liabilities that are not otherwise required to be carried at fair
value. Subsequent changes in fair value for designated items are reported in
earnings. We elect the fair value option for certain hybrid securities given
the complexity of bifurcating the economic components associated with the
embedded derivatives. 

For
additional information related to embedded derivatives refer to Note 11 herein.

Additionally, we
elect the fair value option for certain alternative investments when such
investments are eligible for this election. We believe this measurement basis
is consistent with the applicable accounting guidance used by the respective
investment company funds themselves.

For
additional information on securities and other invested assets for which we
have elected the fair value option refer to Note 6 herein.

The following table presents the gains or losses recorded related
to the eligible instruments for which we elected the fair value option:

 Years Ended December 31,

 Gain
 (Loss)

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Assets:

    Bond and equity securities

 $

 343

 $

 1,646

 $

 447

    Alternative investments
(a)

 213

 509

 28

    Other, including Short-term
 investments

 -

 1

 -

 Liabilities:

    Long-term debt
(b)

 (1)

 (49)

 (9)

    Other liabilities

 -

 (2)

 -

 Total gain

 $

 555

 $

 2,105

 $

 466

(a)  Includes
certain hedge funds, private equity funds and other investment partnerships.

(b)  Includes
GIAs, notes, bonds and mortgages payable.

Interest
income and dividend income on assets measured under the fair value option are
recognized and included in Net investment income in the Consolidated Statements
of Income with the exception of activity within AIG’s Other Operations
category, which is included in Other income. Interest expense on liabilities
measured under the fair value option is reported in Other Income in the
Consolidated Statements of Income. 

For
additional information about our policies for recognition, measurement, and
disclosure of interest and dividend income

 see Note 6 

herein.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

211

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

During 2017 and

 2016

, we recognized gains
of $4 million and $22 million, respectively, attributable to the
observable effect of changes in credit spreads on our own liabilities for which
the fair value option was elected. We calculate the effect of these credit
spread changes using discounted cash flow techniques that incorporate current
market interest rates, our observable credit spreads on these liabilities and
other factors that mitigate the risk of nonperformance such as cash collateral
posted. 

As a result of
the adoption of the Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement Standard
on January 1, 2018, we are required to record unrealized gains and losses
attributable to the observable effect of changes in credit spreads on our
liabilities for which the fair value option was elected in Other Comprehensive
Income. An unrealized gain of $4 million was recognized in Other Comprehensive
Income for year ended December 31, 2018.

The following table presents the difference between fair values
and the aggregate contractual principal amounts of mortgage and other loans receivable
and long-term debt for which the fair value option was elected:

 December
 31, 2018

 December
 31, 2017

 Outstanding

 Outstanding

 (in millions)

 Fair
 Value

 Principal
 Amount

 Difference

 Fair
 Value

 Principal
 Amount

 Difference

 Assets:

    Mortgage and other loans
 receivable

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 5

 $

 5

 $

 -

 Liabilities:

    Long-term debt*

 $

 2,213

 $

 1,653

 $

 560

 $

 2,888

 $

 2,280

 $

 608

*    Includes
GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable. 

There
were no mortgage or other loans receivable for which the fair value option was
elected that were 90 days or more past due or in non-accrual status at
December 31, 2018 or 2017.

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS ON A NON-RECURRING BASIS

We measure the
fair value of certain assets on a non-recurring basis, generally quarterly,
annually or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the assets may not be recoverable. These assets include cost and
equity-method investments, commercial mortgage loans, investments in life
settlements, investments in real estate and other fixed assets, goodwill and
other intangible assets. 

For
additional information about how we test various asset classes for impairment
see Notes 6 and 7 herein.

Information
regarding the estimation of fair value for financial instruments measured at
fair value on a non-recurring basis is discussed below:

•

Impairments for Other
investments for the period ended December 31, 2016 primarily relate to certain
investments in aircraft, the fair values of which are determined based on
third-party independent appraisals that use industry specific appraisal
standards and methodologies. Impairments for Other investments for the period
ended December 31, 2017 primarily relate to commercial mortgage loans, the fair
values of which are determined based on independent broker quotations or
valuation models using unobservable inputs, as well as the estimated fair value
of the underlying collateral or the present value of the expected future cash
flows.  The rest of the impairments relate to real estate investments, the fair
values of which are determined based on third-party independent appraisals or
discounted cash-flow models, as well as certain investments in aircraft, the
fair values of which are determined based on third-party independent appraisals
that use industry-specific appraisal standards and methodologies. Impairments
for Other investments for the period ended December 31, 2018 primarily relate
to real estate investments as well as commercial mortgage loans, the fair value
determination for which is discussed above under the heading Valuation
Methodologies of Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value. 

•

Impairments of
Investments in Life Settlements were measured using their fair values as
determined using a discounted cash flow methodology that incorporates the best
available market assumptions for mortality as well as market yields based on
reported transactions or the anticipated sale price, as appropriate. We sold
the remaining portion of our life settlements portfolio in 2017.

212

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

The following
table presents assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at the
time of impairment and the related impairment charges recorded during the
periods presented:

 Assets
 at Fair Value

 Impairment
 Charges(a)

 Non-Recurring
 Basis

 December
 31,

 (in millions)

  Level
 1

 Level 2 

 Level 3 

 Total 

 2018

 2017

 2016

 December 31, 2018

    Other investments

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 315

 $

 315

 $

 97

 $

 77

 $

 76

    Investments in life settlements

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 360

 397

    Other assets

 -

 -

 11

 11

 64

 157

 19

 Total

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 326

 $

 326

 $

 161

 $

 594

 $

 492

 December 31, 2017

    Other investments

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 55

 $

 55

    Investments in life settlements

 -

 -

 -

 -

    Other assets

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Total

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 55

 $

 55

(a)  Impairments
in 2017 included $35 million related to Other assets of $179 million that were
sold during the three-month period ended June 30, 2017. 

FAIR VALUE INFORMATION ABOUT FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS NOT MEASURED AT
FAIR VALUE

Information
regarding the estimation of fair value for financial instruments not carried at
fair value (excluding insurance contracts and lease contracts) is discussed
below:

•

Mortgage
and other loans receivable:

Fair values of loans on commercial real estate and other loans receivable are
estimated for disclosure purposes using discounted cash flow calculations based
on discount rates that we believe market participants would use in determining
the price that they would pay for such assets. For certain loans, our current
incremental lending rates for similar types of loans are used as the discount
rates, because we believe this rate approximates the rates market participants
would use. Fair values of residential mortgage loans are generally determined
based on market prices, using market based adjustments for credit and servicing
as appropriate.  The fair values of policy loans are generally estimated based
on unpaid principal amount as of each reporting date. No consideration is given
to credit risk because policy loans are effectively collateralized by the cash
surrender value of the policies.

•

Other
invested assets:

The majority of Other invested assets that
are not measured at fair value in 2016 represent investments in life
settlements. The fair value of investments in life settlements is determined
using a discounted cash flow methodology that incorporates the best available
market assumptions for longevity as well as market yields based on reported
transactions. Due to the individual life nature of each investment in life
settlements and the illiquidity of the existing market, significant inputs to
the fair value are unobservable. The majority of the Other invested assets that
are not measured at fair value in 2017 and 2018 represent time deposits with
the original maturity at purchase greater than one year. The fair value of
long-term time deposits is determined using the expected discounted future cash
flow.

•

Cash
and short-term investments:

The carrying amounts of these
assets approximate fair values because of the relatively short period of time
between origination and expected realization, and their limited exposure to
credit risk.

•

Policyholder
contract deposits associated with investment-type contracts:

Fair values for policyholder contract deposits associated with
investment-type contracts not accounted for at fair value are estimated using
discounted cash flow calculations based on interest rates currently being
offered for similar contracts with maturities consistent with those of the
contracts being valued. When no similar contracts are being offered, the discount
rate is the appropriate swap rate (if available) or current risk-free interest
rate consistent with the currency in which the cash flows are denominated.  To
determine fair value, other factors include current policyholder account values
and related surrender charges and other assumptions include expectations about
policyholder behavior and an appropriate risk margin.

•

Other
liabilities:

The majority of Other liabilities that are
financial instruments not measured at fair value represent secured financing
arrangements, including repurchase agreements.  The carrying amounts of these
liabilities approximate fair value, because the financing arrangements are
short-term and are secured by cash or other liquid collateral.

•

Long-term
debt:

Fair values of these obligations were
determined by reference to quoted market prices, when available and
appropriate, or discounted cash flow calculations based upon our current market‑observable
implicit‑credit‑spread rates for similar types of borrowings with
maturities consistent with those remaining for the debt being valued.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

213

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8
|

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

5.
Fair Value Measurements

The following table presents the carrying
amounts and estimated fair values of our financial instruments not measured at
fair value and indicates the level in the fair value hierarchy of the estimated
fair value measurement based on the observability of the inputs used:

 Estimated Fair Value

 Carrying

 (in millions)

 Level
 1

 Level
 2

 Level
 3

 Total

 Value

 December 31, 2018

 Assets:

    Mortgage and other
 loans receivable

 $

 -

 $

 105

 $

 43,522

 $

 43,627

 $

 43,135

    Other invested assets

 -

 731

 6

 737

 737

    Short-term investments

 -

 6,659

 -

 6,659

 6,659

    Cash

 2,873

 -

 -

 2,873

 2,873

 Other assets

 308

 35

 -

 343

 343

 Liabilities:

    Policyholder contract
 deposits associated

       with
 investment-type contracts

 -

 339

 121,035

 121,374

 120,602

    Other liabilities

 -

 1,154

 -

 1,154

 1,154

    Long-term debt

 -

 22,822

 8,775

 31,597

 32,327

 December 31, 2017

 Assets:

    Mortgage and other
 loans receivable

 $

 -

 $

 117

 $

 37,644

 $

 37,761

 $

 37,018

    Other invested assets

 -

 590

 6

 596

 593

    Short-term investments

 -

 7,771

 -

 7,771

 7,771

    Cash

 2,362

 -

 -

 2,362

 2,362

 Liabilities:

    Policyholder contract
 deposits associated

       with
 investment-type contracts

 -

 387

 121,809

 122,196

 114,326

    Other liabilities

 -

 4,494

 -

 4,494

 4,494

    Long-term debt

 -

 23,930

 4,313

 28,243

 28,752

6. Investments

Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities

Bonds held to
maturity are carried at amortized cost when we have the ability and positive
intent to hold these securities until maturity. When we do not have the ability
or positive intent to hold bonds until maturity, these securities are
classified as available for sale or are measured at fair value at our election.
None of our fixed maturity securities met the criteria for held to maturity
classification at December 31, 2018 or 2017.

On January 1,
2018, AIG adopted ASU 2016-01, the Financial Instruments Recognition and
Measurement standard for equity securities which eliminates the available for
sale classification and treatment for equity securities.  As a result, equity
securities that do not follow the equity method of accounting, are measured at
fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings.

Prior to the
adoption of this standard, unrealized gains and losses from available for sale
investments in fixed maturity and equity securities carried at fair value were
reported as a separate component of Accumulated other comprehensive income, net
of deferred policy acquisition costs and deferred income taxes, in
shareholders’ equity. Realized and unrealized gains and losses from fixed
maturity and equity securities measured at fair value at our election are
reflected in Net investment income (for insurance subsidiaries) or Other income
(for Other Operations). Investments in fixed maturity and equity securities are
recorded on a trade-date basis.

Premiums and
discounts arising from the purchase of bonds classified as available for sale
are treated as yield adjustments over their estimated holding periods, until
maturity, or call date, if applicable. For investments in certain RMBS, CMBS
and CDO/ABS, (collectively, structured securities), recognized yields are
updated based on current information regarding the timing and amount of
expected undiscounted future cash flows. For high credit quality structured
securities, effective yields are recalculated based on actual payments received
and updated prepayment expectations, and the amortized cost is adjusted to the
amount that would have existed had the new effective yield been applied since
acquisition with a corresponding charge or credit to net investment income. For
structured securities that are not high credit quality, effective yields are
recalculated and adjusted prospectively based on changes in expected
undiscounted future cash flows. For purchased credit impaired (PCI) securities,
at acquisition, the difference between the 

214

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

6.
Investments

undiscounted
expected future cash flows and the recorded investment in the securities
represents the initial accretable yield, which is to be accreted into net
investment income over the securities’ remaining lives on an effective level‑yield
basis. Subsequently, effective yields recognized on PCI securities are
recalculated and adjusted prospectively to reflect changes in the contractual
benchmark interest rates on variable rate securities and any significant
increases in undiscounted expected future cash flows arising due to reasons
other than interest rate changes.

Securities Available for Sale

The following table presents the amortized cost or cost and fair
value of our available for sale securities(a):       

 Other-Than-

 Amortized

 Gross

 Gross

 Temporary

 Cost
 or

 Unrealized

 Unrealized

 Fair

 Impairments

 (in millions)

 Cost

 Gains

 Losses

 Value

 in
 AOCI
(b)

 December 31, 2018

 Bonds available for sale:

    U.S. government and government sponsored entities

 $

 3,170

 $

 132

 $

 (42)

 $

 3,260

 $

 -

    Obligations of states, municipalities and political
 subdivisions

 15,421

 701

 (121)

 16,001

 4

    Non-U.S. governments

 14,376

 451

 (302)

 14,525

 -

    Corporate debt

 130,436

 3,911

 (3,647)

 130,700

 4

    Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized:

       RMBS

 31,940

 2,754

 (317)

 34,377

 1,155

       CMBS

 12,673

 242

 (214)

 12,701

 31

       CDO/ABS

 17,764

 228

 (165)

 17,827

 17

    Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized

 62,377

 3,224

 (696)

 64,905

 1,203

 Total bonds available for sale(c)

 $

 225,780

 $

 8,419

 $

 (4,808)

 $

 229,391

 $

 1,211

 December 31, 2017

 Bonds available for sale:

    U.S. government and government sponsored entities

 $

 2,532

 $

 160

 $

 (36)

 $

 2,656

 $

 -

    Obligations of states, municipalities and political
 subdivisions

 17,377

 1,297

 (30)

 18,644

 -

    Non-U.S. governments

 15,059

 717

 (117)

 15,659

 -

    Corporate debt

 126,310

 8,666

 (800)

 134,176

 17

    Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized:

       RMBS

 34,181

 3,273

 (220)

 37,234

 1,568

       CMBS

 13,538

 408

 (105)

 13,841

 42

       CDO/ABS

 16,464

 370

 (52)

 16,782

 29

    Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized

 64,183

 4,051

 (377)

 67,857

 1,639

 Total bonds available for sale(c)

 225,461

 14,891

 (1,360)

 238,992

 1,656

 Equity securities available for sale:

    Common stock

 703

 379

 (21)

 1,061

 -

    Preferred stock

 504

 29

 -

 533

 -

    Mutual funds

 98

 16

 -

 114

 -

 Total equity securities available for sale

 1,305

 424

 (21)

 1,708

 -

 Total

 $

 226,766

 $

 15,315

 $

 (1,381)

 $

 240,700

 $

 1,656

(a)  As a
result of the adoption of the Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement
Standard on January 1, 2018, equity securities are no longer classified and
accounted for as available for sale securities.

(b)  Represents
the amount of other-than-temporary impairments recognized in Accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss). Amount includes unrealized gains and losses on
impaired securities relating to changes in the fair value of such securities
subsequent to the impairment measurement date.

(c)  At
December 31, 2018 and 2017, bonds available for sale held by us that were below
investment grade or not rated totaled $28.8 billion and $31.5 billion,
respectively.         

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

215

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

6.
Investments

Securities Available for Sale in a Loss
Position

The following table summarizes the fair value and gross unrealized
losses on our available for sale securities, aggregated by major investment
category and length of time that individual securities have been in a
continuous unrealized loss position(a):        

 Less
 than 12 Months

 12
 Months or More

 Total

 Gross

 Gross

 Gross

 Fair

 Unrealized

 Fair

 Unrealized

 Fair

 Unrealized

 (in millions)

 Value

 Losses

 Value

 Losses

 Value

 Losses

 December 31, 2018

 Bonds available for sale:

    U.S. government and government sponsored entities

 $

 574

 $

 13

 $

 873

 $

 29

 $

 1,447

 $

 42

    Obligations of states, municipalities and political

       subdivisions 

 1,965

 51

 1,530

 70

 3,495

 121

    Non-U.S. governments

 3,851

 149

 2,422

 153

 6,273

 302

    Corporate debt

 47,364

 2,181

 20,056

 1,466

 67,420

 3,647

    RMBS

 5,231

 94

 5,641

 223

 10,872

 317

    CMBS

 2,646

 47

 4,264

 167

 6,910

 214

    CDO/ABS

 9,169

 144

 1,324

 21

 10,493

 165

 Total bonds available for sale

 $

 70,800

 $

 2,679

 $

 36,110

 $

 2,129

 $

 106,910

 $

 4,808

 December 31, 2017

 Bonds available for sale:

    U.S. government and government sponsored entities

 $

 770

 $

 23

 $

 332

 $

 13

 $

 1,102

 $

 36

    Obligations of states, municipalities and political

       subdivisions 

 586

 6

 646

 24

 1,232

 30

    Non-U.S. governments

 3,511

 54

 857

 63

 4,368

 117

    Corporate debt

 15,578

 453

 7,291

 347

 22,869

 800

    RMBS

 6,212

 99

 3,790

 121

 10,002

 220

    CMBS

 3,408

 46

 1,389

 59

 4,797

 105

    CDO/ABS

 1,455

 24

 822

 28

 2,277

 52

 Total bonds available for sale

 31,520

 705

 15,127

 655

 46,647

 1,360

 Equity securities available for sale:

    Common stock

 136

 21

 -

 -

 136

 21

    Mutual funds

 1

 -

 -

 -

 1

 -

 Total equity securities available for sale

 137

 21

 -

 -

 137

 21

 Total

 $

 31,657

 $

 726

 $

 15,127

 $

 655

 $

 46,784

 $

 1,381

(a)  As a result
of the adoption of the Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement
Standard on January 1, 2018, equity securities are no longer classified and
accounted for as available for sale securities.

At
December 31, 2018, we held 16,876 individual fixed maturity securities that were
in an unrealized loss position, of which 5,127 individual fixed maturity
securities were in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or more.
We did not recognize the unrealized losses in earnings on these fixed maturity
securities at December 31, 2018 because we neither intend to sell the
securities nor do we believe that it is more likely than not that we will be
required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost
basis. For fixed maturity securities with significant declines, we performed
fundamental credit analyses on a security-by-security basis, which included
consideration of credit enhancements, expected defaults on underlying
collateral, review of relevant industry analyst reports and forecasts and other
available market data.

216

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

6.
Investments

Contractual Maturities
of Fixed Maturity Securities Available for Sale

The following table presents the amortized cost and fair value of
fixed maturity securities available for sale by contractual maturity:

 Total
 Fixed Maturity Securities

 Fixed
 Maturity Securities in a Loss

 Available
 for Sale 

 Position
 Available for Sale

 (in millions)

 Amortized
 Cost

 Fair
 Value 

 Amortized
 Cost

 Fair
 Value 

 December 31, 2018

 Due in one year or less

 $

 9,539

 $

 9,674

 $

 2,322

 $

 2,294

 Due after one year through five years

 47,400

 47,905

 17,382

 16,844

 Due after five years through ten years

 42,363

 42,045

 27,724

 26,517

 Due after ten years

 64,101

 64,862

 35,319

 32,980

 Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized

 62,377

 64,905

 28,971

 28,275

 Total

 $

 225,780

 $

 229,391

 $

 111,718

 $

 106,910

 December 31, 2017

 Due in one year or less

 $

 7,932

 $

 8,071

 $

 1,526

 $

 1,515

 Due after one year through five years

 47,179

 49,093

 7,764

 7,571

 Due after five years through ten years

 42,617

 43,944

 11,559

 11,143

 Due after ten years

 63,550

 70,027

 9,705

 9,342

 Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized

 64,183

 67,857

 17,453

 17,076

 Total

 $

 225,461

 $

 238,992

 $

 48,007

 $

 46,647

Actual
maturities may differ from contractual maturities because certain borrowers
have the right to call or prepay certain obligations with or without call or
prepayment penalties.

The following table presents the gross realized gains and gross realized
losses from sales or maturities of our available for sale securities:

 Years
 Ended December 31,

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Gross

 Gross

 Gross

 Gross

 Gross

 Gross

 Realized

 Realized

 Realized

 Realized

 Realized

 Realized

 (in millions)

 Gains

 Losses

 Gains

 Losses

 Gains

 Losses

 Fixed maturity securities

 $

 331

 $

 476

 $

 725

 $

 300

 $

 801

 $

 800

 Equity securities

 16

 -

 107

 19

 1,072

 15

 Total

 $

 347

 $

 476

 $

 832

 $

 319

 $

 1,873

 $

 815

For the
years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, the aggregate fair value of
available for sale securities sold was $25.1 billion, $31.3 billion and $30.2
billion, which resulted in net realized capital gains (losses)  of $(129)
million, $0.5 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively. 

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

217

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

6.
Investments

Other Securities
Measured at Fair Value

The following table presents the fair value of other securities
measured at fair value based on our election of the fair value option:

 December
 31, 2018

 December
 31, 2017

 Fair

 Percent

 Fair

 Percent

 (in millions) 

 Value

  of
 Total

 Value

  of
 Total

 Fixed maturity securities:

 U.S. government and government sponsored entities

 $

 2,665

 21

 %

 $

 2,802

 21

 %

 Non-U.S. governments

 45

 -

 57

 1

 Corporate debt

 1,671

 13

 1,909

 14

 Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized

: 

 RMBS

 1,714

 14

 1,885

 14

 CMBS

 388

 3

 559

 4

 CDO/ABS and other collateralized
*

 4,932

 39

 5,560

 42

 Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized

 7,034

 56

 8,004

 60

 Total fixed maturity securities

 11,415

 90

 12,772

 96

 Equity securities

 1,253

 10

 589

 4

 Total 

 $

 12,668

 100

 %

 $

 13,361

 100

 %

*    Includes
$178 million and $251 million of U.S. government agency backed ABS at December
31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

Other Invested Assets

The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of other
invested assets:

 December 31,

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 Alternative investments(a) (b)

 $

 8,966

 $

 11,308

 Investment real estate(c)

 8,935

 8,258

 All other investments

 1,440

 1,256

 Total

 $

 19,341

 $

 20,822

(a)  At
December 31, 2018, included hedge funds of $4.2 billion, private equity funds
of $4.3 billion, and affordable housing partnerships of $438 million. At
December 31, 2017, included hedge funds of $5.8 billion, private equity funds
of $5.0 billion, and affordable housing partnerships of $543 million. 

(b)  At
December 31, 2018, approximately 74 percent of our hedge fund portfolio is
available for redemption in 2019. The remaining 26 percent will be available
for redemption between 2020 and 2027.

(c)  Net
of accumulated depreciation of $598 million and $515 million in 2018 and 2017,
respectively.

Other Invested Assets Carried at Fair Value

Certain
hedge funds, private equity funds, and other investment partnerships for which
we have elected the fair value option are reported at fair value with changes
in fair value recognized in Net investment income with the exception of
investments of AIG’s Other Operations, for which such changes are reported in
Other income.  

Prior
to January 1, 2018, other investments in hedge funds, private equity funds and
other investment partnerships in which our insurance operations do not hold
aggregate interests sufficient to exercise more than minor influence over the
respective partnerships were reported at fair value with changes in fair value
recognized as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income. 

These investments were subject to other-than-temporary
impairment evaluations. The gross unrealized loss recorded in Accumulated other
comprehensive income on such investments was $45 million at December 31,
2017, the majority of which pertained to investments in private equity funds
and hedge funds that have been in continuous unrealized loss positions for less
than 12 months.

Effective January 1, 2018, upon the adoption of the
Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement standard, these investments
are no longer accounted for as available for sale securities. The new standard
requires these investments to be measured at fair value with the change in fair
value recognized in earnings.  As a result, beginning in 2018, these
investments are no longer subject to the other-than-temporary impairment
evaluation.

218

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

6.
Investments

Other Invested Assets – Equity Method
Investments 

We
account for hedge funds, private equity funds, affordable housing partnerships
and other investment partnerships using the equity method of accounting unless
our interest is so minor that we may have virtually no influence over
partnership operating and financial policies, or we have elected the fair value
option. Under the equity method of accounting, our carrying amount generally is
our share of the net asset value of the funds or the partnerships, and changes in
our share of the net asset values are recorded in Net investment income with
the exception of investments of AIG’s Other Operations, for which such changes
are reported in Other income. In applying the equity method of accounting, we
consistently use the most recently available financial information provided by
the general partner or manager of each of these investments, which is one to
three months prior to the end of our reporting period. The financial statements
of these investees are generally audited annually. 

Summarized Financial Information of Equity Method Investees

The following is the aggregated summarized financial information
of our equity method investees, including those for which the fair value option
has been elected:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Operating results:

 Total revenues

 $

 15,310

 $

 13,066

 $

 9,512

 Total expenses

 (3,200)

 (6,835)

 (7,361)

 Net income

 $

 12,110

 $

 6,231

 $

 2,151

 At December 31,

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 Balance sheet:

 Total assets

 $

 96,915

 $

 132,708

 Total liabilities

 $

 (21,063)

 $

 (35,585)

The following table presents the carrying amount and ownership percentage
of equity method investments at December 31, 2018 and 2017:

 2018

 2017

 Carrying

 Ownership

 Carrying

 Ownership

 (in millions, except percentages)

 Value

 Percentage

 Value

 Percentage

 Equity method investments

 $

 6,520

 Various

 $

 9,050

 Various

Summarized
financial information for these equity method investees may be presented on a
lag, due to the unavailability of information for the investees at our
respective balance sheet dates, and is included for the periods in which we
held an equity method ownership interest

. 

Other Investments

Also included in
Other invested assets are real estate held for investment. These investments
are reported at cost, less depreciation and are subject to impairment review,
as discussed below.

Investments in Life Settlements

Investments
in life settlements were accounted for under the investment method. Under the
investment method, we recognized our initial investment in life settlements at
the transaction price plus all initial direct external costs. Continuing costs
to keep the policy in force, primarily life insurance premiums, increased the
carrying amount of the investment. We recognized income on individual
investments in life settlements upon the death of the insured, at an amount
equal to the excess of the investment proceeds over the carrying amount of the
investment at that time. These investments were subject to impairment review,
as discussed below.

During
2017 and 2016, income recognized on investments in life settlements was $266 million
and $453 million, respectively, and is included in Net investment income
in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

We
sold the remaining portion of our life settlements portfolio in 2017.  

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

219

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

6.
Investments

Net Investment Income

Net
investment income represents income primarily from the following sources:

•

Interest
income and related expenses, including amortization of premiums and accretion
of discounts with changes in the timing and the amount of expected principal
and interest cash flows reflected in yield, as applicable.

•

Dividend
income from common and preferred stocks.

•

Realized
and unrealized gains and losses from investments in other securities and
investments for which we elected the fair value option.

•

Earnings
from alternative investments.

•

The
difference between the carrying amount of an investment in life settlements and
the life insurance proceeds of the underlying life insurance policy recorded in
income upon the death of the insured.

The following table presents the components of Net investment income:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Available for sale fixed maturity securities, including
 short-term investments

 $

 10,323

 $

 10,435

 $

 11,314

 Other fixed maturity securities

 7

 660

 331

 Equity securities(a)

 (162)

 34

 (5)

 Interest on mortgage and other loans

 1,874

 1,661

 1,526

 Alternative investments(b)

 655

 1,475

 693

 Real estate

 257

 144

 150

 Other investments

 15

 290

 509

 Total investment income

 12,969

 14,699

 14,518

 Investment expenses

 493

 520

 453

 Net investment income

 $

 12,476

 $

 14,179

 $

 14,065

(a)  Upon
the adoption of the Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement Standard
on January 1, 2018, the change in fair value of all equity securities is
included in Net investment income.

(b)  Includes
income from hedge funds, private equity funds and affordable housing
partnerships. Hedge funds for which we elected the fair value option are
recorded as of the balance sheet date. Other hedge funds are generally reported
on a one-month lag. Private equity funds are generally reported on a
one-quarter lag.

Net Realized Capital Gains and Losses

Net
realized capital gains and losses are determined by specific identification.
The net realized capital gains and losses are generated primarily from the
following sources:

•

Sales or full
redemptions of available for sale fixed maturity securities, available for sale
equity securities, real estate and other alternative investments.

•

Reductions to the
amortized cost basis of available for sale fixed maturity securities, available
for sale equity securities and certain other invested assets for other-than-temporary
impairments.

•

Impairments on
investments in life settlements.

•

Changes in fair value
of derivatives except for (1) those derivatives at AIGFP and (2) those
instruments that are designated as hedging instruments when the change in the
fair value of the hedged item is not reported in Net realized capital gains
(losses). 

•

Exchange gains and
losses resulting from foreign currency transactions

.          

220

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

6.
Investments

The following table presents the components
of Net realized capital losses:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Sales of fixed maturity securities

 $

 (145)

 $

 425

 $

 1

 Sales of equity securities(a)

 16

 88

 1,057

 Other-than-temporary impairments:

 Severity

 -

 (2)

 (15)

 Change in intent

 (87)

 (9)

 (46)

 Foreign currency declines

 (15)

 (11)

 (18)

 Issuer-specific credit events

 (147)

 (234)

 (433)

 Adverse projected cash flows

 (2)

 (4)

 (47)

 Provision for loan losses

 (92)

 (50)

 10

 Foreign exchange transactions

 (182)

 489

 (1,226)

 Variable annuity embedded derivatives, net of related hedges

 304

 (1,374)

 (1,243)

 All other derivatives and hedge accounting

 338

 (368)

 299

 Impairments on investments in life settlements

 -

 (360)

 (397)

 Loss on sale of private equity funds

 (321)

 -

 -

 Other(b)

 203

 30

 114

 Net realized capital losses

 $

 (130)

 $

 (1,380)

 $

 (1,944)

(a)  In
2016, includes realized gains on the sale of a portion of our holdings in 

People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited and
PICC Property & Casualty Company Limited (collectively, our PICC
Investment)

.

(b)  In 2018, primarily includes
$96 million and $49 million of realized gains on the sale of shares of OneMain
Holdings, Inc. and an investment in Castle Holdings LLC’s aircraft assets,
respectively. 

In 

2016, primarily includes $107 million of realized gains due
to a purchase price adjustment on the sale of Class B shares of Prudential
Financial, Inc. and losses of $253 million from the sale of a portion of our
Life Settlements portfolio.     

Change in Unrealized Appreciation
(Depreciation) of Investments

The following table presents the increase (decrease) in unrealized
appreciation (depreciation) of our available for sale securities and other
investments:

 Years
 Ended

 December
 31,

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 Increase (decrease) in unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
 of investments:

   Fixed maturity securities

 $

 (9,920)

 $

 4,235

   Equity securities(a)

 -

 22

   Other investments

 (88)

 (195)

 Total increase (decrease) in unrealized appreciation
 (depreciation) of investments(b)

 $

 (10,008)

 $

 4,062

(a)  As a
result of the adoption of the Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement
Standard on January 1, 2018, equity securities are no longer classified and
accounted for as available for sale securities.

(b)  Excludes
net unrealized losses attributable to businesses held for sale.

The following table summarizes the unrealized gains and losses
recognized during the reporting period on equity securities still held at the
reporting date:   

 Year Ended December 31, 2018

 Other
 Invested

 (in millions)

 Equities

 Assets

 Total

 Net gains and losses recognized during the period on equity
 securities

 $

 (184)

 $

 342

 $

 158

 Less: Net gains and losses recognized during the year on equity
 securities

 sold during the year

 56

 23

 79

 Unrealized gains and losses recognized during the reporting
 period on equity

  securities still held at the reporting date

 $

 (240)

 $

 319

 $

 79

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

221

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

6.
Investments

Evaluating Investments for Other-Than-Temporary
Impairments

Fixed Maturity Securities

If we
intend to sell a fixed maturity security or it is more likely than not that we
will be required to sell a fixed maturity security before recovery of its
amortized cost basis and the fair value of the security is below amortized
cost, an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred and the amortized cost is
written down to current fair value, with a corresponding charge to realized
capital losses. 

When assessing our intent to
sell a fixed maturity security, or whether it is more likely than not that we
will be required to sell a fixed maturity security before recovery of its
amortized cost basis, management evaluates relevant facts and circumstances
including, but not limited to, decisions to reposition our investment
portfolio, sales of securities to meet cash flow needs and sales of securities
to take advantage of favorable pricing. 

For fixed
maturity securities for which a credit impairment has occurred, the amortized
cost is written down to the estimated recoverable value with a corresponding
charge to realized capital losses. 

The
estimated recoverable value is the present value of cash flows expected to be
collected, as determined by management. 

 The
difference between fair value and amortized cost that is not related to a
credit impairment is presented in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of
fixed maturity securities on which other-than-temporary credit impairments were
recognized (a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income).

When
estimating future cash flows for structured fixed maturity securities (e.g.,
RMBS, CMBS, CDO, ABS) management considers historical performance of underlying
assets and available market information as well as bond-specific structural
considerations, such as credit enhancement and priority of payment structure of
the security. In addition, the process of estimating future cash flows
includes, but is not limited to, the following critical inputs, which vary by
asset class:

•

Current delinquency rates;

•

Expected default rates
and the timing of such defaults;

•

Loss severity and the
timing of any recovery; and

•

Expected prepayment
speeds.

For
corporate, municipal and sovereign fixed maturity securities determined to be
credit impaired, management considers the fair value as the recoverable value
when available information does not indicate that another value is more
relevant or reliable. When management identifies information that supports a
recoverable value other than the fair value, the determination of a recoverable
value considers scenarios specific to the issuer and the security, and may be
based upon estimates of outcomes of corporate restructurings, political and
macroeconomic factors, stability and financial strength of the issuer, the
value of any secondary sources of repayment and the disposition of assets.

We consider
severe price declines in our assessment of potential credit impairments. We may
also modify our model inputs when we determine that price movements in certain
sectors are indicative of factors not captured by the cash flow models. 

In periods
subsequent to the recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment charge for
available for sale fixed maturity securities that is not foreign exchange
related, we prospectively accrete into earnings the difference between the new
amortized cost and the expected undiscounted recoverable value over the
remaining expected holding period of the security.

222

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

6.
Investments

Credit Impairments

The following table presents a rollforward of the cumulative
credit losses in other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings for available
for sale fixed maturity securities:

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 2016

 Balance, beginning of year

 $

 526

 $

 1,098

 $

 1,747

    Increases due to:

       Credit impairments on new securities subject to impairment
 losses

 59

 122

 204

       Additional credit impairments on previously impaired
 securities

 90

 74

 212

    Reductions due to:

       Credit impaired securities fully disposed for which there
 was no

          prior intent or requirement to sell

 (145)

 (99)

 (296)

       Accretion on securities previously impaired due to credit
*

 (530)

 (669)

 (767)

 Divested businesses

 -

 -

 (2)

 Balance, end of year

 $

 -

 $

 526

 $

 1,098

*    Represents
both accretion recognized due to changes in cash flows expected to be collected
over the remaining expected term of the credit impaired securities and the
accretion due to the passage of time.

Equity Securities

On January 1, 2018, AIG adopted the Financial Instruments
Recognition and Measurement standard for equity securities.  The new standard
requires equity securities to be measured at fair value with changes in fair
value recognized in earnings each reporting period.  As a result of the new
standard, equity securities with readily determinable fair values are no longer
required to be evaluated for other-than-temporary-impairment.  

Prior to the adoption of the Recognition and Measurement
standard on January 1, 2018, we evaluated our available for sale equity
securities for impairment by considering such securities as candidates for
other-than-temporary impairment if they meet any of the following criteria:

•

The security has traded
at a significant (25 percent or more) discount to cost for an extended
period of time (nine consecutive months or longer);

•

A discrete credit event
has occurred resulting in (i) the issuer defaulting on a material
outstanding obligation; (ii) the issuer seeking protection from creditors
under the bankruptcy laws or any similar laws intended for court-supervised
reorganization of insolvent enterprises; or (iii) the issuer proposing a
voluntary reorganization pursuant to which creditors are asked to exchange
their claims for cash or securities having a fair value substantially lower
than the par value of their claims; or

•

We have concluded that
we may not realize a full recovery on our investment, regardless of the
occurrence of one of the foregoing events.

The determination
that an equity security was other-than-temporarily impaired required the
judgment of management and consideration of the fundamental condition of the
issuer, its near-term prospects and all the relevant facts and circumstances. In
addition to the above criteria, all equity securities that have been in a
continuous decline in value below cost over 12 months are impaired. We also
considered circumstances of a rapid and severe market valuation decline (50
percent or more) discount to cost, in which we could not reasonably assert that
the impairment period would be temporary (severity losses).

Other Invested Assets

Our
equity method investments in private equity funds, hedge funds and other
entities are evaluated for impairment each reporting period.  Such evaluation
considers market conditions, events and volatility that may impact the
recoverability of the underlying investments within these private equity funds
and hedge funds and is based on the nature of the underlying investments and
specific inherent risks. Such risks may evolve based on the nature of the
underlying investments.

Our
investments in life settlements were monitored for impairment on a
contract-by-contract basis quarterly. An investment in life settlements was
considered impaired if the undiscounted cash flows resulting from the expected
proceeds would not be sufficient to recover our estimated future carrying
amount, which was the current carrying amount for the investment in life
settlements plus anticipated undiscounted future premiums and other
capitalizable future costs, if any.  Impaired investments in life settlements were
written down to their estimated fair value which was determined on a discounted
cash flow basis, incorporating current market mortality assumptions and market
yields or by repricing to the anticipated sale price as appropriate.

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

223

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

6.
Investments

In general, fair value estimates for the investments in
life settlements were calculated using cash flows based on medical underwriting
ratings of the policies from a third-party underwriter, applied to an industry
mortality table. Our mortality assumptions were based on an industry table as
supplemented with proprietary data on the older age mortality of U.S. insured
lives. Mortality improvement factors were applied to these assumptions based on
our view of future mortality improvements likely to apply to the U.S. insured
lives population. Our mortality assumptions coupled with the mortality
improvement rates were used in our estimate of future net cash flows from the

investments
in life settlements. 

We sold the remaining
portion of our life settlements portfolio in 2017.

Our investments
in aircraft assets and real estate are periodically evaluated for
recoverability whenever changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount
of an asset may be impaired. When impairment indicators are present, we compare
expected investment cash flows to carrying amount. When the expected cash flows
are less than the carrying amount, the investments are written down to fair
value with a corresponding charge to earnings. We sold the remaining portion of
our aircraft assets in 2018.

Purchased Credit Impaired (PCI) Securities

We
purchase certain RMBS securities that have experienced deterioration in credit
quality since their issuance. We determine whether it is probable at
acquisition that we will not collect all contractually required payments for
these PCI securities, including both principal and interest. At acquisition,
the timing and amount of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be
received on each PCI security is determined based on our best estimate using
key assumptions, such as interest rates, default rates and prepayment speeds.
At acquisition, the difference between the undiscounted expected future cash
flows of the PCI securities and the recorded investment in the securities
represents the initial accretable yield, which is accreted into Net investment
income over their remaining lives on an effective yield basis. Additionally,
the difference between the contractually required payments on the PCI
securities and the undiscounted expected future cash flows represents the
non-accretable difference at acquisition. The accretable yield and the
non-accretable difference will change over time, based on actual payments
received and changes in estimates of undiscounted expected future cash flows,
which are discussed further below. 

On a quarterly
basis, the undiscounted expected future cash flows associated with PCI securities
are re-evaluated based on updates to key assumptions. Declines in undiscounted
expected future cash flows due to further credit deterioration as well as
changes in the expected timing of the cash flows can result in the recognition
of an other-than-temporary impairment charge, as PCI securities are subject to our
policy for evaluating investments for other-than-temporary impairment. Changes
to undiscounted expected future cash flows due solely to the changes in the
contractual benchmark interest rates on variable rate PCI securities will
change the accretable yield prospectively. Significant increases in
undiscounted expected future cash flows for reasons other than interest rate
changes are recognized prospectively as adjustments to the accretable yield. 

The following tables present information on our PCI securities,
which are included in bonds available for sale:

 (in millions)

 At
 Date of Acquisition

 Contractually required payments (principal and interest)

 $

 36,519

 Cash flows expected to be collected*

 29,980

 Recorded investment in acquired securities

 20,229

*    Represents
undiscounted expected cash flows, including both principal and interest.

 December
 31,

 December
 31,

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 Outstanding principal balance

 $

 12,495

 $

 14,718

 Amortized cost

 8,646

 10,492

 Fair value

 10,280

 12,293

The following table presents activity for the accretable yield on PCI
securities: 

 Years Ended December 31,

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 Balance, beginning of year

 $

 7,501

 $

 7,498

    Newly purchased PCI securities

 33

 190

    Disposals

 (21)

 (18)

    Accretion

 (722)

 (797)

    Effect of changes in interest rate indices

 207

 (34)

    Net reclassification from (to) non-accretable difference,
 including effects of prepayments

 212

 662

 Balance, end of year

 $

 7,210

 $

 7,501

224

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

6.
Investments

Pledged Investments

Secured Financing and Similar Arrangements

We
enter into secured financing transactions whereby certain securities are sold
under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements), in which we transfer
securities in exchange for cash, with an agreement by us to repurchase the same
or substantially similar securities. Our secured financing transactions also
include those that involve the transfer of securities to financial institutions
in exchange for cash (securities lending agreements). In all of these secured
financing transactions, the securities transferred by us (pledged collateral)
may be sold or repledged by the counterparties. These agreements are recorded
at their contracted amounts plus accrued interest, other than those that are
accounted for at fair value.

Pledged
collateral levels are monitored daily and are generally maintained at an
agreed-upon percentage of the fair value of the amounts borrowed during the
life of the transactions. In the event of a decline in the fair value of the
pledged collateral under these secured financing transactions, we may be
required to transfer cash or additional securities as pledged collateral under
these agreements.  At the termination of the transactions, we and our
counterparties are obligated to return the amounts borrowed and the securities
transferred, respectively.

The following table presents the fair value of securities pledged
to counterparties under secured financing transactions, 

including repurchase and securities lending
agreements:  

 (in millions)

 December
 31, 2018

 December
 31, 2017

 Fixed maturity securities available for sale

 $

 1,050

 $

 2,911

 Other bond securities, at fair value

 $

 122

 $

 1,585

At December
31, 2018 and 2017, amounts borrowed under repurchase and securities lending
agreements totaled 

$1.2 

billion and 

$4.5

 billion

,
respectively.

The following table presents the fair value of securities pledged
under our repurchase agreements by collateral type and by remaining contractual
maturity:

 Remaining
 Contractual Maturity of the Agreements

 (in millions)

 Overnight
 and Continuous

 up to
 30 days

 31 -
 90 days

 91 -
 364 days

 365
 days or greater

 Total

 December 31, 2018

 Bonds available for sale:

 Non-U.S. governments

 $

 25

 $

 35

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 60

 Corporate debt

 51

 55

 -

 -

 -

 106

 Other bond securities:

 U.S. government and government sponsored entities

 11

 -

 -

 -

 -

 11

 Non-U.S. governments

 -

 3

 -

 -

 -

 3

 Corporate debt

 17

 38

 53

 -

 -

 108

 Total

 $

 104

 $

 131

 $

 53

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 288

 December 31, 2017

 Bonds available for sale:

 Non-U.S. governments

 $

 -

 $

 7

 $

 19

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 26

 Corporate debt

 -

 13

 35

 -

 -

 48

 Other bond securities:

 U.S. government and government sponsored entities

 44

 -

 -

 -

 -

 44

 Non-U.S. governments

 -

 -

 11

 -

 -

 11

 Corporate debt

 -

 387

 1,065

 -

 -

 1,452

 Total

 $

 44

 $

 407

 $

 1,130

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 1,581

AIG | 2018 Form 10-K

225

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

6.
Investments

The following table presents the fair value
of securities pledged under our securities lending agreements by collateral
type and by remaining contractual maturity:

 Remaining
 Contractual Maturity of the Agreements

 (in millions)

 Overnight
 and Continuous

 up to
 30 days

 31 -
 90 days

 91 -
 364 days

 365
 days or greater

 Total

 December 31, 2018

 Bonds available for sale:

 Obligations of states, municipalities and political 

 subdivisions

 $

 -

 $

 50

 $

 130

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 180

 Non-U.S. governments

 -

 21

 8

 -

 -

 29

 Corporate debt

 -

 330

 345

 -

 -

 675

 Other bond securities:

 Non-U.S. governments

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Corporate debt

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 -

 Total

 $

 -

 $

 401

 $

 483

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 884

 December 31, 2017

 Bonds available for sale:

 Obligations of states, municipalities and political 

 subdivisions

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 -

 Non-U.S. governments

 -

 -

 18

 -

 -

 18

 Corporate debt

 -

 588

 2,231

 -

 -

 2,819

 Other bond securities:

 Non-U.S. governments

 -

 -

 22

 -

 -

 22

 Corporate debt

 -

 -

 56

 -

 -

 56

 Total

 $

 -

 $

 588

 $

 2,327

 $

 -

 $

 -

 $

 2,915

We also enter into agreements in
which securities are purchased by us under agreements to resell (reverse
repurchase agreements), which are accounted for as secured financing
transactions and reported as short-term investments or other assets, depending on
their terms. These agreements 

are recorded
at their contracted resale amounts plus accrued interest, other than those that
are accounted for at fair value. 

In all
reverse repurchase transactions, we take possession of or obtain a security
interest in the related securities, and we have the right to sell or repledge
this collateral received.

The following table presents information on
the fair value of securities pledged to us under reverse repurchase agreements:

 (in millions)

 December
 31, 2018

 December
 31, 2017

 Securities collateral pledged to us

 $

 426

 $

 2,227

 Amount sold or repledged by us

 106

 46

At
December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, amounts loaned under reverse repurchase
agreements totaled $426 million and $2.2 billion, respectively. 

We do not currently offset any secured financing
transactions. All such transactions are collateralized and margined daily
consistent with market standards and subject to enforceable master netting
arrangements with rights of set off.

Insurance – Statutory and Other Deposits

The total
carrying value of cash and securities deposited by our insurance subsidiaries
under requirements of regulatory authorities or other insurance-related
arrangements, including certain annuity-related obligations and certain
reinsurance treaties, was $7.9 billion and $4.9 billion at December
31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

226

AIG | 2018 Form
10-K

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM 8 |

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements |

6.
Investments

Other Pledges
and Restrictions

Certain
of our subsidiaries are members of Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs) and such membership
requires the members to own stock in these FHLBs. We owned an aggregate of $202 million
and $93 million of stock in FHLBs at December 31, 2018 and 2017,
respectively. In addition, our subsidiaries have pledged securities available
for sale and residential loans associated with borrowings and funding
agreements from FHLBs, with a fair value of $4.2 billion and
$2.1 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2018 and $2.7 billion and
$471 million, respectively, at December 31, 2017.

Certain GIAs
have provisions that require collateral to be posted or payments to be made by
us upon a downgrade of our long-term debt ratings. The actual amount of
collateral required to be posted to the counterparties in the event of such
downgrades, and the aggregate amount of payments that we could be required to
make, depend on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected
transactions and other factors prevailing at and after the time of the
downgrade. The fair value of securities pledged as collateral with respect to
these obligations was approximately $1.6 billion and $2.0 billion at
December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. This collateral primarily consists of
securities of the U.S. government and government- sponsored entities and
generally cannot be repledged or resold by the counterparties.

Investments held
in escrow accounts or otherwise subject to restriction as to their use were
$273 million and $255 million, comprised of bonds available for sale
and short term investments at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.

7. Lending Activities

Mortgage and
other loans receivable include commercial mortgages, residential mortgages,
life insurance policy loans, commercial loans, and other loans and notes
receivable. Commercial mortgages, residential mortgages, commercial loans, and
other loans and notes receivable are carried at unpaid principal balances less
allowance for credit losses and plus or minus adjustments for the accretion or
amortization of discount or premium. Interest income on such loans is accrued
as earned.

Direct
costs of originating commercial mortgages, commercial loans, and other loans
and notes receivable, net of nonrefundable points and fees, are deferred and
included in the carrying amount of the related receivables. The amount deferred
is amortized to income as an adjustment to earnings using the interest method.
Premiums and discounts on purchased residential mortgages are also amortized to
income as an adjustment to earnings using the interest method.

Life insurance
policy loans are carried at unpaid principal balances. There is no allowance
for policy loans because these loans serve to reduce the death benefit paid
when the death claim is made and the balances are effectively collateralized by
the cash surrender value of the policy.

The following table presents the composition of Mortgage and other
loans receivable, net:

 December
 31,

 December
 31,

 (in millions)

 2018

 2017

 Commercial mortgages
*

 $

 32,882

 $

 28,596

 Residential mortgages

 6,532

 5,398

 Life insurance policy loans

 2,147

 2,295

 Commercial loans, other loans and notes receivable

 1,971

 1,056

 Total mortgage and other loans receivable

 43,532

 37,345

 Allowance for credit losses

 (397)

 (322)

 Mortgage and other loans receivable, net

 $

 43,135

 $

 37,023

*    Commercial
mortgages primarily represent loans for apartments, offices and retail