The risk factors noted in this section and other factors noted
 throughout this Annual Report, describe certain risks and
 uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ
 materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.

 Our
 existing and future debt financing could render us unable to
 operate, result in foreclosure on our properties, prevent us
 from making distributions on our equity or otherwise adversely
 affect our liquidity.

 We are subject to the risk that our cash flow from operations
 will be insufficient to make required payments of principal and
 interest, and the risk that existing indebtedness may not be
 refinanced or that the terms of any refinancing will not be as
 favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness. If we fail to
 make required payments of principal and interest on secured
 debt, our lenders could foreclose on the properties and other
 collateral securing such debt, which would result in loss of
 income and asset value to us. As of December 31, 2009,
 substantially all of the properties that we owned or controlled
 were encumbered by debt. Our organizational documents do not
 limit the amount of debt that we may incur, and we have
 significant amounts of debt outstanding. Payments of principal
 and interest may leave us with insufficient cash resources to
 operate our properties or pay distributions required to be paid
 in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT.

 Our strategy is generally to incur debt to increase the return
 on our equity while maintaining acceptable coverage ratios. For
 the year ended December 31, 2009, as calculated based on
 the provisions in our credit agreement, which is further
 discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial
 statements in Item 8, we had a ratio of earnings before
 interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization to debt
 service of 1.59:1 and a ratio of earnings to fixed charges of
 1.36:1. On February 3, 2010, we and our lenders agreed to
 reduce the covenant ratios of earnings before interest, taxes
 and depreciation and amortization to debt service and earnings
 to fixed charges from 1.50:1 and 1.30:1, respectively, to 1.40:1
 and 1.20:1, respectively. We expect to remain in compliance with
 these covenants.

 At December 31, 2009, we had swap positions with two
 financial institutions totaling $353.1 million. The related
 swap agreements provide for collateral calls to maintain
 specified
 loan-to-value
 ratios. In the event the

 8

Table of Contents

 values of the real estate properties serving as collateral under
 these agreements decline, we may be required to provide
 additional collateral pursuant to the swap agreements, which
 would adversely affect our cash flows.

 Disruptions
 in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain
 financing and the cost of available financing and could
 adversely affect our liquidity.

 Our ability to obtain financing and the cost of such financing
 depends on the overall condition of the United States credit
 markets and, to an important extent in 2009, on the level of
 involvement of certain government sponsored entities,
 specifically, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, or Freddie
 Mac, and Federal National Mortgage Association, or Fannie Mae,
 in secondary credit markets. During 2009, the United States
 credit markets (outside of multi-family) experienced significant
 liquidity disruptions, which caused the spreads on debt
 financings to widen considerably and made obtaining financing,
 both non-recourse property debt and corporate borrowings, such
 as our term loan or revolving credit facility, more difficult.

 Further or prolonged disruptions in the credit markets could
 result in Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae reducing their level of
 involvement in secondary credit markets which would adversely
 affect our ability to obtain non-recourse property debt
 financing. Additionally, further or prolonged disruptions in the
 credit markets may also affect our ability to renew our credit
 facility with similar commitments when it matures in May 2012
 (inclusive of a one year extension option).

 If our ability to obtain financing is adversely affected, we may
 be unable to satisfy scheduled maturities on existing financing
 through other sources of liquidity, which could result in lender
 foreclosure on the properties securing such debt and loss of
 income and asset value, each of which would adversely affect our
 liquidity.

 Increases
 in interest rates would increase our interest expense and reduce
 our profitability.

 As of December 31, 2009, we had approximately
 $654.6 million of variable-rate indebtedness outstanding
 and $67.0 million of variable rate preferred stock
 outstanding. Of the total debt subject to variable interest
 rates, floating rate tax-exempt bond financing was about
 two-thirds, or $433.9 million. Floating rate tax-exempt
 bond financing is benchmarked against the Securities Industry
 and Financial Markets Association Municipal Swap Index, or
 SIFMA, rate, which since 1989 has averaged 73% of the
 30-day LIBOR
 rate. At December 31, 2009, we had approximately
 $440.9 million in cash and cash equivalents, restricted
 cash and notes receivable, the majority of which bear interest.
 The effect of our interest-bearing assets would partially reduce
 the effect of an increase in variable interest rates. If this
 historical relationship continues, we estimate that an increase
 in 
30-day
 LIBOR of 100 basis points (73 basis points for
 tax-exempt interest rates) with constant credit risk spreads
 would result in net income being reduced by $1.1 million
 and income attributable to Aimco common stockholders being
 reduced by $1.5 million on an annual basis.

 Failure
 to generate sufficient net operating income may adversely affect
 our liquidity, limit our ability to fund necessary capital
 expenditures or adversely affect our ability to pay
 dividends.

 Our ability to fund necessary capital expenditures on our