The risk factors noted in this section and other factors noted
 throughout this Annual Report, describe certain risks and
 uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ
 materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.

 Our
 existing and future debt financing could render us unable to
 operate, result in foreclosure on our properties, prevent us
 from making distributions on our equity or otherwise adversely
 affect our liquidity.

 We are subject to the risk that our cash flow from operations
 will be insufficient to make required payments of principal and
 interest, and the risk that existing indebtedness may not be
 refinanced or that the terms of any refinancing will not be as
 favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness. If we fail to
 make required payments of principal and interest on secured
 debt, our lenders could foreclose on the properties and other
 collateral securing such debt, which would result in loss of
 income and asset value to us. As of December 31, 2008,
 substantially all of the properties that we owned or controlled
 were encumbered by debt. Our organizational documents do not
 limit the amount of debt that we may incur, and we have
 significant amounts of debt outstanding. Payments of principal
 and interest may leave us with insufficient cash resources to
 operate our properties or pay distributions required to be paid
 in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT.

 Our strategy is generally to incur debt to increase the return
 on our equity while maintaining acceptable coverage ratios. For
 the year ended December 31, 2008, we had a ratio of free
 cash flow (net operating income less spending for capital
 replacements) to combined interest expense and preferred stock
 dividends of 1.43:1. For the year ended December 31, 2008,
 as calculated based on the provisions in our credit agreement,
 which is further

 9

Table of Contents

 discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial
 statements in Item 8, we had a ratio of earnings before
 interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization to debt
 service of 1.63:1 and a ratio of earnings to fixed charges of
 1.43:1.

 At December 31, 2008, we had swap positions with two
 financial institutions totaling $422.1 million. The related
 swap agreements provide for collateral calls to maintain
 specified loan-to-value ratios. In the event the values of the
 real estate properties serving as collateral under these
 agreements decline, we may be required to provide additional
 collateral pursuant to the swap agreements, which would
 adversely affect our cash flows.

 Disruptions
 in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain
 financing and the cost of available financing and could
 adversely affect our liquidity.

 Our ability to obtain financing and the cost of such financing
 depends on the overall condition of the United States credit
 markets and the level of involvement of certain government
 sponsored entities, specifically, Federal Home Loan Mortgage
 Corporation, or Freddie Mac, and Federal National Mortgage
 Association, or Fannie Mae, in secondary credit markets.
 Recently the United States credit markets have experienced
 significant liquidity disruptions, which have caused the spreads
 on debt financings to widen considerably and have made obtaining
 financing, both non-recourse property debt and corporate
 borrowings, such as our term loan or revolving credit facility,
 more difficult.

 Further or prolonged disruptions in the credit markets could
 result in Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae reducing their level of
 involvement in secondary credits markets which would adversely
 affect our ability to obtain non-recourse property debt
 financing. Additionally, further or prolonged disruptions in the
 credit markets could lead to the failure of additional financial
 companies, some of which may have financial commitments within
 our revolving credit facility. This may affect our access to
 liquidity through our credit facility’s scheduled maturity
 in May 2010 (inclusive of a one-year extension option we expect
 to exercise). When the revolving credit facility matures,
 disruptions in the credit markets may also affect our ability to
 renew such credit facility with similar commitments.

 If our ability to obtain financing is adversely affected, we may
 be unable to satisfy scheduled maturities on existing financing
 through other sources of liquidity, which could result in lender
 foreclosure on the properties securing such debt and loss of
 income and asset value, each of which would adversely affect our
 liquidity.

 Increases
 in interest rates would increase our interest expense and reduce
 our profitability.

 As of December 31, 2008, we had approximately
 $1,309.5 million of variable-rate indebtedness outstanding
 and $73.0 million of variable rate preferred stock
 outstanding. Of the total debt subject to variable interest
 rates, floating rate tax-exempt bond financing was
 $563.4 million. Floating rate tax-exempt bond financing is
 benchmarked against the Securities Industry and Financial
 Markets Association Municipal Swap Index, or SIFMA, rate
 (previously the Bond Market Association index), which since 1989
 has averaged 69% of the
 30-day LIBOR
 rate. If this historical relationship continues, we estimate
 that an increase in

30-day LIBOR
 of 1.0% (0.69% in tax-exempt interest rates) with constant
 credit risk spreads would result in our income before minority
 interests being reduced by $11.6 million and our income
 attributable to common stockholders being reduced by
 $11.1 million on an annual basis. At December 31,
 2008, we had approximately $717.2 million in cash and cash
 equivalents, restricted cash and notes receivable, the majority
 of which bear interest. We also had approximately
 $127.3 million of variable rate debt associated with our
 redevelopment activities, for which we capitalize a portion of
 the interest expense. The effect of our interest-bearing assets
 and of capitalizing interest on variable rate debt associated
 with our redevelopment activities would partially reduce the
 effect of an increase in variable interest rates. Considering
 these offsets, the same increase in

30-day LIBOR
 would result in our income before minority interests being
 reduced by $3.1 million and our income attributable to
 common stockholders being reduced by $4.3 million on an
 annual basis.

 Failure
 to generate sufficient net operating income may limit our
 ability to fund necessary capital expenditures or adversely
 affect our ability to pay dividends.

 Our ability to fund necessary capital expenditures on our