The risk factors noted in this section and other factors noted throughout this Annual Report, describe
certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. 

7 

Table of Contents

Our existing and future debt financing could render us unable to operate, result in
foreclosure on our properties, prevent us from making distributions on our equity or otherwise adversely affect our liquidity. 

We are subject to the risk that our cash flow from operations will be insufficient to make required payments of principal and interest, and the risk that existing indebtedness may not be refinanced or
that the terms of any refinancing will not be as favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness. If we fail to make required payments of principal and interest on secured debt, our lenders could foreclose on the properties and other collateral
securing such debt, which would result in loss of income and asset value to us. As of December 31, 2011, substantially all of the properties that we owned or controlled were encumbered by debt. Our organizational documents do not limit the
amount of debt that we may incur, and we have significant amounts of debt outstanding. Payments of principal and interest may leave us with insufficient cash resources to operate our properties or pay distributions required to be paid in order to
maintain our qualification as a REIT. 

Disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain financing
and the cost of available financing and could adversely affect our liquidity. 

Our ability to obtain
financing and the cost of such financing depends on the overall condition of the United States credit markets. In recent years, the United States credit markets (outside of multi-family) experienced significant liquidity disruptions, which caused
the spreads on debt financings to widen considerably and made obtaining financing, both non-recourse property debt and corporate borrowings, such as our revolving credit facility, more difficult. Additionally, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation,
or Freddie Mac, and Federal National Mortgage Association, or Fannie Mae, have historically provided significant capital in the secondary credit markets at a relatively low cost. Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae are currently under conservatorship of the
Housing Finance Agency, and their future role in the housing finance market is uncertain. Any significant reduction in Freddie Mac’s or Fannie Mae’s level of involvement in the secondary credit markets may adversely affect the pricing at
which we may obtain non-recourse property debt financing. 

If our ability to obtain financing is adversely
affected, we may be unable to satisfy scheduled maturities on existing financing through other sources of liquidity, which could result in lender foreclosure on the properties securing such debt and loss of income and asset value, each of which
would adversely affect our liquidity. 

Increases in interest rates would increase our interest expense and reduce our profitability.

As of December 31, 2011, on a consolidated basis, we had approximately $220.2 million of
variable-rate indebtedness outstanding and $37.0 million of variable rate preferred stock outstanding. Of the total debt subject to variable interest rates, floating rate tax-exempt bond financing was approximately $179.0 million. Floating rate
tax-exempt bond financing is benchmarked against the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association Municipal Swap Index, or SIFMA, rate, which since 1992 has averaged 75% of the 30-day LIBOR rate. If this historical relationship continues,
we estimate that an increase in 30-day LIBOR of 100 basis points (75 basis points for tax-exempt interest rates) with constant credit risk spreads would result in net income and net income attributable to Aimco common stockholders being reduced (or
the amounts of net loss and net loss attributable to Aimco common stockholders being increased) by $1.9 million on an annual basis. 

At December 31, 2011, we had approximately $389.0 million in cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and notes receivable, a portion of which bear interest at variable rates indexed to LIBOR-based
rates, and which may mitigate the effect of an increase in variable rates on our variable-rate indebtedness and preferred stock discussed above. 

Failure to generate sufficient net operating income may adversely affect our liquidity, limit our ability to fund necessary capital expenditures or adversely affect our ability to pay dividends.

Our ability to fund necessary capital expenditures on our properties depends on, among other things,
our ability to generate net operating income in excess of required debt payments. If we are unable to fund capital expenditures on our properties, we may not be able to preserve the competitiveness of our properties, which could adversely affect our
net operating income. 

Our ability to make payments to our investors depends on our ability to generate net
operating income in excess of required debt payments and capital expenditure requirements. Our net operating income and liquidity may be adversely affected by events or conditions beyond our control, including: 

•

 the general economic climate; 

•

 an inflationary environment in which the costs to operate and maintain our properties increase at a rate greater than our ability to increase rents,
which we can only do upon renewal of existing leases or at the inception of new leases; 

•

 competition from other apartment communities and other housing options; 

•

 local conditions, such as loss of jobs, unemployment rates or an increase in the supply of apartments, that might adversely affect apartment
occupancy or rental rates; 

•

 changes in governmental regulations and the related cost of compliance; 

8 

Table of Contents

•

 changes in tax laws and housing laws, including the enactment of rent control laws or other laws regulating multifamily housing; and

•

 changes in interest rates and the availability of financing. 

Covenant restrictions may limit our ability to make payments to our investors. 

Some of our debt and other securities contain covenants that restrict our ability to make distributions or other payments to our investors unless certain financial tests or other criteria are satisfied.
Our revolving credit facility provides, among other things, that we may make distributions to our investors during any four consecutive fiscal quarters in an aggregate amount that does not exceed the greater of 95% of our Funds From Operations for
such period, subject to certain non-cash adjustments, or such amount as may be necessary to maintain our REIT status. Our outstanding classes of preferred stock prohibit the payment of dividends on our Common Stock if we fail to pay the dividends to
which the holders of the preferred stock are entitled. 

Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, we may not be able to
sell properties when appropriate. 

Real estate investments are relatively illiquid and cannot always
be sold quickly. REIT tax rules also restrict our ability to sell properties. Thus, we may not be able to change our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other market conditions. Our ability to dispose of properties in the future
will depend on prevailing economic and market conditions, including the cost and availability of financing. This could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Competition could limit our ability to lease apartments or increase or maintain rents. 

Our apartment properties compete for residents with other housing alternatives, including other rental apartments and
condominiums, and, to a lesser degree, single-family homes that are available for rent, as well as new and existing condominiums and single-family homes for sale. Competitive residential housing in a particular area could adversely affect our
ability to lease apartments and to increase or maintain rental rates. Recent challenges in the credit and housing markets have increased housing inventory that competes to some extent with our apartment properties. 

Our subsidiaries may be prohibited from making distributions and other payments to us. 

All of our properties are owned, and all of our operations are conducted, by the Aimco Operating Partnership and our
other subsidiaries. As a result, we depend on distributions and other payments from the Aimco Operating Partnership and our other subsidiaries in order to satisfy our financial obligations and make payments to our investors. The ability of our
subsidiaries to make such distributions and other payments depends on their earnings and cash flows and may be subject to statutory or contractual limitations. As an equity investor in our subsidiaries, our right to receive assets upon their
liquidation or reorganization will be effectively subordinated to the claims of their creditors. To the extent that we are recognized as a creditor of such subsidiaries, our claims may still be subordinate to any security interest in or other lien
on their assets and to any of their debt or other obligations that are senior to our claims. 

Redevelopment and construction risks could
affect our profitability. 

We are currently redeveloping, and we intend to continue to redevelop, certain of our