The risk factors noted in this section and other factors noted
 throughout this Annual Report, describe certain risks and
 uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ
 materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.

 Our
 existing and future debt financing could render us unable to
 operate, result in foreclosure on our properties, prevent us
 from making distributions on our equity or otherwise adversely
 affect our liquidity.

 We are subject to the risk that our cash flow from operations
 will be insufficient to make required payments of principal and
 interest, and the risk that existing indebtedness may not be
 refinanced or that the terms of any refinancing will not be as
 favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness. If we fail to
 make required payments of principal and interest on secured
 debt, our lenders could foreclose on the properties and other
 collateral securing such debt, which would result in loss of
 income and asset value to us. As of December 31, 2010,
 substantially all of the properties that we owned or controlled
 were encumbered by debt. Our organizational documents do not
 limit the amount of debt that we may incur, and we have
 significant amounts of debt outstanding. Payments of principal
 and interest may leave us with insufficient cash resources to
 operate our properties or pay distributions required to be paid
 in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT.

 Disruptions
 in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain
 financing and the cost of available financing and could
 adversely affect our liquidity.

 Our ability to obtain financing and the cost of such financing
 depends on the overall condition of the United States credit
 markets and, to an important extent, on the level of involvement
 of certain government sponsored entities, specifically, Federal
 Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, or Freddie Mac, and Federal
 National Mortgage Association, or Fannie Mae, in secondary
 credit markets. In recent years, the United States credit
 markets (outside of multi-family) experienced significant
 liquidity disruptions, which caused the spreads on debt
 financings to widen considerably and made obtaining financing,
 both non-recourse property debt and corporate borrowings, such
 as our term loan or revolving credit facility, more difficult.

 During 2008, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, or FHFA, placed
 Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae into, and they currently remain
 under, conservatorship. In February 2011, the Obama
 Administration presented Congress with a set of proposals
 regarding the Federal government’s future role in the
 housing finance market, each of which included the winding down
 of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. Freddie Mac’s and Fannie
 Mae’s future relationship with the Federal government and
 their future role in the financial markets is uncertain. Any
 significant reduction in Freddie Mac’s or Fannie Mae’s
 level of involvement in the secondary credit markets may
 adversely affect our ability to obtain non-recourse property
 debt financing. Additionally, further or prolonged disruptions
 in the credit markets may also affect our ability to renew our
 credit facility with similar commitments or the cost of
 financing when it matures in May 2014 (inclusive of a one year
 extension option).

 If our ability to obtain financing is adversely affected, we may
 be unable to satisfy scheduled maturities on existing financing
 through other sources of liquidity, which could result in lender
 foreclosure on the properties securing such debt and loss of
 income and asset value, each of which would adversely affect our
 liquidity.

 8

Table of Contents

 Increases
 in interest rates would increase our interest expense and reduce
 our profitability.

 As of December 31, 2010, on a consolidated basis, we had
 approximately $470.3 million of variable-rate indebtedness
 outstanding and $57.0 million of variable rate preferred
 stock outstanding. Of the total debt subject to variable
 interest rates, floating rate tax-exempt bond financing was
 approximately $374.4 million. Floating rate tax-exempt bond
 financing is benchmarked against the Securities Industry and
 Financial Markets Association Municipal Swap Index, or SIFMA,
 rate, which since 1989 has averaged 75% of the
 30-day LIBOR
 rate. If this historical relationship continues, we estimate
 that an increase in

30-day LIBOR
 of 100 basis points (75 basis points for tax-exempt
 interest rates) with constant credit risk spreads would result
 in net income and net income attributable to Aimco common
 stockholders being reduced (or the amounts of net loss and net
 loss attributable to Aimco common stockholders being increased)
 by $3.9 million on an annual basis.

 At December 31, 2010, we had approximately
 $450.4 million in cash and cash equivalents, restricted
 cash and notes receivable, a portion of which bear interest at
 variable rates indexed to LIBOR-based rates, and which may
 mitigate the effect of an increase in variable rates on our
 variable-rate indebtedness and preferred stock discussed above.

 Failure
 to generate sufficient net operating income may adversely affect
 our liquidity, limit our ability to fund necessary capital
 expenditures or adversely affect our ability to pay
 dividends.

 Our ability to fund necessary capital expenditures on our