The following
are certain of the important factors that could cause our actual operating results to differ materially from those indicated or suggested by forward-looking statements made in this annual report on Form 10-K or presented elsewhere by management
from time to time. 

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may be unable to compete successfully against new entrants with
innovative approaches and established companies with greater resources. 

We compete in markets that are intensely competitive,
highly fragmented and rapidly changing. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience increased competition. Many of our current competitors, as well as a number of our potential competitors, have longer operating histories, greater name
recognition, broader customer relationships and industry alliances and substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. Some of our existing resellers are competitors. If one or more other resellers that generate
substantial revenues for us were to terminate our relationship or become a competitor or a reseller for a competitor, our business could be adversely affected. Other competitors may attract customers by offering less-sophisticated versions of
services than we provide at lower prices than those we charge. Given the relative ease with which some customers can potentially switch to another content delivery network provider, any 

10 

Table of Contents

differentiated offerings or lower pricing by competitors could lead to a rapid loss of customers. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly than we
can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. Some of our current or potential competitors may bundle their offerings with other services, software or hardware in a manner that may discourage website owners from
purchasing any service we offer. Increased competition could result in price and revenue reductions, loss of customers and loss of market share, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In addition, potential customers may decide to purchase or develop their own hardware, software and other technology solutions rather than
rely on an external provider like Akamai. As a result, our competitors include hardware manufacturers, software companies and other entities that offer Internet-related solutions that are not service-based. It is an important component of our growth
strategy to educate enterprises and government agencies about our services and convince them to entrust their content and applications to an external service provider, and Akamai in particular. If we are unsuccessful in such efforts, our business,
financial condition and results of operations could suffer. 

Prices we have been charging for some of our services have declined in recent years.
This decline may continue in the future as a result of, among other things, existing and new competition in the markets we serve. 

In recent quarters, we have lowered the prices we charge many of our customers for our content delivery services in order to remain competitive. This has been particularly true for the digital media services. Consequently, our historical
revenue rates may not be indicative of future revenues based on comparable traffic volumes. In addition, our operating expenses have increased on an absolute basis in each of 2006, 2007 and 2008. If we are unable to sell our services at acceptable
prices relative to our costs or if we are unsuccessful with our strategy of selling additional services and features to new or existing content delivery customers, our revenues and gross margins will decrease, and our business and financial results
will suffer. 

Failure to increase our revenues and keep our expenses consistent with revenues could prevent us from maintaining profitability at
recent levels or at all. 

We believe our revenue growth rate will decline in 2009 as a result of a number of factors including
increasing competition, the inevitable decline in growth rates as our revenues increase to higher levels and macroeconomic factors affecting certain aspects of our business. We also believe our operating margins will decrease because we have large
fixed expenses and expect to continue to incur significant bandwidth, sales and marketing, product development, administrative and other expenses. As a result, we may not be able to continue to maintain our current level of profitability in 2009 or
on a quarterly or annual basis thereafter. We announced a restructuring in November 2008 that included termination of the employment of approximately seven percent of our global workforce, which resulted in a charge of approximately $2.5 million in
2008. There is no guarantee that the restructuring will be sufficient to improve the alignment of our expenses with revenues or that future restructurings will not be required. Therefore, we will need to generate higher revenues to maintain
profitability at recent levels or at all. 

There are numerous factors that could, alone or in combination with other factors, impede our
ability to increase revenues and/or moderate expenses, including: 

•

 market pressure to decrease our prices; 

•

 significant increases in bandwidth costs or other operating expenses; 

•

 failure to increase sales of our core services; 

•

 any failure of our current and planned services and software to operate as expected; 

11 

Table of Contents

•

 loss of any significant customers or loss of existing customers at a rate greater than we increase our number of, and sales to, new customers or our sales to
existing customers; 

•

 unauthorized use of or access to content delivered over our network or network failures; 

•

 failure of a significant number of customers to pay our fees on a timely basis or at all or failure to continue to purchase our services in accordance with their
contractual commitments; and 

•

 inability to attract high-quality customers to purchase and implement our current and planned services. 

General global market and economic conditions may have an adverse impact on our operating performance and results of operations. 

Our business has been and could continue to be affected by general global economic and market conditions. Weakness in the United States and/or worldwide
economy has had and could continue to have a negative effect on our operating results, including decreases in revenues and operating cash flows. In particular, weakness in the online advertising market has affected and could continue to affect the
success of our ADS initiatives and could have a negative impact on our media and other customers. To the extent customers are unable to profitably monetize the content we deliver on their behalf, they may reduce or eliminate the traffic we deliver
on their behalf. Such reductions in traffic would lead to a reduction in our revenues. Additionally, in a down-cycle economic environment, we may experience the negative effects of increased competitive pricing pressure, customer loss and failures
by customers to pay amounts owed to us on a timely basis or at all. Suppliers on which we rely for servers, bandwidth, co-location and other services could also be negatively impacted by economic conditions which, in turn, could have a negative
impact on our operations or expenses. There can be no assurance, therefore, that current economic conditions or worsening economic conditions or a prolonged or recurring recession will not have a significant adverse impact on our operating results.

Our failure to manage growth, diversification and changes to our business could harm us. 

We have continued to grow, diversify and evolve our business both in the United States and internationally. It is unclear, however, whether such growth
will continue. In the event of a slowing in our rate of growth, we must also address the challenges of establishing an appropriate organizational size while maintaining the quality of our services. As a result of the diversification of our business,
personnel growth, acquisitions and international expansion in recent years, many of our employees are now based outside of our Cambridge, Massachusetts headquarters. If we are unable to effectively manage a large and geographically dispersed group
of employees or to anticipate our future personnel needs, our business may be adversely affected. 

As our business evolves, we must also
expand and adapt our operational infrastructure. Our business relies on our data systems, billing systems, and other operational and financial reporting and control systems. All of these systems have become increasingly complex in the recent past
due to the diversification and complexity of our business, acquisitions of new businesses with different systems and increased regulation over controls and procedures. To effectively manage our technical support infrastructure, we will need to
continue to upgrade and improve our data systems, billing systems and other operational and financial systems, procedures and controls. These upgrades and improvements will require a dedication of resources and in some cases are likely to be
complex. If we are unable to adapt our systems and organization in a timely and cost-effective manner to accommodate changing circumstances, our business may be adversely affected. 

Any unplanned interruption in the functioning of our network or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could reduce our revenues and harm our business, financial results and reputation.

Our business is dependent on providing our customers with fast, efficient and reliable distribution of applications and content
over the Internet. For our core services, we currently provide a standard guarantee that 

12 

Table of Contents

our networks will deliver Internet content 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. If we do not meet this standard, affected customers
will be entitled to credits. Our network or services could be disrupted by numerous events, including natural disasters, unauthorized access to our servers, failure or refusal of our third-party network providers to provide the necessary capacity,
power losses and intentional disruptions of our services, such as disruptions caused by software viruses or attacks by unauthorized users. Although we have taken steps to prevent such disruptions, there can be no assurance that attacks by
unauthorized users will not be attempted in the future, that our security measures will be effective, or that a successful attack would not be damaging. Any widespread interruption of the functioning of our network or services would reduce our
revenues and could harm our business, financial results and reputation. 

We may have insufficient transmission and server capacity, which could
result in interruptions in our services and loss of revenues. 

Our operations are dependent in part upon transmission capacity
provided by third-party telecommunications network providers. In addition, our distributed network must be sufficiently robust to handle all of our customers’ traffic. We believe that, absent extraordinary circumstances, we have access to
adequate capacity to provide our services; however, there can be no assurance that we are adequately prepared for unexpected increases in bandwidth demands by our customers. In addition, the bandwidth we have contracted to purchase may become
unavailable for a variety of reasons, including payment disputes or network providers going out of business. Any failure of these network providers to provide the capacity we require, due to financial or other reasons, may result in a reduction in,
or interruption of, service to our customers. If we do not have access to third-party transmission capacity, we could lose customers. If we are unable to obtain transmission capacity on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all, our business and
financial results could suffer. We may not be able to deploy on a timely basis enough servers to meet the needs of our customer base or effectively manage the functioning of those servers. In addition, damage or destruction of, or other denial of
access to, a facility where our servers are housed could result in a reduction in, or interruption of, service to our customers. 

Because our
services are complex and are deployed in complex environments, they may have errors or defects that could seriously harm our business. 

Our services are highly complex and are designed to be deployed in and across numerous large and complex networks that we do not control. From time to time, we have needed to correct errors and defects in our software. In the future, there
may be additional errors and defects in our software that may adversely affect our services. We may not have in place adequate quality assurance procedures to ensure that we detect errors in our software in a timely manner. If we are unable to
efficiently and cost-effectively fix errors or other problems that may be identified, or if there are unidentified errors that allow persons to improperly access our services, we could experience loss of revenues and market share, damage to our
reputation, increased expenses and legal actions by our customers. 

As part of our business strategy, we have entered into and may enter into or seek
to enter into business combinations and acquisitions that may be difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and divert management attention. 

In late 2006 and early 2007, we acquired Nine Systems Corporation, or Nine Systems, Netli and Red Swoosh. Additionally, we completed the acquisition of
acerno in November 2008. If attractive acquisition opportunities arise in the future, we may seek to enter into additional business combinations or purchases. Acquisitions are accompanied by a number of risks, including the difficulty of integrating
the operations and personnel of the acquired companies, the potential disruption of our ongoing business, the potential distraction of management, expenses related to the acquisition and potential unknown liabilities associated with acquired
businesses. Any inability to integrate completed acquisitions in an efficient and timely manner could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, we may not be able to recognize any expected synergies 

13 

Table of Contents

or benefits in connection with a future acquisition. If we are not successful in completing acquisitions that we may pursue in the future, we may incur
substantial expenses and devote significant management time and resources without a successful result. In addition, future acquisitions could require use of substantial portions of our available cash, as in the acerno acquisition, or, as in the Nine
Systems, Netli and Red Swoosh acquisitions, dilutive issuances of securities. 

Our stock price has been volatile. 

The market price of our common stock has been volatile. Trading prices may continue to fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, including
the following: 

•

 quarterly variations in operating results and announcements of innovations; 

•

 introduction of new products, services and strategic developments by us or our competitors; 

•

 business combinations and investments by us or our competitors; 

•

 variations in our revenue, expenses or profitability; 

•

 changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; 

•

 failure to meet the expectations of public market analysts; 

•

 unfavorable media coverage; 

•

 macro-economic factors; 

•

 our customers’ inability to access equity and credit markets; 

•

 performance by other companies in our industry; and 

•

 geopolitical conditions such as acts of terrorism or military conflicts. 

Any of these events may cause the price of our common stock to fall. In addition, the stock market in general, and the market prices for technology
companies in particular, have experienced significant volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of such companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock,
regardless of our operating performance. 

If we are unable to continue to innovate and respond to emerging technological trends and customers’
changing needs, our operating results may suffer. 

The market for our services is characterized by rapidly changing technology,
evolving industry standards and new product and service introductions. Our ability to provide new and innovative solutions is important to our future growth; other companies are also looking to offering Internet-related solutions, such as cloud
computing, to generate growth. These other companies may develop technological or business model innovations in the markets we seek to address that are, or are perceived to be, equivalent or superior to our services. In addition, our customers’
business models may change in ways that we do not anticipate and these changes could reduce or eliminate our customers’ needs for our services. Our operating results depend on our ability to adapt to market changes and develop and introduce new
services into existing and emerging markets. The process of developing new technologies is complex and uncertain; we must commit significant resources to developing new services or enhancements to our existing services before knowing whether our
investments will result in services the market will accept. Furthermore, we may not execute successfully our technology initiatives because of errors in planning or timing, technical hurdles that we fail to overcome in a timely fashion,
misunderstandings about market demand or a lack of appropriate resources. Failures in execution or market acceptance of new services we introduce could result in competitors providing those solutions before we do and, consequently, loss by us of
market share, revenues and earnings. 

14 

Table of Contents

If the accounting estimates we make, and the assumptions on which we rely, in preparing our financial statements
prove inaccurate, our actual results may be adversely affected. 

Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments about, among other things, taxes, revenue recognition, stock-based compensation
costs, capitalization of internal-use software, investments, contingent obligations, allowance for doubtful accounts, intangible assets and restructuring charges. These estimates and judgments affect the reported amounts of our assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses, the amounts of charges accrued by us, such as those made in connection with our restructuring charges, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances and at the time they are made. If our estimates or the assumptions underlying them are not correct, actual results may differ materially from our estimates and we may need
to, among other things, accrue additional charges that could adversely affect our results of operations, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. 

Future changes in financial accounting standards may adversely affect our reported results of operations. 

A change
in accounting standards can have a significant effect on our reported results. New accounting pronouncements and interpretations of accounting pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. These new accounting pronouncements may
adversely affect our reported financial results. 

A substantial portion of our marketable securities are invested in auction rate securities.
Continued failures in the auctions for these securities may affect our liquidity. 

We held $287.1 million in par value of auction
rate securities, or ARS, as of December 31, 2008, which represented approximately 47% of our total short- and long-term marketable securities of $615.6 million as of that date. ARS are securities that are structured to allow for short-term
interest rate resets but with contractual maturities that can be well in excess of ten years. At the end of each reset period, which typically occurs every seven to 35 days, investors can sell or continue to hold the securities at par. Beginning in
February 2008, the majority of ARS in the marketplace, including the ARS that we hold in our portfolio, failed auction due to sell orders exceeding buy orders. Such failures resulted in the interest rate on these ARS resetting to predetermined rates
in accordance with the underlying loan agreement, which might be lower than the current market rate of interest. In the event we need to liquidate our investments in these types of securities including for purposes of funding our operations, we will
not be able to do so until a future auction on these investments in which demand equals or exceeds the supply of such securities being offered, the issuer redeems the outstanding securities, a buyer is found outside the auction process, the
securities mature or there is a default requiring immediate payment from the issuer. These alternative liquidation measures may require that we sell our ARS at a substantial discount to par value. In the future, should the ARS we hold be subject to
prolonged auction failures and we determine that the decline in value of ARS is other-than-temporary, we would recognize a loss in our consolidated statement of operations, which could be material. In addition, any future failed auctions may
adversely impact the liquidity of our investments and our ability to fund our operations. Furthermore, if one or more of the issuers of the ARS held in our portfolio are unable to successfully close future auctions and their credit ratings
deteriorate, we may be required to adjust the carrying value of these investments through additional impairment charges, which could be material. 

If
we are unable to retain our key employees and hire qualified sales and technical personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed. 

Our future success depends upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key technology, sales, marketing and support personnel who have critical industry experience and relationships. There is increasing competition for
talented individuals in the regions in which our primary offices are located. This 

15 

Table of Contents

affects both our ability to retain key employees and hire new ones. None of our officers or key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any
specific term. We compensate our officers and employees in part through equity incentives, including stock options. A significant portion of these stock options held by our officers and employees have exercise prices in excess of the current market
price of our common stock, which has diminished the retentive value of such options. The loss of the services of any of our key employees could hinder or delay the implementation of our business model and the development and introduction of, and
negatively impact our ability to sell, our services. 

We may need to defend our intellectual property and processes against patent or copyright
infringement claims, which would cause us to incur substantial costs. 

Other companies or individuals, including our competitors,
may hold or obtain patents or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use or sell our services or develop new services, which could make it more difficult for us to increase revenues and improve or
maintain profitability. Companies holding Internet-related patents or other intellectual property rights are increasingly bringing suits alleging infringement of such rights against both technology providers and customers that use such technology.

We have agreed to indemnify our customers if our services infringe specified intellectual property rights; therefore, we could become
involved in litigation brought against customers if our services and technology are implicated. Any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, brought against us or pursuant to which we indemnify our customers could result in substantial costs and
diversion of resources and require us to do one or more of the following: 

•

 cease selling, incorporating or using products or services that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; 

•

 pay substantial damages and incur significant litigation expenses; 

•

 obtain a license from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right, which license may not be available on reasonable terms or at all; or

•

 redesign products or services. 

If
we are forced to take any of these actions, our business may be seriously harmed. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us and our failure or inability to obtain a license to the infringed technology, our business and operating
results could be materially adversely affected. 

Our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights
from unauthorized use or infringement by third parties. 

We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret
laws and restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. These legal protections afford only limited protection. We have previously brought lawsuits against entities that we believe are infringing our intellectual property
rights. Such lawsuits can be expensive and require a significant amount of attention of our management and technical personnel, and the outcomes are unpredictable. Monitoring unauthorized use of our services is difficult, and we cannot be certain
that the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use of our technology, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States. Although we have licensed from other parties
proprietary technology covered by patents, we cannot be certain that any such patents will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Such licenses may also be non-exclusive, meaning our competition may also be able to access such technology.
Furthermore, we cannot be certain that any pending or future patent applications will be granted, that any future patent will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or that rights granted under any patent that may be issued will provide
competitive advantages to us. 

16 

Table of Contents

If our license agreement with MIT terminates, our business could be adversely affected. 

We have licensed from MIT technology that is covered by various patents, patent applications and copyrights relating to Internet content delivery
technology. Some of our core technology is based in part on the technology covered by these patents, patent applications and copyrights. Our license is effective for the life of the patents and patent applications; however, under limited
circumstances, such as a cessation of our operations due to our insolvency or our material breach of the terms of the license agreement, MIT has the right to terminate our license. A termination of our license agreement with MIT could have a
material adverse effect on our business. 

We face risks associated with international operations that could harm our business. 

We have operations in numerous foreign countries and may continue to expand our sales and support organizations internationally. Such expansion could
require us to make significant expenditures. We are increasingly subject to a number of risks associated with international business activities that may increase our costs, lengthen our sales cycle and require significant management attention. These
risks include: 

•

 increased expenses associated with marketing services in foreign countries; 

•

 currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

•

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements resulting in unanticipated costs and delays; 

•

 interpretations of laws or regulations that would subject us to regulatory supervision or, in the alternative, require us to exit a country, which could have a
negative impact on the quality of our services or our results of operations; 

•

 uncertainty regarding liability for content or services; 

•

 adjusting to different employee/employer relationships and different regulations governing such relationships; 

•

 longer accounts receivable payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; and 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences. 

Any
failure to meet our debt obligations would damage our business. 

We have long-term debt. As of December 31, 2008, our total
long-term debt was $199.9 million. If we are unable to remain profitable or if we use more cash than we generate in the future, our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our future operations by increasing our vulnerability to adverse
changes in general economic and industry conditions and by limiting or prohibiting our ability to obtain additional financing for future capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate and other purposes. In addition, if we are unable to
make interest or principal payments when due, we would be in default under the terms of our long-term debt obligations, which would result in all principal and interest becoming due and payable which, in turn, would seriously harm our business.

Changes in regulations or user concerns regarding privacy and protection of user data could adversely affect our business. 

Federal, state, foreign and international laws and regulations may govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of data that we receive
from our customers, visitors to their websites and others. In addition, we have and post on our website our own privacy policy concerning the collection, use and disclosure of user data. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our
posted privacy policies or with any privacy- related laws, government regulations or directives, or industry self-regulatory principles could result in damage to our reputation or proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others,
which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. 

17 

Table of Contents

A large number of legislative proposals pending before the United States Congress, various state
legislative bodies and foreign governments concern data privacy and retention issues related to our business, particularly the advertising-related services we have begun to offer. It is not possible to predict whether, when, or the extent to which
such legislation may be adopted. In addition, the interpretation and application of user data protection laws are currently unsettled. These laws may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and inconsistently with
our current data protection policies and practices. Complying with these varying international requirements could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 

Internet-related and other laws could adversely affect our business. 

Laws and regulations that apply to communications and commerce over the Internet are becoming more prevalent. In particular, the growth and development of the market for online commerce has prompted calls for more
stringent tax, consumer protection and privacy laws, both in the United States and abroad, that may impose additional burdens on companies conducting business online or providing Internet-related services such as ours. The adoption of an of these
measures could negatively affect both our business directly as well as the businesses of our customers, which could reduce their demand for our services. Local tax laws that might apply to our servers, which are located in many different
jurisdictions, could require us to pay additional taxes in those jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our continued profitability. We have recorded certain tax reserves to address potential exposures involving our sales and use and franchise
tax positions. These potential tax liabilities result from the varying application of statutes, rules, regulations and interpretations by different jurisdictions. Our reserves, however, may not be adequate to reflect our total actual liability.
Congress has been contemplating net neutrality legislation. The adoption of laws regulating the operation of the Internet could affect our business. As a government contractor, we are also subject to numerous laws and regulations. If we fail to
comply with applicable requirements, then we could face penalties, contract terminations and damage to our reputation. We also may be required to devote substantial resources to the development and improvement of procedures to ensure compliance with
applicable regulations. 

If our ability to deliver media files in popular proprietary content formats were to become restricted or cost-prohibitive,
demand for our content delivery services could decline, we could lose customers and our financial results could suffer. 

Our business depends on our ability to deliver media content in all major formats. If our legal
right or technical ability to store and deliver content in one or more popular proprietary content formats, such as Adobe®
 Flash
®

or Windows
®
 Media
®
, was limited, our ability to serve our customers in these formats would be impaired and the demand for our
content delivery services would decline by customers using these formats. Owners of propriety content formats may be able to block, restrict or impose fees or other costs on our use of such formats, which could lead to additional expenses for us and
for our customers, or which could prevent our delivery of this type of content altogether. Such interference could result in a loss of existing customers, increased costs and impairment of our ability to attract new customers, which would harm our
revenue, operating results and growth. 

Provisions of our charter documents, our stockholder rights plan and Delaware law may have anti-takeover
effects that could prevent a change in control even if the change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. 

Provisions of
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated by-laws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be beneficial to our stockholders. In addition, our Board of
Directors has adopted a stockholder rights plan the provisions of which could make it more difficult for a potential acquirer of Akamai to consummate an acquisition transaction without the approval of our Board of Directors. 

18 

Table of Contents

If we are required to seek additional funding, such funding may not be available on acceptable terms or at all.

If we seek to acquire significant businesses or technologies or require more cash to fund our future plans, we may need to obtain
funding from outside sources. The current economic environment makes it difficult for companies to obtain financing, particularly raising debt financing or implementing credit facilities. Therefore, we may not be able to raise additional capital,
which could limit future actions we may want to take. Even if we were to find outside funding sources, we might be required to issue securities with greater rights than the securities we have outstanding today or issue debt that places restrictions
on our future activities. We might also be required to take other actions that could lessen the value of our common stock, including borrowing money on terms that are not favorable to us. 

A class action lawsuit has been filed against us and an adverse resolution of such action could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations in the period in which the lawsuit is resolved. 

We are named as a defendant in a purported class action
lawsuit filed in 2001 alleging that the underwriters of our initial public offering received undisclosed compensation in connection with our initial public offering of common stock in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. See Note 11 to the financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K for more information. Any conclusion of these matters in a manner adverse to us could have a material adverse
affect on our financial position and results of operations. 

We may become involved in other litigation that may adversely affect us.

In the ordinary course of business, we are or may become involved in litigation, administrative proceedings and governmental
proceedings. Such matters can be time-consuming, divert management’s attention and resources and cause us to incur significant expenses. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the results of any of these actions will not have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.