The following
are certain of the important factors that could cause our actual operating results to differ materially from those indicated or suggested by forward-looking statements made in this annual report on Form 10-K or presented elsewhere by management
from time to time. 

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may be unable to compete successfully against new entrants with
innovative approaches and established companies with greater resources. 

We compete in markets that are intensely competitive,
highly fragmented and rapidly changing. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience increased competition. Many of our current competitors, as well as a number of our potential competitors, have longer operating histories, greater name
recognition, broader customer relationships and industry alliances and substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. Some of our existing resellers are potential competitors. If one or more resellers that generate
substantial revenues for us were to terminate our relationship and become a competitor or a reseller for a competitor, our business could be adversely affected. Other competitors may attract customers by offering less-sophisticated versions of
services than we provide at lower prices than those we charge. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. Some of our current or potential competitors may
bundle their offerings with other services, software or hardware in a manner that may discourage website owners from purchasing any service we offer. Increased competition could result in price and revenue reductions, loss of customers and loss of
market share, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition,
potential customers may decide to purchase or develop their own hardware, software and other technology solutions rather than rely on an external provider like Akamai. As a result, our competitors include hardware manufacturers, software companies
and other entities that offer Internet-related solutions that are not service-based. It is an important component of our growth strategy to educate enterprises and government agencies about our services and convince them to entrust their content and
applications to an external service provider, and Akamai in particular. If we are unsuccessful in such efforts, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. 

Prices we have been charging for some of our services have declined in recent years. We expect that this decline may continue in the future as a result of, among other things, existing and new competition in the
markets we serve. 

In recent quarters, we have lowered the prices we charge our customers for our content delivery services in order
to remain competitive. Consequently, our historical revenue rates may not be indicative of future revenues based on comparable traffic volumes. In addition, our operating expenses have increased on an absolute basis in each of 2005, 2006 and 2007.
If we are unable to sell our services at acceptable prices relative to our costs or if we are unsuccessful with our strategy of selling additional services and features to our existing content delivery customers, our revenues and gross margins will
decrease, and our business and financial results will suffer. 

11 

Table of Contents

Failure to increase our revenues and keep our expenses consistent with revenues could prevent us from maintaining
profitability at recent levels or at all. 

We may not be able to maintain our current level of profitability on a quarterly or
annual basis. We have large fixed expenses, and we expect to continue to incur significant bandwidth, sales and marketing, product development, administrative and other expenses. Therefore, we will need to generate higher revenues to maintain
profitability at recent levels or at all. There are numerous factors that could, alone or in combination with other factors, impede our ability to increase revenues and/or moderate expenses, including: 

•

 market pressure to decrease our prices; 

•

 significant increases in bandwidth costs or other operating expenses; 

•

 failure to increase sales of our core services; 

•

 any failure of our current and planned services and software to operate as expected; 

•

 loss of any significant customers or loss of existing customers at a rate greater than we increase our number of, and sales to, new customers or our sales to
existing customers; 

•

 unauthorized use or access to content delivered over our network or network failures; 

•

 failure of a significant number of customers to pay our fees on a timely basis or at all or failure to continue to purchase our services in accordance with their
contractual commitments; and 

•

 inability to attract high-quality customers to purchase and implement our current and planned services. 

Our failure to manage growth, diversification and changes to our business could harm us. 

We are continuing to grow, diversify and evolve our business both in the United States and internationally. As a result of the diversification of our
business, personnel growth, acquisitions and international expansion in the recent years, many of our employees are now based outside of our Cambridge, Massachusetts headquarters. If we are unable to effectively manage a large and geographically
dispersed group of employees or to anticipate our future growth and personnel needs, our business may be adversely affected. 

As we grow
and diversify our business, we must also expand and adapt our operational infrastructure. Our business relies on our data systems, billing systems, and other operational and financial reporting and control systems. All of these systems have become
increasingly complex in the recent past due to the growing diversification and complexity of our business, acquisitions of new businesses with different systems and increased regulation over controls and procedures. To effectively manage our
technical support infrastructure, we will need to continue to upgrade and improve our data systems, billing systems and other operational and financial systems, procedures and controls. These upgrades and improvements will require a dedication of
resources and in some cases are likely to be complex. If we are unable to adapt our systems in a timely manner to accommodate our growth, our business may be adversely affected. 

Any unplanned interruption in the functioning of our network or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could reduce our revenues and harm our business, financial results and reputation.

Our business is dependent on providing our customers with fast, efficient and reliable distribution of application and content
delivery services over the Internet. For our core services, we currently provide a standard guarantee that our networks will deliver Internet content 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. If we do not meet this standard, our
customer does not pay for all or a part of its service on that day. Our network or services could be disrupted by numerous events, including natural disasters, unauthorized access to our servers, failure or refusal of our third-party network
providers to provide the necessary capacity, power losses and intentional disruptions of our services, such as disruptions caused by software viruses or attacks by unauthorized users. Although we have taken steps to prevent such disruptions, there
can be no assurance that attacks by 

12 

Table of Contents

unauthorized users will not be attempted in the future, that our enhanced security measures will be effective or that a successful attack would not be
damaging. Any widespread interruption of the functioning of our network or services would reduce our revenues and could harm our business, financial results and reputation. 

We may have insufficient transmission and server capacity, which could result in interruptions in our services and loss of revenues. 

Our operations are dependent in part upon transmission capacity provided by third-party telecommunications network providers. In addition, our distributed
network must be sufficiently robust to handle all of our customers’ traffic. We believe that we have access to adequate capacity to provide our services; however, there can be no assurance that we are adequately prepared for unexpected
increases in bandwidth demands by our customers. In addition, the bandwidth we have contracted to purchase may become unavailable for a variety of reasons, including payment disputes or network providers going out of business. Any failure of these
network providers to provide the capacity we require, due to financial or other reasons, may result in a reduction in, or interruption of, service to our customers. If we do not have access to third-party transmission capacity, we could lose
customers. If we are unable to obtain transmission capacity on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all, our business and financial results could suffer. We may not be able to deploy on a timely basis enough servers to meet the needs of our
customer base or effectively manage the functioning of those servers. In addition, damage or destruction of, or other denial of access to, a facility where our servers are housed could result in a reduction in, or interruption of, service to our
customers. 

Because our services are complex and are deployed in complex environments, they may have errors or defects that could seriously harm our
business. 

Our services are highly complex and are designed to be deployed in and across numerous large and complex networks. From
time to time, we have needed to correct errors and defects in our software. In the future, there may be additional errors and defects in our software that may adversely affect our services. We may not have in place adequate quality assurance
procedures to ensure that we detect errors in our software in a timely manner. If we are unable to efficiently fix errors or other problems that may be identified, or if there are unidentified errors that allow persons to improperly access our
services, we could experience loss of revenues and market share, damage to our reputation, increased expenses and legal actions by our customers. 

As
part of our business strategy, we have entered into and may enter into or seek to enter into business combinations and acquisitions that may be difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value or divert management attention.

We acquired three companies in late 2006 and early 2007: Nine Systems Corporation, or Nine Systems, Netli and Red Swoosh. If
attractive acquisition opportunities arise in the future, we may seek to enter into additional business combinations or purchases. Acquisitions are typically accompanied by a number of risks, including the difficulty of integrating the operations
and personnel of the acquired companies, the potential disruption of our ongoing business, the potential distraction of management, expenses related to the acquisition and potential unknown liabilities associated with acquired businesses. Any
inability to integrate completed acquisitions in an efficient and timely manner could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. If we are not successful in completing acquisitions that we may pursue in the future, we may incur substantial
expenses and devote significant management time and resources without a successful result. In addition, future acquisitions could require use of substantial portions of our available cash or, as in the Nine Systems, Netli and Red Swoosh
acquisitions, dilutive issuances of securities. 

Our stock price has been volatile. 

The market price of our common stock has been volatile. Trading prices may continue to fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, including
the following: 

•

 quarterly variations in operating results and announcements of innovations; 

13 

Table of Contents

•

 new products, services and strategic developments by us or our competitors; 

•

 business combinations and investments by us or our competitors; 

•

 variations in our revenue, expenses or profitability; 

•

 changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; 

•

 failure to meet the expectations of public market analysts; 

•

 performance by other companies in our industry; and 

•

 geopolitical conditions such as acts of terrorism or military conflicts. 

Any of these events may cause the price of our shares to fall. In addition, the stock market in general and the market prices for technology companies in
particular have experienced significant volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of such companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our shares, regardless of our
operating performance. 

If we are unable to continue to innovate and respond to emerging technological trends and customers’ changing needs, our
operating results may suffer. 

The market for our services is characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry
standards and new product and service introductions. Other companies may develop technological or business model innovations that address content delivery and application acceleration requirements in ways that are, or are perceived to be, equivalent
or superior to our services. In addition, our customers’ business models may change in ways that we do not anticipate and these changes could reduce or eliminate our customers’ needs for our services. Our operating results depend on our
ability to adapt to market changes and develop and introduce new services into existing and emerging markets. The process of developing new technologies is complex and uncertain; we must commit significant resources to developing new services or
enhancements to our existing services before knowing whether our investments will result in services the market will accept. Furthermore, we may not execute successfully our technology initiatives because of errors in planning or timing, technical
hurdles that we fail to overcome in a timely fashion, misunderstandings about market demand or a lack of appropriate resources. Failures in execution or market acceptance of new services we introduce could result in competitors providing those
solutions before we do and, consequently, loss of market share, revenues and earnings. 

If the estimates we make, and the assumptions on which we
rely, in preparing our financial statements prove inaccurate, our actual results may be adversely affected. 

Our financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments about, among other things, taxes,
revenue recognition, stock-based compensation costs, capitalization of internal-use software, contingent obligations, doubtful accounts, intangible assets and restructuring charges. These estimates and judgments affect the reported amounts of our
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, the amounts of charges accrued by us, such as those made in connection with our restructuring charges, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances and at the time they are made. If our estimates or the assumptions underlying them are not correct, we may need to accrue additional charges that
could adversely affect our results of operations, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. 

A substantial portion of our short-term
marketable securities is invested in highly-rated auction rate securities. Failures in these auctions may affect our liquidity. 

A
substantial percentage of our marketable securities portfolio is invested in highly-rated municipal auction rate securities. Auction rate securities are securities that are structured to allow for short-term interest rate resets but with contractual
maturities that can be well in excess of ten years. At the end of each reset period, which typically occurs every 28 days, investors can sell or continue to hold the securities at par. During February 2008, 

14 

Table of Contents

the majority of auction rate securities in the marketplace, including certain auction rate securities that we held in our portfolio, failed auction due to
sell orders exceeding buy orders. Such failures resulted in the interest rate on these investments resetting to predetermined rates in accordance with the underlying loan agreement, which might be higher or lower than the current market rate of
interest. In the event we need to liquidate our investments in these types of securities, we will not be able to do so until a future auction on these investments is successful, the issuer redeems the outstanding securities, a buyer is found outside
the auction process, the securities mature, or there is a default requiring immediate repayment from the issuer. In the future, should the auction rate securities we hold be subject to additional auction failures and/or we determine that the decline
in value of auction rate securities are other than temporary, we would recognize a loss in our consolidated statement of operations, which could be material. In addition, any future failed auctions may adversely impact the liquidity of our
investments. Furthermore, if one or more issuers of the auction rate securities held in our portfolio are unable to successfully close future auctions and their credit ratings deteriorate, we may be required to adjust the carrying value of these
investments through an impairment charge, which could be material. 

Future changes in financial accounting standards may adversely affect our
reported results of operations. 

A change in accounting standards can have a significant effect on our reported results. New
accounting pronouncements and interpretations of accounting pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. These new accounting pronouncements may adversely affect our reported financial results. 

If we are unable to retain our key employees and hire qualified sales and technical personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed. 

Our future success depends upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key technology, sales, marketing and support personnel who have
critical industry experience and relationships. There is increasing competition for talented individuals in the areas in which our primary offices are located. This affects both our ability to retain key employees and hire new ones. None of our
officers or key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term. The loss of the services of any of our key employees could delay the development and introduction of, and negatively impact our ability to sell, our services.

If our license agreement with MIT terminates, our business could be adversely affected. 

We have licensed technology from MIT covered by various patents, patent applications and copyrights relating to Internet content delivery technology. Some
of our core technology is based in part on the technology covered by these patents, patent applications and copyrights. Our license is effective for the life of the patents and patent applications; however, under limited circumstances, such as a
cessation of our operations due to our insolvency or our material breach of the terms of the license agreement, MIT has the right to terminate our license. A termination of our license agreement with MIT could have a material adverse effect on our
business. 

We may need to defend our intellectual property and processes against patent or copyright infringement claims, which would cause us to
incur substantial costs. 

Other companies or individuals, including our competitors, may hold or obtain patents or other proprietary
rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use or sell our services or develop new services, which could make it more difficult for us to increase revenues and improve or maintain profitability. Companies holding
Internet-related patents or other intellectual property rights are increasingly bringing suits alleging infringement of such rights against both technology providers and customers that use such technology. We have agreed to indemnify our customers
if our services infringe specified intellectual property rights; therefore, we could become involved in litigation brought against customers if our services and technology are implicated. Any litigation or claims, whether or not valid, could result
in substantial costs and diversion of resources and require us to do one or more of the following: 

•

 cease selling, incorporating or using products or services that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; 

•

 pay substantial damages and incur significant litigation expenses; 

15 

Table of Contents

•

 obtain a license from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right, which license may not be available on reasonable terms or at all; or

•

 redesign products or services. 

If
we are forced to take any of these actions, our business may be seriously harmed. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us and our failure or inability to obtain a license to the infringed technology, our business and operating
results could be materially adversely affected. 

Our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights
from unauthorized use or infringement by third parties. 

We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret
laws and restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. These legal protections afford only limited protection. We have previously brought lawsuits against entities that we believe are infringing our intellectual property
rights. Such lawsuits can be expensive and require a significant amount of attention of our management and technical personnel, and the outcomes are unpredictable. Monitoring unauthorized use of our services is difficult and we cannot be certain
that the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use of our technology, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States. Although we have licensed from other parties
proprietary technology covered by patents, we cannot be certain that any such patents will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Furthermore, we cannot be certain that any pending or future patent applications will be granted, that any
future patent will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or that rights granted under any patent that may be issued will provide competitive advantages to us. 

We face risks associated with international operations that could harm our business. 

We have
operations in several foreign countries and may continue to expand our sales and support organizations internationally. Such expansion could require us to make significant expenditures. We are increasingly subject to a number of risks associated
with international business activities that may increase our costs, lengthen our sales cycle and require significant management attention. These risks include: 

•

 increased expenses associated with marketing services in foreign countries; 

•

 currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

•

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements resulting in unanticipated costs and delays; 

•

 interpretations of laws or regulations that would subject us to regulatory supervision or, in the alternative, require us to exit a country, which could have a
negative impact on the quality of our services or our results of operations; 

•

 longer accounts receivable payment cycles and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; and 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences. 

Any
failure to meet our debt obligations would damage our business. 

We have long-term debt. As of December 31, 2007, our total
long-term debt was $199.9 million. If we are unable to remain profitable or if we use more cash than we generate in the future, our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our future operations by increasing our vulnerability to adverse
changes in general economic and industry conditions and by limiting or prohibiting our ability to obtain additional financing for future capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate and other purposes. In addition, if we are unable to
make interest or principal payments when due, we would be in default under the terms of our long-term debt obligations, which would result in all principal and interest becoming due and payable which, in turn, would seriously harm our business.

16 

Table of Contents

Internet-related and other laws could adversely affect our business. 

Laws and regulations that apply to communications and commerce over the Internet are becoming more prevalent. In particular, the growth and development of
the market for online commerce has prompted calls for more stringent tax, consumer protection and privacy laws, both in the United States and abroad, that may impose additional burdens on companies conducting business online or providing
Internet-related services such as ours. This could negatively affect both our business directly as well as the businesses of our customers, which could reduce their demand for our services. Tax laws that might apply to our servers, which are located
in many different jurisdictions, could require us to pay additional taxes that would adversely affect our continued profitability. We have recorded certain tax reserves to address potential exposures involving our sales and use and franchise tax
positions. These potential tax liabilities result from the varying application of statutes, rules, regulations and interpretations by different jurisdictions. Our reserves, however, may not be adequate to reflect our total actual liability. Congress
has been contemplating net neutrality legislation. The impact of the adoption of laws regulating the operation of the Internet could impact our business. As a government contractor, we are also subject to numerous laws and regulations. If we fail to
comply with applicable requirements, then we could face penalties, contract terminations and damage to our reputation. We also may be required to devote substantial resources to the development and improvement of procedures to ensure compliance with
applicable regulations. 

Economic conditions may have an adverse impact on our operating performance and results of operations. 

Our business could be affected by general economic conditions. Weakness in the United States or worldwide economy could have a negative effect on our
operating results, including decreases in revenues and operating cash flows. Additionally, in a down-cycle economic environment, we may experience the negative effects of increased competitive pricing pressure and customer turnover. There can be no
assurance that current economic conditions or worsening economic conditions or a prolonged or recurring recession will not have a significant adverse impact on our operating results. 

Provisions of our charter documents, our stockholder rights plan and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could prevent a change in control even if the change in control would be beneficial to our
stockholders. 

Provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated by-laws and Delaware law
could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be beneficial to our stockholders. In addition, our Board of Directors has adopted a stockholder rights plan the provisions of which could make it more difficult
for a potential acquirer of Akamai to consummate an acquisition transaction without the approval of our Board of Directors. 

If we are required to
seek additional funding, such funding may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

If our revenues decrease or grow more
slowly than we anticipate, if our operating expenses increase more than we expect or cannot be reduced in the event of lower revenues, or if we seek to acquire significant businesses or technologies, we may need to obtain funding from outside
sources. If we are unable to obtain this funding, our business would be materially and adversely affected. In addition, even if we were to find outside funding sources, we might be required to issue securities with greater rights than the securities
we have outstanding today. We might also be required to take other actions that could lessen the value of our common stock, including borrowing money on terms that are not favorable to us. In addition, we may not be able to raise any additional
capital. 

A class action lawsuit has been filed against us and an adverse resolution of such action could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations in the period in which the lawsuit is resolved. 

We are named as a defendant in a
purported class action lawsuit filed in 2001 alleging that the underwriters of our initial public offering received undisclosed compensation in connection with our initial public offering of 

17 

Table of Contents

common stock in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the Exchange
Act. See Item 3 of Part I of this annual report on Form 10-K for more information. Any conclusion of these matters in a manner adverse to us could have a material adverse affect on our financial position and results of operations.

We may become involved in other litigation that may adversely affect us. 

In the ordinary course of business, we are or may become involved in litigation, administrative proceedings and governmental proceedings. Such matters can
be time-consuming, divert management’s attention and resources and cause us to incur significant expenses. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the results of any of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations or financial condition.