.

The
Company cautions readers that its business activities involve risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
currently expected by management.  The most significant of those risks
are:

 ●  

 Risk of reduced selling prices
 and shipments associated with a cyclical
 industry.  Historically, the steel industry has been a
 cyclical industry.  The dramatic downturn in the domestic and
 global economies which began in the fall of 2008 adversely affected demand
 for the Company’s products, which has resulted in lower prices and
 shipments for such products.  Such lower prices and shipments
 caused a significant reduction in the Company’s sales in 2009 and, while
 there has been some improvement in recent months, it is likely that sales
 will not return to pre-2009 levels during 2010.  This downturn
 in market conditions also may adversely impact the Company’s efforts to
 negotiate higher prices in 2010 with its contract customers.  At
 this time, it is impossible to determine when or if the domestic and/or
 global economies will return to pre-recession levels.  There
 thus is a risk of continued adverse impact on demand for the Company’s
 products, the prices for those products, and the Company’s sales and
 shipments of those products as a result of the ongoing weakness in the
 economy.  In addition, global economic conditions remain fragile
 and the possibility remains that the domestic or global economies may not
 recover as quickly as we have anticipated, or could even deteriorate,
 which likely would result in a corresponding fall in demand for the
 Company’s products and negatively impact the Company’s business, financial
 results and cash flows.

 5

 Table of Contents

 ●  

 Risk of severe financial
 hardship or bankruptcy of one of more of the Company’s major
 customers.   Many, if not most, of the Company’s
 customers have shared the immense financial and operational challenges
 faced by the Company during the recent intense recession.  For
 example, in 2009 two major automotive manufacturers, General Motors and
 Chrysler, received billions of dollars in loans from the federal
 government and went through a bankruptcy reorganization.  While
 both of those companies have emerged from bankruptcy and are operating,
 the domestic automotive industry continues to experience significantly
 reduced light vehicle sales compared to recent historic
 levels.  This continued weakness could lead to increased
 financial difficulties or even bankruptcy filings by other automotive
 manufacturers and suppliers to the automotive industry, many of whom are
 customers of the Company.  The Company could be adversely
 impacted by such financial hardship or bankruptcies.  The nature
 of that impact could be not only a reduction in future sales, but also a
 loss associated with the potential inability to collect all outstanding
 accounts receivables.  Either event could negatively impact the
 Company’s financial results and cash
flows.

 ●  

 Risk of reduced demand in key
 product markets.  Although significantly reduced from
 prior years, the automotive and housing markets remain important elements
 of the Company’s business.  Though conditions have improved in
 recent months, both markets continue to suffer from the severe economic
 downturn that started in the fall of 2008.  If North American
 automotive production, in general, or by one or more of the Company’s
 major automotive customers in particular, were to be further reduced
 significantly as a result of this economic downturn or other causes, it
 likely would negatively affect the Company’s sales, financial results and
 cash flows.  Similarly, if demand for the Company’s products
 sold to the housing market were to be further reduced significantly, it
 could negatively affect the Company’s sales, financial results and cash
 flows.

 ●  

 Risk of increased global steel
 production and imports.  Actions by the Company’s foreign
 or domestic competitors to increase production in and/or exports to the
 United States could result in an increased supply of steel in the United
 States, which could result in lower prices for the Company’s products and
 negatively impact the Company’s sales, financial results and cash
 flows.  In fact, significant planned increases in production
 capacity in the United States have been announced by competitors of the
 Company and new steelmaking and finishing facilities are under
 construction.  In addition, foreign competitors, especially
 those in China, have substantially increased their production capacity in
 the last few years.  This increased foreign production has
 contributed to a high level of imports of foreign steel into the United
 States in recent years and creates a risk of even greater levels of
 imports, depending upon foreign market and economic conditions, the value
 of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies, and other such variables
 beyond the Company’s control.  This would adversely affect the
 Company’s sales, financial results and cash
 flows.

 ●  

 Risk of changes in the cost of
 raw materials and energy.  Approximately 55% of the
 Company’s shipments are pursuant to contracts having durations of six
 months or more.  Approximately 83% of the Company’s shipments to
 contract customers include variable pricing mechanisms to adjust the price
 or to impose a surcharge based upon changes in certain raw material and
 energy costs, but those adjustments do not always reflect all of the
 underlying raw material and energy cost changes.  Many of the
 Company’s contracts contain fixed prices that do not allow a pass through
 of all of the raw material and energy cost increases or
 decreases.  Approximately 45% of the Company’s shipments are in
 the spot market, therefore pricing for these products fluctuates regularly
 based on prevailing market conditions.  Thus, the price at which
 the Company sells steel will not necessarily change in tandem with changes
 in its raw material and energy costs.  As a result, a
 significant increase in raw material or energy costs could adversely
 impact the Company’s financial results.  This impact can be
 exacerbated by the Company’s “last in, first out” (“LIFO”) method for
 valuing inventories when there are significant changes in the cost of raw
 materials or energy or in the Company’s raw material inventory
 levels.  The impact of LIFO accounting may be particularly
 significant with respect to period-to-period
 comparisons.

 ●  

 Risks relating to the supply of
 raw materials.  The Company has certain raw material
 supply contracts, particularly with respect to iron ore, which have terms
 providing for minimum annual purchases, subject to exceptions for force
 majeure and other circumstances impacting the legal enforceability of the
 contracts.  If demand for the Company’s products falls for an
 extended period significantly below what was projected at the time these
 contracts were entered into, the Company could be required to purchase
 quantities of raw materials, particularly iron ore, which exceed its

 6

 Table of Contents

anticipated future annual
 needs.  Conversely, however, if demand for the Company’s
 products increases beyond what was projected, there is a risk that the
 Company would not have adequate supplies of all raw materials under
 contract and that it might be unable to secure all of the raw materials it
 needs to meet the increased demand, or to secure them at reasonable prices
 that will not adversely impact the Company’s financial results and cash
 flows.

 ●  

 Risk of production disruption
 at the Company.  Under normal business conditions, the
 Company operates its facilities at production levels at or near
 capacity.  High levels of production are important to the
 Company’s financial results because they enable the Company to spread its
 fixed costs over a greater number of tons.  Production
 disruptions could be caused by the idling of facilities due to reduced
 demand, such as resulting from the recent economic
 downturn.  Such production disruptions also could be caused by
 unanticipated plant outages or equipment failures, particularly under
 circumstances where the Company lacks adequate redundant facilities, such
 as with respect to its hot mill.  Production also could be
 adversely impacted by transportation or raw material or energy supply
 disruptions, or poor quality of raw materials, particularly scrap, coal,
 coke, iron ore, alloys and purchased carbon slabs.  This would
 adversely affect the Company’s sales, financial results and cash
 flows.

 ●  

 Risks associated with the
 Company’s healthcare obligations.  The Company provides
 healthcare coverage to its active employees and its retirees, as well as
 to certain members of their families.  The Company is
 self-insured with respect to substantially all of its healthcare
 coverage.  While the Company has mitigated its exposure to
 rising healthcare costs through cost sharing and healthcare cost caps, the
 cost of providing such healthcare coverage is greater on a relative basis
 for the Company than for other steel companies against whom the Company
 competes which either provide a lesser level of benefits, require that
 their participants pay more for the benefits they receive, or do not
 provide coverage to as broad a group of participants (
e.g., they do not
 provide retiree healthcare benefits).  Moreover, litigation has
 been filed against the Company on behalf of various groups of its retirees
 alleging that the Company lacked the authority to impose certain cost
 sharing and healthcare cost caps.  If that litigation is
 successful, it could adversely affect the Company’s financial results and
 could adversely affect the long-term ability of the Company to provide
 future healthcare benefits.  In addition, the potential impacts
 of federal healthcare legislation could adversely affect the Company’s
 financial condition through increased
costs.

 ●  

 Risks associated with the
 Company’s pension obligations.  The Company’s pension
 trust is currently underfunded to meet its long-term obligations,
 primarily as a result of below-expectation investment returns in the early
 years of the prior decade, as well as the dramatic decline in the
 financial markets that began in late 2008.  The extent of
 underfunding is directly affected by changes in interest rates and asset
 returns in the securities markets.  It is also affected by the
 rate and age of employee retirements, along with other actuarial
 experiences compared to projections.  These items affect pension
 plan assets and the calculation of pension and other postretirement
 benefit obligations and expenses.  Such changes could increase
 the cost to the Company of those obligations, which could have a material
 adverse affect on the Company’s results and its ability to meet those
 obligations.  In addition, changes in the law, rules, or
 governmental regulations with respect to pension funding also could
 materially and adversely affect the cash flow of the Company and its
 ability to meet its pension and other benefit obligations.  In
 addition, under the method of accounting used by the Company with respect
 to its pension and other postretirement obligations, the Company is
 required to recognize into its results of operations, as a non-cash
 “corridor” adjustment, any unrecognized actuarial net gains or losses that
 exceed 10% of the larger of projected benefit obligations or plan
 assets.  A corridor charge, if required after a re-measurement
 of the Company’s pension obligations, historically has been recorded in
 the fourth quarter of the fiscal year.  In past years, these
 corridor charges have had a significant negative impact on the Company’s
 financial statements.

 ●  

 Risk of not timely reaching new
 labor agreements.  The labor agreement with the United
 Steelworkers of America Local 1865, which represents approximately 750
 hourly employees at the Company’s West Works located in Ashland, Kentucky,
 expires on September 1, 2010.  The Company intends to negotiate
 with the union to reach a new, competitive labor agreement in advance of
 the current expiration date.  The Company cannot predict at this
 time, however, when a new, competitive labor agreement with the union at
 the Ashland West Works will be reached or what the impact of such an
 agreement on the Company’s operating costs, operating income and cash

 7

 Table of Contents

 flow
 will be. There is the potential of a work stoppage at this location if the
 Company and the union cannot reach a timely agreement in contract
 negotiations.  If there were to be a work stoppage, it could
 have a material impact on the Company’s operations and financial
 results.

 ●  

 Risks associated with major
 litigation, arbitrations, environmental issues and other
 contingencies.  The Company has described several
 significant legal and environmental proceedings in Note 9 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 7 of this report.  An
 adverse result in one or more of those proceedings could negatively impact
 the Company’s financial results and cash
flows.

 ●  

 Risks associated with
 environmental compliance.  Due to the nature and extent
 of environmental issues affecting the Company’s operations and
 obligations, changes in application or scope of environmental regulations
 applicable to the Company could have a significant adverse impact on the
 Company’s operations and financial results and cash
 flows.

 ●  

 Risks associated with climate
 change and greenhouse gas emission limitations. The United States
 has not ratified the 1997 Kyoto Protocol Treaty (the “Kyoto Protocol”) and
 the Company does not produce steel in a country which has ratified that
 treaty. Negotiations for a treaty which would succeed the Kyoto Protocol
 are ongoing and it is not known yet what the terms of that successor
 treaty ultimately will be or if the United States will ratify it.  It
 appears, however, that limitations on greenhouse gas emissions may be
 imposed in the United States at some point in the future through federally
 enacted legislation.  Bills recently introduced in the United States
 Congress are aimed at limiting carbon emissions from companies which
 conduct business that is carbon-intensive.  Such bills, if
 enacted, would apply to the steel industry, generally, and the Company, in
 particular.  Among other potential material items, each bill
 includes a proposed system of carbon emission credits issued to certain
 companies, similar to the European Union’s existing “cap and trade”
 system.  That said, each of these bills is likely to be altered
 substantially as they move through the legislative process, making it
 difficult at this time to forecast what the final legislation, if any,
 will look like and the resulting effects on the Company.  If
 legislation similar to these bills is enacted, however, the Company likely
 will suffer negative financial impact as a result of increased energy,
 environmental and other costs in order to comply with the limitations that
 would be imposed on greenhouse gas emissions.  In addition, depending
 upon whether similar limitations are imposed globally, the legislation
 could negatively impact the Company’s ability to compete with foreign
 steel companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. 
 Unless and until the legislation is enacted and its terms are known,
 however, the Company cannot reasonably or reliably estimate the impact of
 such legislation on its financial condition, operating performance or
 ability to compete.

 ●  

 Risks associated with
 financial, credit, capital and/or banking markets.  In
 the ordinary course of business, the Company’s risks include its ability
 to access competitive financial, credit, capital and/or banking
 markets.  Currently, the Company believes it has adequate access
 to these markets to meet its reasonably anticipated business
 needs.  The Company both provides and receives normal trade
 financing to and from its customers and suppliers.  To the
 extent access to competitive financial, credit, capital and/or banking
 markets by the Company, or its customers or suppliers, is impaired, the
 Company’s operations, financial results and cash flows could be adversely
 impacted.

While
the previously listed items represent the most significant risks to the Company,
the Company regularly monitors and reports risks to management and the Board of
Directors by means of a formal Total Enterprise Risk Management
program.