.

The
Company cautions readers that its business activities involve risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
currently expected by management.  The most significant of those risks
are:

 ●  

 Risk of reduced selling prices
 and shipments associated with a cyclical
 industry.  Historically, the steel industry has been a
 cyclical industry.  The recent dramatic downturn in the domestic
 and global economies has adversely affected demand for the Company’s
 products, which has resulted in lower prices and shipments for such
 products.  Such lower prices and shipments have caused a
 reduction in the Company’s sales in recent months and likely will continue
 to do so well into 2009.  This downturn in market conditions
 also may adversely impact the Company’s efforts to negotiate higher prices
 in 2009 with its contract customers.  At this point, it is
 impossible to determine when the domestic and/or global economies will
 improve.  There thus continues to be a risk of continued or even
 greater adverse impact from the downturn

 7

 Table of Contents

 in those economies
 on demand for the Company's products, the prices for those products, and
 the Company’s sales and shipments of those
 products.

 ●  

 Risk of bankruptcy of one of
 more of the Company’s major customers.   All three
 of the major domestic automotive manufacturers, General Motors, Ford and
 Chrysler, have publicly acknowledged that they are experiencing extremely
 challenging financial conditions. Two of those domestic manufacturers have
 requested and received billions of dollars in loans from the federal
 government and have stated that, without those loans, they likely would
 have had to make a bankruptcy filing.  The third manufacturer,
 while not yet seeking a federal loan, has acknowledged that a financial
 failure by either of the other two could start a series of events that
 also could lead to its financial failure and a bankruptcy
 filing.  If any of these three major domestic automotive
 companies were to make a bankruptcy filing, it could lead to similar
 filings by suppliers to the automotive industry, many of whom are
 customers of the Company.  The Company thus could be adversely
 impacted not only directly by the bankruptcy of a major domestic
 automotive manufacturer, but also indirectly by the resultant bankruptcies
 of other customers who supply the automotive industry.  The
 nature of that impact could be not only a reduction in future sales, but
 also a loss associated with the potential inability to collect all
 outstanding accounts receivables.  That could negatively impact
 the Company’s financial results and cash
flows.

 ●  

 Risk of reduced demand in key
 product markets.  Although significantly reduced from
 prior years, the automotive and housing markets remain an important
 element of the Company’s business.  Both markets have suffered
 recently from a severe economic downturn.  If North American
 automotive production, in general, or by one or more of the Company’s
 major automotive customers in particular, were to be further reduced
 significantly as a result of this economic downturn, it likely would
 negatively affect the Company’s sales, financial results and cash
 flows.  Similarly, if demand for the Company’s products sold to
 the housing market were to be further reduced significantly, it could
 negatively affect the Company’s sales, financial results and cash
 flows.

 ● 

 Risk of increased global steel
 production and imports.  Actions by the Company’s foreign
 or domestic competitors to increase production in and/or exports to the
 United States could result in an increased supply of steel in the United
 States, which could result in lower prices for the Company’s
 products.  In fact, significant planned increases in production
 capacity in the United States have been announced by competitors of the
 Company.  In addition, foreign competitors, especially those in
 China, have substantially increased their production capacity in the last
 few years.  This increased foreign production has contributed to
 a historically high level of imports of foreign steel into the United
 States.  A 2006 decision by the International Trade Commission
 (the “ITC”) has increased the risk that a high level of imports will
 continue.  That decision
 discontinued
 antidumping and countervailing duties on, among other products, corrosion
 resistant flat steel products imported from Australia, Canada, France and
 Japan, while allowing such duties to continue for another five years with
 respect to such products imported from Germany and Korea.  The
 decision by the ITC to end the duties on corrosion resistant steel from
 the four countries noted above eventually could result in an increase in
 the volume of such steel products imported into the United States, which
 could result in a reduction in the pricing of such
 products.  Because a significant portion of the steel products
 produced and sold by the Company consists of various types of corrosion
 resistant flat steel products, such a result has the potential to
 negatively impact the Company’s net sales and thus its income and cash
 flows.  Following the ITC’s decision, appeals were filed with
 respect to the ITC’s determinations for Australia, Canada, France, and
 Japan by the Company and other domestic steel producers.  On
 December 23, 2008, the U.S. Court of International Trade (the “CIT”)
 affirmed those determinations.  The CIT decision can be appealed
 to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.  The
 Company has not yet decided whether to file such an appeal.  If
 such an appeal is filed, the Company at this time cannot predict its
 outcome.  The Company also cannot reliably estimate the future
 financial impact, if any, on the Company of the discontinuation of
 antidumping and countervailing duties on corrosion resistant flat steel
 products from Australia, Canada, France and
 Japan.

 ●  

 Risk of changes in the cost of
 raw materials and energy.  Approximately 50% of the
 Company’s shipments are pursuant to contracts having durations of six
 months or more.  Approximately 75% of the Company’s shipments to
 contract customers include variable pricing mechanisms to adjust the price
 or to impose a surcharge based upon changes in certain raw

 8

 Table of Contents

 material and energy
 costs, while others contain fixed prices that do not allow a pass through
 of all of the raw material and energy cost increases or
 decreases.  Approximately 50% of the Company’s shipments are in
 the spot market, therefore pricing for these products fluctuates regularly
 based on prevailing market conditions.  Thus, the price at which
 the Company sells steel will not necessarily change in tandem with changes
 in its raw material and energy costs.  As a result, a
 significant increase in raw material or energy costs could adversely
 impact the Company’s financial
results.

 ●  

 Risks of excess purchases and
 inventory of raw materials.  The Company has certain raw
 material supply contracts, particularly with respect to iron ore, which
 have terms providing for minimum annual purchases, subject to exceptions
 for force majeure and other circumstances impacting the legal
 enforceability of the contracts.  If those minimum purchase
 requirements were enforceable and enforced, the Company would be required
 to purchase quantities of raw materials, particularly iron ore, which
 significantly exceed its anticipated needs for 2009.  The
 Company has articulated to its suppliers various reasons why it believes
 those minimum purchase requirements should not be enforced and/or are
 unenforceable, and has engaged in negotiations with those suppliers to
 reach agreement on new purchase quantities for 2009.  If the
 Company does not succeed in reaching agreement with one or more of its raw
 material suppliers with respect to new minimum purchase quantities for
 2009, either through negotiation or litigation the Company would likely
 need to purchase more of a particular raw material in 2009 than it needs,
 negatively impacting its cash flow.  The Company already has reached
 final or tentative agreements, however, with most of its major suppliers
 on reduced minimum purchase requirements for 2009 and continues, as
 appropriate, to negotiate with its remaining suppliers whose contracts
 include minimum purchase
agreements.

 ●

 Risk of production disruption
 at the Company.  Under normal business conditions, the
 Company operates its facilities at production levels at or near
 capacity.  High levels of production are important to the
 Company’s financial results because they enable the Company to spread its
 fixed costs over a greater number of tons. Production disruptions could
 result in material negative impacts to the Company’s operations and
 financial results.  Such production disruptions could be caused
 by the idling of facilities due to reduced demand, such as resulting from
 the recent economic downturn.  Such production disruptions also
 could be caused by unanticipated plant outages, equipment failures,
 transportation disruptions, or unanticipated disruptions in the supply of,
 or poor quality of, raw materials, particularly scrap, coal, coke, iron
 ore, alloys and purchased carbon slabs, or in the supply of natural gas or
 other industrial gases.  This would adversely affect the
 Company’s sales, financial results and cash
 flows.

 ●

 Risks associated with the
 Company’s healthcare obligations.  The Company provides
 healthcare coverage to its active employees and its retirees, as well as
 to certain members of their families.  The Company is
 self-insured with respect to substantially all of its healthcare
 coverage.  While the Company has mitigated its exposure to
 rising healthcare costs through cost sharing and healthcare cost caps, the
 cost of providing such healthcare coverage is greater on a relative basis
 for the Company than for other steel companies against whom the Company
 competes which either provide a lesser level of benefits, require that
 their participants pay more for the benefits they receive, or do not
 provide coverage to as broad a group of participants (
e.g. they do not
 provide retiree healthcare benefits). To try to reduce this competitive
 cost disadvantage, the Company entered into a settlement with a class of
 retirees from its Middletown Works which would result in the
 responsibility for future healthcare benefits to such class members being
 assumed by a Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association to be funded by
 the Company.  That settlement was approved by a federal court in
 Cincinnati, Ohio on February 21, 2008.  For a more detailed
 description of this settlement, see the discussion in the 
Legal Proceedings
 section below. An appeal from the approval of the settlement is
 pending.  A failure of the appellate court to approve the
 settlement would result in the Company reverting to a more significant
 cost disadvantage relative to its competitors.  This competitive
 disadvantage could be compounded by an escalation in medical cost trend
 rates that affects active employee and retiree benefit
 expenses.  This would adversely affect the Company’s financial
 results and could adversely affect the long-term ability of the Company to
 provide future healthcare benefits.

 9

 Table of Contents

 ●  

 Risks associated with the
 Company’s pension obligations.  The Company’s pension
 trust is currently underfunded to meet its long-term obligations,
 primarily as a result of below-expectation investment returns in the early
 years of this decade, as well as the recent dramatic decline in the
 financial markets.  The extent of underfunding is directly
 affected by changes in interest rates and asset returns in the securities
 markets.  It is also affected by the rate and age of employee
 retirements, along with other actuarial experiences compared to
 projections.  These items affect pension plan assets and the
 calculation of pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and
 expenses.  Such changes could increase the cost to the Company
 of those obligations, which could have a material adverse affect on the
 Company’s results and its ability to meet those obligations.  In
 addition, changes in the law, rules, or governmental regulations with
 respect to pension funding also could materially and adversely affect the
 cash flow of the Company to meet its pension and other benefit
 obligations.  These items could affect the Company’s pension
 funding contributions.

 ●  

 Risks associated with major
 litigation, arbitrations, environmental issues and other
 contingencies.  The Company has described several
 significant legal and environmental proceedings in Items 1 and 3 of this
 report.  An adverse result in one or more of those proceedings
 could negatively impact the Company’s financial results and cash
 flows.

 ●

 Risks associated with
 environmental compliance.  Due to the nature and extent
 of environmental issues affecting the Company’s operations and
 obligations, changes in application or scope of environmental regulations
 applicable to the Company could have a significant adverse impact on the
 Company’s operations and financial results and cash
 flows.

 ●

 Risks associated with climate
 change and greenhouse gas emission limitations. 
The 
United States
 has not ratified the 1997
 Kyoto

Protocol Treaty (the "Kyoto
 Protocol") and the Company does 
not 
produce steel in

a country which has ratified that
 treaty.

Negotiations for a treaty which
 would succeed the Kyoto Protocol are ongoing

and it is not known yet what the
 terms of that successor treaty ultimately

will be or if the United States
 will ratify it.  It appears, however, that

limitations on greenhouse gas
 emissions may be imposed in the 
United

States

at some point in the future
 through federally enacted legislation.  If such

legislation is enacted,

the
 Company

 anticipate
s
 incurring increased
 energy,

environmental and other costs in
 order to comply with 
the limitations imposed on

greenhouse
 gas

emissions.  In addition,
 depending upon whether similar

limitations are imposed globally,
 the legislation could negatively impact

the Company's ability to compete
 with foreign steel companies situated in

areas not subject to such
 limitations.  Unless and until the legislation is

enacted and its terms are known,
 however, 
the
 Company
 cannot
 reasonably or reliably

estimate the impact of such
 legislation on 
its
 financial condition,

operating performance or ability
 to compete.

 ●  

 Risks associated with
 financial, credit, capital and/or banking markets.  In
 the ordinary course of business, the Company’s risks include its ability
 to access competitive financial, credit, capital and/or banking
 markets.  Currently, the Company believes it has adequate access
 to these markets to meet its reasonably anticipated business
 needs.  The Company both provides and receives normal trade
 financing to and from its customers and suppliers.  To the
 extent access to competitive financial, credit, capital and/or banking
 markets by the Company, or its customers or suppliers, is impaired, the
 Company’s operations, financial results and cash flows could be adversely
 impacted.

While
the previously listed items represent the most significant risks to the Company,
the Company regularly monitors and reports risks to Management by means of a
formal Total Enterprise Risk Management program.