. 

The Company cautions readers that
its business activities involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those currently expected by management. The most significant of those risks are: 

•

 Risk of reduced selling prices and shipments associated with a cyclical industry.    Historically, the steel industry has been a cyclical
industry. A downturn in the domestic or global economy could adversely affect demand for the Company’s products, which likely would result in lower prices and shipments for such products. Such lower prices and shipments could impact the
Company’s sales to the spot market or its efforts to negotiate higher prices with its contract customers. 

•

 Risk of reduced demand in key product markets.    Although reduced from prior years, the automotive and housing markets remain a key
element of the Company’s business. Both markets have suffered recently from an economic downturn. If North American automotive production, in general, or by one or more of the Company’s major automotive customers in particular, were to be
further reduced significantly as a result of this economic downturn, it likely would negatively affect the Company’s sales, financial results and cash flows. Similarly, if demand for the Company’s products sold to the housing market were
to be further reduced significantly, it could negatively affect the Company’s sales, financial results and cash flows. 

•

 Risk of increased global steel production and imports.    Actions by the Company’s foreign or domestic competitors to increase
production in and/or exports to the United States could result in an increased supply of steel in the United States, which could result in lower prices for the Company’s products. In fact, significant planned increases in production capacity in
the United States have been announced by competitors of the Company. In addition, foreign competitors, especially those in China, have substantially increased their production capacity in the last few years. This increased foreign production has
contributed to an historically high level of imports of foreign steel into the United States. A 2006 decision by the International Trade Commission (the “ITC”) has increased the risk that a high level of imports will continue. That
decision discontinued antidumping and countervailing duties on, among other products, corrosion resistant flat steel products imported from Australia, Canada, France and Japan, while allowing such duties to continue for another five years with
respect to such products imported from Germany and Korea. The decision by the ITC to end the duties on corrosion resistant steel from the four countries noted above eventually could result in an increase in the volume of such steel products imported
into the United States, which could result in a reduction in the pricing of such products. Because a significant portion of the steel products produced and sold by the Company consists of various types of corrosion resistant flat steel products,
such a result has the potential to negatively impact the Company’s net sales and thus its income and cash flows. Appeals were filed following the ITC’s decision. At this time, the Company can neither predict the outcome of such appeals nor
reliably estimate the future financial impact, if any, on the Company of the discontinuation of antidumping and countervailing duties on corrosion resistant flat steel products from Australia, Canada, France and Japan. 

•

 Risk of changes in the cost of raw materials and energy.    Approximately 60% of the Company’s shipments are pursuant to contracts
having durations of six months or more. Approximately 70% of the Company’s shipments to contract customers include variable pricing mechanisms to adjust the price or to impose a surcharge based upon changes in certain raw material and energy
costs, while others contain fixed prices that do not allow a pass through of all of the raw material and energy cost increases. Approximately 40% of the Company’s shipments are in the spot market, therefore pricing for these products fluctuates
regularly based on prevailing market conditions. Thus, the price at which the Company sells steel will not necessarily change in tandem with changes in its raw material and energy costs. As a result, a significant increase in raw material or energy
costs could adversely impact the Company’s financial results. The Company’s total raw material and energy costs have increased significantly during the past several years and early indications are that they will increase again in 2008,
particularly with respect to iron ore. Recently published reports have indicated that there is a 

7 

Table of Contents

substantial risk of a significant increase in iron ore prices in 2008. Moreover, the Company’s total costs for iron ore will increase in 2008 due to new
pricing terms with a major supplier regardless of whether there is an increase in the world price for iron ore. 

•

 Risk of production disruption at the Company.    The Company operates its facilities at production levels at or near capacity. High
levels of production are important to the Company’s financial results because they enable the Company to spread its fixed costs over a greater number of tons. Production disruptions could result in material negative impacts to the
Company’s operations and financial results. Such production disruptions could be caused by unanticipated plant outages, equipment failures, transportation disruptions, or unanticipated disruptions in the supply of, or poor quality of, raw
materials, particularly scrap, coal, coke, iron ore, alloys and purchased carbon slabs, or in the supply of natural gas or other industrial gases. 

•

 Risks associated with the Company’s healthcare obligations.
    The Company provides healthcare coverage to its active
employees and its retirees, as well as to certain members of their families. The Company is self-insured with respect to substantially all of its healthcare coverage. While the Company has mitigated its exposure to rising healthcare costs through
cost sharing and healthcare cost caps, the cost of providing such healthcare coverage is greater on a relative basis for the Company than for other steel companies against whom the Company competes which either provide a lesser level of benefits,
require that their participants pay more for the benefits they receive, or do not provide coverage to as broad a group of participants (
e.g. they do not provide retiree healthcare benefits). To try to reduce this competitive cost
disadvantage, the Company entered into a settlement with a class of retirees from its Middletown Works which would result in the responsibility for future healthcare benefits to such class members being assumed by a Voluntary Employee Beneficiary
Association to be funded by the Company. That settlement was approved by a federal court in Cincinnati, Ohio on February 21, 2008. For a more detailed description of this settlement, see the discussion in the 
Legal Proceedings section
below. In the event of an appeal, a failure of the appellate court to approve the settlement would result in the Company reverting to a more significant cost disadvantage relative to its competitors. This competitive disadvantage could be compounded
by an escalation in medical cost trend rates that affects active employee and retiree benefit expenses. This would adversely affect the Company’s financial results and could adversely affect the long-term ability of the Company to provide
future healthcare benefits. 

•

 Risks associated with the Company’s pension obligations.    The Company’s pension trust is currently underfunded to meet its
long-term obligations, primarily as a result of below-expectation investment returns in the early years of this decade, as well as falling interest rates over that same period. The extent of underfunding is directly affected by changes in interest
rates and asset returns in the securities markets. It is also affected by the rate and age of employee retirements, along with other actuarial experiences compared to projections. These items affect pension plan assets and the calculation of pension
and other postretirement benefit obligations and expenses. Such changes could increase the cost to the Company of those obligations, which could have a material adverse affect on the Company’s results and its ability to meet those obligations.
In addition, changes in the law, rules, or governmental regulations with respect to pension funding also could materially and adversely affect the cash flow of the Company to meet its pension and other benefit obligations.

•

 Risks associated with major litigation, arbitrations, environmental issues and other contingencies.    The Company has described several
significant legal and environmental proceedings in Items 1 and 3 of this report. An adverse result in one or more of those proceedings could negatively impact the Company’s financial results and cash flows. 

•

 Risks associated with environmental compliance.    Due to the nature and extent of environmental issues affecting the Company’s
operations and obligations, changes in application or scope of environmental regulations applicable to the Company could have a significant adverse impact on the Company’s operations and financial results and cash flows.

8 

Table of Contents

•

 Risks associated with climate change and greenhouse gas emission limitations.    The United States has not ratified the 1997 Kyoto
Protocol Treaty (the “Kyoto Protocol”) and the Company does not produce steel in a country which has ratified that treaty. Negotiations for a treaty which would succeed the Kyoto Protocol are ongoing and it is not known yet what the terms
of that successor treaty ultimately will be or if the United States will ratify it. It appears, however, that limitations on greenhouse gas emissions may be imposed in the United States at some point in the future through federally enacted
legislation. If such legislation is enacted, the Company anticipates incurring increased energy, environmental and other costs in order to comply with the limitations imposed on greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, depending upon whether
similar limitations are imposed globally, the legislation could negatively impact the Company’s ability to compete with foreign steel companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. Unless and until the legislation is enacted
and its terms are known, however, the Company cannot reasonably or reliably estimate the impact of such legislation on its financial condition, operating performance or ability to compete. 

While the previously listed items represent the most significant risks to the Company, the Company regularly monitors and reports all risks to Management
by means of a formal Total Enterprise Risk Management program.