If any of the following occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could also decline. We operate in a continually changing business environment.  In this environment, new risks may emerge, and already identified risks may vary significantly in terms of impact and likelihood of occurrence. Management cannot predict such developments, nor can it assess the impact, if any, on our business of such new risk factors or of events described in any forward-looking statements. 

We have adopted an enterprise wide Risk Analysis and Oversight Program designed to identify the various risks faced by the organization, assign responsibility for managing those risks to individual executives as well as align these risks with Board oversight. These enterprise-level risks have been aligned to the risk factors discussed below.

SAFETY, COMPLIANCE AND OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE

Our reputation and financial results could be harmed in the event of an airline accident or incident.

An accident or incident involving one of our aircraft or an aircraft operated by one of our codeshare partners or CPA carriers could involve a significant loss of life and result in a loss of confidence in our airlines by the flying public and/or aviation authorities. We could experience significant claims from injured passengers, bystanders and surviving relatives as well as costs for the repair or replacement of a damaged aircraft and its consequential temporary or permanent loss from service. We maintain liability insurance in amounts and of the type generally consistent with industry practice, as do our codeshare partners and CPA carriers. However, the amount of such coverage may not be adequate to fully cover all claims, and we may be forced to bear substantial economic losses from such event. Substantial claims resulting from an accident in excess of our related insurance coverage would harm our business and financial results. Moreover, any aircraft accident or incident, even if it is fully insured and does not involve one of our aircraft, could cause a public perception that our airlines or the aircraft we or our partners fly are less safe or reliable than other transportation alternatives. This would harm our business.

 18

Our operations are often affected by factors beyond our control, including delays, cancellations and other conditions, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

As is the case for all airlines, our operations often are affected by delays, cancellations and other conditions caused by factors largely beyond our control.

Factors that might impact our operations include:

•

congestion and/or space constraints at airports or air traffic control problems;

•

lack of operational approval (e.g. new routes, aircraft deliveries, etc.); 

•

adverse weather conditions;

•

increased security measures or breaches in security;

•

contagious illness and fear of contagion;

•

changes in international treaties concerning air rights;

•

international or domestic conflicts or terrorist activity; and

•

other changes in business conditions.

Due to our concentration of flights in the Pacific Northwest and Alaska, we believe a large portion of our operation is more susceptible to adverse weather conditions. A general reduction in airline passenger traffic as a result of any of the above-mentioned factors could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Changes in government regulation imposing additional requirements and restrictions on our operations could increase our operating costs and result in service delays and disruptions.

Airlines are subject to extensive regulatory and legal requirements, both domestically and internationally, that involve significant compliance costs. In the last several years, Congress has passed laws, and the U.S. DOT, the TSA and the FAA have issued regulations that have required significant expenditures relating to maintenance of aircraft, operation of airlines and establishment of consumer protection.

Similarly, there are a number of legislative and regulatory initiatives and reforms at the federal, state and local levels. These initiatives include increasingly stringent laws to protect the environment, minimum wage requirements and health care mandates. They could affect our relationship with our workforce and the vendors that serve our airlines and cause our expenses to increase without an ability to pass through these costs. 

Almost all commercial service airports are owned and/or operated by units of local or state governments. Airlines are largely dependent on these governmental entities to provide adequate airport facilities and capacity at an affordable cost. Many airports have increased their rates and charges to air carriers to reflect higher costs of security, updates to infrastructures and other. Additional laws, regulations, taxes, airport rates and airport charges may be occasionally proposed that could significantly increase the cost of airline operations or reduce the demand for air travel. Although lawmakers may impose these additional fees and view them as “pass-through” costs, we believe that a higher total ticket price will influence consumer purchase and travel decisions and may result in an overall decline in passenger traffic, which would harm our business.

The airline industry continues to face potential security concerns and related costs.

Terrorist attacks, the fear of such attacks or other hostilities involving the U.S. could have a significant negative effect on the airline industry, including us, and could:

•

significantly reduce passenger traffic and yields as a result of a potentially dramatic drop in demand for air travel;

•

significantly increase security and insurance costs;

 19

•

make war risk or other insurance unavailable or extremely expensive;

•

increase fuel costs and the volatility of fuel prices;

•

increase costs from airport shutdowns, flight cancellations and delays resulting from security breaches and perceived safety threats; and

•

result in a grounding of commercial air traffic by the FAA.

The occurrence of any of these events would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We rely on third-party vendors for certain critical activities.

We rely on outside vendors for a variety of services and functions critical to our business, including airframe and engine maintenance, ground handling, fueling, computer reservation system hosting, telecommunication systems and information technology infrastructure and services. 

Even though we strive to formalize agreements with these vendors that define expected service levels, our use of outside vendors increases our exposure to several risks. In the event that one or more vendors go into bankruptcy, ceases operation or fails to perform as promised, replacement services may not be readily available at competitive rates, or at all. If one of our vendors fails to perform adequately, we may experience increased costs, delays, maintenance issues, safety issues or negative public perception of our airline. Vendor bankruptcies, unionization, regulatory compliance issues or significant changes in the competitive marketplace among suppliers could adversely affect vendor services or force us to renegotiate existing agreements on less favorable terms. These events could result in disruptions in our operations or increases in our cost structure.

STRATEGY

The airline industry is highly competitive and susceptible to price discounting and changes in capacity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we cannot successfully compete in the marketplace, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially adversely affected.

The U.S. airline industry is characterized by substantial price competition. In recent years, the market share held by low-cost carriers and ultra low-cost carriers has increased significantly and is expected to continue to increase. Airlines also compete for market share by increasing or decreasing their capacity, route systems and the number of markets served. Several of our competitors have increased their capacity in markets we serve, particularly on the West Coast and in our Seattle hub, resulting in increased competition for those destinations. Increased competition in both domestic and international markets may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 

We continue to strive toward aggressive cost-reduction goals that are an important part of our business strategy of offering the best value to our guests through competitive fares while achieving acceptable profit margins and return on capital. If we are unable to reduce our costs over the long-term and achieve sustained targeted returns on invested capital, we will likely not be able to grow our business in the future or weather industry downturns. Therefore, our financial results may suffer.

The airline industry may undergo further restructuring, consolidation, or the creation or modification of alliances or joint ventures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We continue to face strong competition from other carriers due to restructuring, consolidation, and the creation and modification of alliances and joint ventures. Since deregulation, both the U.S. and international airline industries have experienced consolidation through a number of mergers and acquisitions. Carriers may also improve their competitive positions through airline alliances, slot swaps/acquisitions and/or joint ventures. Certain airline joint ventures further competition by allowing airlines to coordinate routes, pool revenues and costs, and enjoy other mutual benefits, achieving many of the benefits of consolidation.

We depend on a few key markets to be successful.

Our strategy includes being the premier carrier for people living on the West Coast. This results in a high concentration of our business in key West Coast markets. A significant portion of our flights occur to and from our Seattle hub. In 
2016
, passengers to and from Seattle accounted for 
61%
 of our total guests. We expect this to become more diversified in the future as a result of the recent acquisition of Virgin America, whose primary hubs are San Francisco and Los Angeles.

 20

We believe that concentrating our service offerings in this way allows us to maximize our investment in personnel, aircraft and ground facilities, as well as to gain greater advantage from sales and marketing efforts in those regions. As a result, we remain highly dependent on our key markets. Our business could be harmed by any circumstances causing a reduction in demand for air transportation in our key markets. An increase in competition in our key markets could also cause us to reduce fares or take other competitive measures that, if sustained, could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Economic uncertainty or another recession would likely impact demand for our product and could harm our financial condition and results of operations.

The airline industry, which is subject to relatively high fixed costs and highly variable and unpredictable demand, is particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions. We are also highly dependent on U.S. consumer confidence and the health of the U.S. economy. Unfavorable U.S. economic conditions have historically driven changes in travel patterns and have resulted in reduced spending for both leisure and business travel. For some consumers, leisure travel is a discretionary expense, and shorter distance travelers, in particular, have the option to replace air travel with surface travel. Businesses are able to forgo air travel by using communication alternatives such as videoconferencing or may be more likely to purchase less expensive tickets to reduce costs, which can result in a decrease in average revenue per seat. Unfavorable economic conditions also hamper the ability of airlines to raise fares to counteract increased fuel, labor and other costs. Unfavorable or even uncertain economic conditions could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.

We are dependent on a limited number of suppliers for aircraft and parts.

Alaska is dependent on Boeing as its sole supplier for aircraft and many aircraft parts. Virgin America is similarly dependent on Airbus, and Horizon is dependent on Bombardier and soon Embraer. Additionally, each carrier is dependent on sole suppliers for aircraft engines for each aircraft type. As a result, we are more vulnerable to issues associated with the supply of those aircraft and parts, including design defects, mechanical problems, contractual performance by the manufacturers or adverse perception by the public that would result in customer avoidance or in actions by the FAA resulting in an inability to operate our aircraft or instability in the foreign countries, in which the aircraft and its parts are manufactured.

We rely on partner airlines for codeshare and frequent flyer marketing arrangements.

Our airlines are parties to marketing agreements with a number of domestic and international air carriers, or “partners." These agreements provide that certain flight segments operated by us are held out as partner “codeshare” flights and that certain partner flights are held out for sale as Alaska or Virgin America codeshare flights. In addition, the agreements generally provide that members of Alaska’s Mileage Plan™ program, or Virgin America's Elevate® program, can earn credit on or redeem credit for partner flights and vice versa. We receive revenue from flights sold under codeshare and from interline arrangements. In addition, we believe that the frequent flyer arrangements are an important part of our frequent flyer programs. The loss of a significant partner through bankruptcy, consolidation, or otherwise, could have a negative effect on our revenues or the attractiveness of our Mileage Plan™ and Elevate® programs, which we believe is a source of competitive advantage.

We routinely engage in analysis and discussions regarding our own strategic position, including alliances, codeshare arrangements, interline arrangements and frequent flyer program enhancements, and may have future discussions with other airlines regarding similar activities. If other airlines participate in consolidation or reorganization, those airlines may significantly improve their cost structures or revenue generation capabilities, thereby potentially making them stronger competitors of ours and potentially impairing our ability to realize expected benefits from our own strategic relationships.

 21

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

We rely heavily on automated systems to operate our business, and a failure to invest in new technology or a disruption of our current systems or their operators could harm our business.

We depend on automated systems to operate our business, including our airline reservation system, our telecommunication systems, our website, our maintenance systems, our check-in kiosks, mobile devices and other systems. Substantially all of our tickets are issued to our guests as electronic tickets, and the majority of our customers check in using our website, airport kiosks, or our mobile application. We depend on our reservation system to be able to issue, track and accept these electronic tickets. In order for our operations to work efficiently, we must continue to invest in new technology to ensure that our website, reservation system and check-in systems are able to accommodate a high volume of traffic, maintain information security and deliver important flight information. Substantial or repeated website, reservations system or telecommunication systems failures or service disruptions could reduce the attractiveness of our services and cause our guests to do business with another airline. In addition, we rely on other automated systems for crew scheduling, flight dispatch and other operational needs. In 2017, subsequent to year end, we migrated to a new crew management system. We also plan to move our primary data center location. Disruptions, failed migration, untimely recovery, or a breach of these systems or the data center could result in the loss of important data, an increase of our expenses, an impact on our operational performance or a possible temporary cessation of our operations.

If we do not maintain the privacy and security of our information, we could damage our reputation and incur substantial legal and regulatory costs.

We accept, store and transmit information about our guests, our employees, our business partners and our business.  In addition, we frequently rely on third-party hosting sites and data processors, including cloud providers. Our sensitive information relies on secure transmission over public and private networks.  A compromise of our systems, the security of our infrastructure or those of other business partners that result in our information being accessed or stolen by unauthorized persons could adversely affect our operations and our reputation.

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND FINANCIAL MARKETS

Our business, financial condition and results of operations are substantially exposed to the volatility of jet fuel prices. Significant increases in jet fuel costs would harm our business.

Fuel costs constitute a significant portion of our total operating expenses. Future increases in the price of jet fuel may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations unless we are able to increase fares and fees or add additional ancillary services to attempt to recover increasing fuel costs.

Our indebtedness and other fixed obligations could increase the volatility of earnings and otherwise restrict our activities and potentially lead to liquidity constraints. 

We incurred a significant amount of new debt to finance our acquisition of Virgin America. We now have and will continue to have for the foreseeable future a substantial amount of debt. Due to our high fixed costs, including aircraft lease commitments and debt service, a decrease in revenues would result in a disproportionately greater decrease in earnings. 

Our outstanding long-term debt and other fixed obligations could have important consequences. For example, they could limit our ability to obtain additional financing to fund our future capital expenditures, acquisitions, working capital or other purposes; require us to dedicate a material portion of our operating cash flow to fund lease payments and interest payments on indebtedness, thereby reducing funds available for other purposes; or limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures and reduce our flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions.

Although we have historically been able to generate sufficient cash flow from our operations to pay our debt and other fixed obligations when they become due, we cannot ensure we will be able to do so in the future. If we fail to do so, our business could be harmed. 

See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" within Item 7 of this filing for more detailed information about our obligations and commitments. 

 22

Certain of our financing agreements have covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on us.

Certain of our credit facilities and indentures governing our secured borrowings impose certain operating and financial covenants on us. Such covenants require us to maintain, depending on the particular agreement, minimum liquidity and/or minimum collateral coverage ratios and other negative covenants customary for such financings. A decline in the value of collateral could result in a situation where we may not be able to maintain the required collateral coverage ratio. 

Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, including the overall industry revenue environment and the level of fuel costs, and we may be required to seek waivers or amendments of covenants, repay all or a portion of the debt or find alternative sources of financing. 

Our maintenance costs will increase as our fleet ages, and we will periodically incur substantial maintenance costs due to the maintenance schedules of our aircraft fleet.

As of 
December 31, 2016
, the average age of our NextGen aircraft (B737-800, -900, -900ERs) was approximately 
7.3
 years, the average age of our Q400 aircraft was approximately 
10
 years, and the average age of our A319 and A320 aircraft was approximately 
6.8
 years. Our relatively new aircraft currently require less maintenance than they will in the future. Any significant increase in maintenance expenses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

BRAND AND REPUTATION

As we evolve our brand to appeal to a changing demographic and grow into new markets, we will engage in strategic initiatives that may not be favorably received by all our guests.

We continue to focus on strategic initiatives designed to increase our brand appeal to a diverse and evolving demographic of airline travelers. These efforts could include significant enhancements to our in-airport and on-board environments, increasing our direct customer relationships through improvements to our purchasing portals (digital and mobile) and optimization of our customer loyalty programs.

In pursuit of these efforts we may negatively affect our reputation with some of our existing customer base. 

LABOR RELATIONS AND LABOR STRATEGY

A significant increase in labor costs, unsuccessful attempts to strengthen our relationships with union employees or loss of key personnel could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Labor costs are a significant component of our total expenses. Each of Alaska and Horizon's represented employee groups has a separate collective bargaining agreement. Through negotiations or transition agreements in the Virgin America integration, each group could make demands that would increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our financial performance if we agree to them. The same result could apply if we experience a significant increase in vendor labor costs, including wage rate increases, which could ultimately flow through to us under the applicable services agreement.

As of 
December 31, 2016
, labor unions represented approximately 
84%
 of Alaska’s and 
43%
 of Horizon’s employees. Although Virgin America employees are not currently covered under collective bargaining agreements, pilots and inflight teammates have elected to be represented and will, through negotiations, ultimately enter into joint collective bargaining agreements with Alaska's represented workforce. Although we have been successful in fostering communications, negotiating approaches and developing other strategies to enhance workforce engagement in our long-term vision, future uncertainty around open contracts
—
including the joint collective bargaining negotiations for the integration of Alaska's and Virgin America's represented work groups
—
could be a distraction, affecting employee focus on our business and diverting management’s attention from other projects and issues.

We compete against the major U.S. airlines and other businesses for labor in many highly skilled positions. If we are unable to hire, train and retain qualified employees at a reasonable cost, sustain employee engagement in our strategic vision, or if we are unsuccessful at implementing succession plans for our key staff, we may be unable to grow or sustain our business. In recent years, there have been pilot shortages in hiring in the regional market, and there is an anticipated pilot shortage in hiring in the mainline markets in the next two to three years. Attrition beyond normal levels could negatively impact our operating results, and our business prospects could be harmed. 

 23

Employees could also engage in job actions such as slow-downs, work-to-rule campaigns, sick-outs or other actions designed to disrupt our normal operations in an attempt to pressure us to acquiesce to wage or other demands during Section 6 negotiations or transition agreement discussions. Although the Railway Labor Act makes such “self-help” unlawful until the National Mediation Board releases the parties following lengthy mediation attempts, and we could seek injunctive relief or other remedies against premature self-help, such actions could cause significant harm even if we were ultimately to be successful. 

ACQUISITION AND INTEGRATION OF VIRGIN AMERICA

We may be unable to effectively integrate Virgin America’s business and realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. In addition, delays in integration could cause anticipated synergies to take longer to realize than currently anticipated.

We must devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of Virgin America. Potential difficulties we may encounter as part of the integration process include the following:

•

the inability to successfully combine the Virgin America business with that of Alaska's in a manner that permits us to achieve anticipated net synergies and other anticipated benefits of the acquisition;

•

the inability to successfully attract and retain Virgin America guests upon integration with Alaska;

•

the challenges associated with operating aircraft types new to our operations, specifically the Airbus A319 and A320;

•

the challenges associated with an expanded or new presence in more congested airports and markets;

•

the challenges associated with integrating complex systems, technology, aircraft fleets, networks, facilities and other assets in a seamless manner that minimizes any adverse impact on guests, suppliers, employees and other constituents;

•

the challenges associated with integrating Virgin America employees into Alaska's workforce while maintaining our focus on providing consistent, high quality customer service, including seniority list integration, negotiation of transition process agreements and, in the case of the pilot workgroups, negotiation of a joint collective bargaining agreement; and

•

potential unknown liabilities, liabilities that are significantly larger than we currently anticipate, and unforeseen increased expenses or delays, including costs to integrate Virgin America’s business that may exceed our current estimates.

Any of the foregoing factors could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with guests, suppliers, employees and other constituencies or our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition on a timely basis, or at all. These factors could also reduce our earnings or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results. In addition, integration requirements have caused, and may continue to cause, a delay of other strategic initiatives.

The Virgin brand is not under our control, and negative publicity related to the Virgin brand name could materially adversely affect our business. 

Virgin America licenses rights to the Virgin brand from certain entities affiliated with the Virgin Group on a non-exclusive basis. The Virgin brand is also licensed to and used by a number of other companies, including two airlines, Virgin Atlantic Airways and Virgin Australia Airlines, operating in other geographies. We rely on the general goodwill of consumers and our employees towards the Virgin brand. Consequently, any adverse publicity in relation to the Virgin brand name, its principals, particularly Sir Richard Branson who is closely associated with the brand, or another Virgin-branded company over which we have no control or influence could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We obtain our rights to use the Virgin brand under agreements with certain entities affiliated with the Virgin Group, and we would lose those rights if these agreements are terminated or not renewed. 

Virgin America is a party to license agreements with certain entities affiliated with the Virgin Group pursuant to which we obtain rights to use the Virgin brand. The licensor may terminate the agreements upon the occurrence of a number of specified events including if Virgin America commits a material breach of our obligations under the agreements that is uncured for more than 10 business days or if we materially damage the Virgin brand. If we lose our rights to use the Virgin brand, we would lose the goodwill associated with the brand name, which would likely require substantial expenditures, and our business and financial condition would likely be materially adversely affected. 

 24

The need to integrate Virgin America’s workforce into joint collective bargaining agreements with Alaska's workforce presents the potential for delay in achieving expected synergies and other benefits or labor disputes that could adversely affect our operations and costs.

The successful integration of Virgin America and achievement of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition depend significantly on integrating Virgin America’s employees into Alaska and on maintaining productive employee relations. Failure to do so presents the potential for delays in achieving expected synergies and other benefits of integration or labor disputes that could adversely affect our operations and costs. The process for integrating labor groups in an airline merger is governed by a combination of the Railway Labor Act, the McCaskill-Bond Act, and where applicable, the existing provisions of our collective bargaining agreements (“CBAs”) and internal union policies. 

Under the Railway Labor Act, the National Mediation Board has exclusive authority to resolve representation disputes arising out of airline mergers. The disputes that the National Mediation Board has authority to resolve include (i) whether the carriers, through the merger, have integrated operations to the point of creating a “single transportation system” for representation purposes; (ii) determination of the appropriate “craft or class” for representational purposes, including a determination of which positions are to be included within a particular craft or class; and (iii) certification of the system-wide representative organization, if any, for each of our craft or class following the merger. Failure to resolve these disputes could result in delays in achieving expected synergies and other benefits of integration as well as adversely impact our operations and costs. 

Pending operational integration of Virgin America with Alaska, it will be necessary to maintain a “fence” between Alaska and Virgin America employee groups that are represented by unions. During this time, we will keep the employee groups separate, each applying the terms of its own existing employment agreements unless other terms have been negotiated. Achievement of expected synergies and other benefits will be delayed until the time that operational integration is obtained. 

We are expected to incur substantial expenses related to the acquisition and the integration of Virgin America’s business.

We are expected to incur substantial integration and transition expenses in connection with the acquisition of Virgin America, including the necessary costs associated with integrating the operations of Alaska and Virgin America. There are a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that must be integrated, including reservations, frequent flyer, ticketing/distribution, maintenance and flight operations. While we have assumed that a certain level of expenses will be incurred, there are many factors beyond our control that could affect the total amount or the timing of the integration expenses. Moreover, many of the expenses that will be incurred are, by their nature, difficult to estimate accurately. These expenses could, particularly in the near term, exceed the financial benefits we expect to achieve from the acquisition, including the elimination of duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale and cost savings. These integration expenses likely will continue to result in us taking significant charges against earnings in future periods, and the amount and timing of such charges are uncertain at present.

We acquired Virgin America’s indebtedness upon closing of the acquisition, which additional indebtedness may limit our financial and operating flexibility.

Upon closing of the acquisition, we acquired Virgin America’s outstanding indebtedness and became subject to the operating restrictions under the debt instruments governing such indebtedness. Virgin America has significant debt and lease obligations related to existing purchased and leased aircraft. Our increased indebtedness following the acquisition may:

•

require a substantial portion of cash flows from operations for debt service payments and operating lease payments, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; and

•

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the airline industry and, consequently, negatively affect our competitive position.

We will need to launch certain branding or rebranding initiatives in connection with the acquisition that may take a significant amount of time and involve substantial costs and that may not be favorably received by our guests.

We may incur substantial costs if we decide to rebrand any of Virgin America’s products and services and may not be able to achieve or maintain brand name recognition or status that is comparable to the recognition and status previously enjoyed by Virgin America in any of Virgin America’s markets. The failure of any such rebranding initiatives could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain guests, which could cause us not to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits contemplated to result from the acquisition.

 25

Our ability to use Virgin America’s net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes may be limited as a result of the previous ownership changes, this acquisition or taxable income if it does not reach sufficient levels.

As of the acquisition closing date, Virgin America had federal net operating loss carryforwards (“NOLs”) of approximately $
773 million
 available to offset future taxable income, expiring between 
2028
 and 
2036
, and state NOLs of approximately $
344 million
 that expire beginning in 
2027
 and continuing through 
2035
.

Virgin America has experienced multiple “ownership changes” as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), the most recent being its acquisition by us. Section 382 of the Code imposes an annual limitation on the amount of pre-ownership change NOLs of the corporation that experiences ownership change. The limitation imposed by Section 382 of the Code for any post-ownership change year generally would be determined by multiplying the value of such corporation’s stock immediately before the ownership change by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Any unused annual limitation may, subject to certain limits, be carried over to later years, and the limitation may, under certain circumstances, be increased by built-in gains or reduced by built-in losses in the assets held by such corporation at the time of the ownership change. Our use of NOLs generated after the date of an ownership change would not be limited unless we were to experience a subsequent ownership change.

Our ability to use the NOLs will also depend on the amount of taxable income generated in future periods. The NOLs may expire before we can generate sufficient taxable income to utilize the NOLs.

The application of the acquisition method of accounting resulted in us recording a significant amount of goodwill, which could result in significant future impairment charges and negatively affect our financial results.

In accordance with applicable acquisition accounting rules, we recorded goodwill on our consolidated balance sheet to the extent the Virgin America acquisition purchase price exceeded the net fair value of Virgin America’s tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date. Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment at least annually. We could record impairment charges in our results of operations as a result of, among other items, extreme fuel price volatility, a significant decline in the fair value of certain tangible or intangible assets, unfavorable trends in forecasted results of operations and cash flows, uncertain economic environment and other uncertainties. We can provide no assurance that a significant impairment charge will not occur in one or more future periods. Any such charges may materially negatively affect our financial results.