” – “We rely heavily on distributors to generate a significant portion of our sales and fulfill our customer orders. The failure of our distributors to perform as expected would materially reduce our future
sales” and “
Conditions outside the control of our independent subcontractors and distributors may impact their business operations and thereby adversely interrupt our manufacturing and sales processes.” See also Note 2
– Significant Accounting Policies – Concentrations of Credit Risk, Significant Customers and Key Suppliers to our consolidated financial statements. 

ALTERA S
ALES, M
ARKETING, 
AND C
USTOMER S
UPPORT 

Altera has a dedicated global sales and marketing organization to create customer demand and manage our network of distributors and independent sales
representatives. We focus our direct demand creation efforts on a limited number of key accounts, and provide technical, business, and marketing support to distributors and independent sales representatives. Independent sales representatives, who
are mostly located in North America and in select European countries, create demand and provide customer support in a defined territory and often with a defined set of customers. They do not stock inventory or fulfill orders. All of our contracts
with independent sales representatives can be terminated by either party upon notice. 

Customer support and service are important to selling
and marketing our products. We provide several levels of technical support, including application assistance, design services, and customer training. We also publish data sheets and application notes, conduct technical seminars, and provide design
assistance to the customer via the Internet and electronic links. 

We have domestic sales offices in numerous major metropolitan areas
throughout the United States, and maintain international sales support offices in Bangalore, Beijing, Cork, Chengdu, Helsinki, Hong Kong, London, Munich, Osaka, Ottawa, Paris, Seoul, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Singapore, Stockholm, Taipei, Tokyo, and
Turin. 

No single end customer accounted for more than 10% of our total sales in 2008, 2007, or 2006. 

INTERNATIONAL S
ALES 

Sales outside of the U.S. and Canada constituted 77% of total sales in 2008, 78% of total sales in 2007, and 76% of total sales in 2006. Sales to Japan accounted for 19% of total sales in 2008, 20% of total sales in
2007, and 23% of total sales in 2006. Sales to China accounted for 19% of total sales in 2008, 17% of total sales in 2007, and 13% of total 

11 

Table of Contents

sales in 2006. Except for the United States, China, and Japan, no other country accounted for sales in excess of 10% of total sales during 2008, 2007, or
2006. For a detailed description of our sales by geographic region, see Item 7: Results of Operations – Sales by Geography and Note 12 – Segment and Geographic Information to our consolidated financial statements. For a discussion of
the risk factors associated with our foreign operations, see “Item 1A: Risk Factors” – “Because we depend on international sales for a majority of our total sales, we may be subject to political, economic, and other conditions
that could increase our operating expenses and disrupt our business” and “
Our business is subject to tax risks associated with being a multinational corporation.” 

See Note 12 – Segment and Geographic Information to our consolidated financial statements for information on the geographic breakdown of our property
and equipment. 

Backlog 

Our backlog consists mostly of distributor orders, as well as limited OEM orders, that are for delivery within the next three months. Our backlog of orders on December 31, 2008, was approximately $800 million, compared to $960 million
on December 28, 2007. 

Historically, backlog is a poor predictor of future sales or customer demand for several reasons: 

§

 While our backlog increases during periods of high demand and supply constraints, purchasers may cancel product orders up to 30 days before the scheduled delivery
date without incurring significant cancellation penalties. 

§

 We defer revenue recognition on distributor shipments until the product is resold. 

§

 Our backlog is valued at list price, which in most cases is substantially higher than the actual price. 

Manufacturing 

WAFER S
UPPLY 

Die, cut from silicon wafers, are the essential components of all our devices
and a significant portion of the total device cost. Our manufacturing strategy is known as a “fabless” business model since we purchase our silicon wafers from independent semiconductor foundries instead of manufacturing them ourselves.
This strategy allows us to take advantage of these suppliers’ economies of scale and gives us direct and timely access to advanced process technology. We purchase nearly all of our silicon wafers from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company
(TSMC), an independent semiconductor foundry. We have no formalized long-term supply or allocation commitments from TSMC. In the past, we have used other foundry vendors, and we may establish additional foundry relationships as they become
economically beneficial or technically necessary. For a discussion of risk factors associated with our wafer supply arrangements, see “Item 1A: Risk Factors” – “We depend entirely on independent subcontractors to supply us
with finished silicon wafers. The failure of these subcontractors to satisfy our demand could materially disrupt our business,” “
Wafer shortages and/or increased wafer and assembly material costs could lower our gross margins,
reduce our sales, or otherwise materially disrupt our business,” “
Product manufacturing is complex, and our foundries may not achieve the necessary yields or product reliability that our business requires,” and
“
Conditions outside the control of our independent subcontractors and distributors may impact their business operations and thereby adversely interrupt our manufacturing and sales processes.” 

TESTING 
AND A
SSEMBLY 

After wafer manufacturing is completed, each silicon wafer is tested using a variety of test and handling equipment that is owned by us and consigned to our partners. The vast majority of our silicon wafer testing is
performed at TSMC or our San Jose pilot line facility, which is used primarily for new product development. 

The wafers are then shipped to
various assembly suppliers in Asia, where they are divided into good die and encapsulated in packages. We use a number of independent assembly suppliers to take advantage of their economies of scale and supply flexibility, and to give us direct and
timely access to advanced packaging technology. We purchase almost all of our assembly services from Amkor Electronics, Inc., in Korea and the Philippines, and Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc. (ASE) in Malaysia and Taiwan. 

12 

Table of Contents

Following assembly, each packaged unit completes final testing, marking, and inspection before being
packaged for storage as finished goods. We also use Amkor and ASE for almost all of our final test and back-end operation services. These suppliers perform final testing using our proprietary test software operating on hardware that is consigned to
or owned by our suppliers. 

The majority of our inventory, including finished goods, is warehoused in Asia at our subcontract test and
assembly partners with a smaller portion located at our corporate facility in San Jose, California. These suppliers also ship our products to OEMs and distributors. 

For a discussion of risk factors associated with our testing and assembly arrangements, see “Item 1A: Risk Factors” – “We depend on independent subcontractors, located in Asia, to assemble,
test, and ship our semiconductor products. The failure of these subcontractors to satisfy our demand could materially disrupt our business” and “
Conditions outside the control of our independent subcontractors and distributors may
impact their business operations and thereby adversely interrupt our manufacturing and sales processes.” 

Executive Officers

Our executive officers and their ages as of February 25, 2009 are as follows: 

Name

Age

Position

 John P. Daane

45

Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer

 Misha R. Burich

61

Senior Vice President, Research and Development

 William Y. Hata

49

Senior Vice President, Worldwide Operations and Engineering

 Lance M. Lissner

59

Senior Vice President, Business Development, and Chief Information Officer

 Kevin H. Lyman

54

Vice President, Human Resources

 Timothy R. Morse

39

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 George A. Papa

60

Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales

 Jordan S. Plofsky

48

Senior Vice President, Marketing

 Katherine E. Schuelke

46

Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary

There are no family relationships among our executive officers or between any executive officer and
any of our directors. 

John P. Daane joined us as our president and chief executive officer in November 2000 and was elected as one
of our directors in December 2000 and as our chairman of the board in May 2003. Before joining us, Mr. Daane spent 15 years at LSI Logic Corporation, a semiconductor manufacturer, most recently as executive vice president, communications
products group, with responsibility for ASIC technology development and the computer, consumer, and communications divisions. 

Misha R.
Burich joined us as our senior vice president of software engineering in December 2000, and assumed the role of senior vice president research and development in March 2007. Before joining us, he served as vice president of R&D at various
electronic design automation (EDA) companies, including Cadence Design Systems, Mentor Graphics, Silicon Compiler Systems, and Silicon Design Labs, which he co-founded in 1984. Dr. Burich began his career at Bell Laboratories Research in 1978.

William Y. Hata joined us as vice president of product engineering in December 1999. In March of 2007, Mr. Hata was
promoted to vice president, worldwide operations and engineering and in 2008 he was promoted to senior vice president, worldwide operations and engineering. Before joining us, he was director of foundry operations and product engineering at National
Semiconductor. 

Lance M. Lissner joined us in May 1998 as vice president of business development and investor relations and was
appointed senior vice president, business development in November 2000 and chief information officer in January 2008. Before that time, Mr. Lissner was a corporate officer of Measurex Corporation, a developer of computer-integrated measurement,
control, and information systems, where he was employed since 1973 and held various positions in sales, marketing, engineering, and business development. 

13 

Table of Contents

Kevin H. Lyman joined us in January 2008 as our vice president of human resources. Before joining
us, Mr. Lyman most recently served as senior vice president of corporate human resources at Advanced Micro Devices. Before that, Mr. Lyman held a variety of human resources management roles at Lockheed, GenRad, and General DataComm
Industries. 

Timothy R. Morse joined us in January 2007 as senior vice president and chief financial officer. Before joining us,
Mr. Morse most recently served as chief financial officer and general manager of business development, GE Plastics. As a 15-year veteran of the General Electric Company, Mr. Morse also held positions at GE Appliances and GE Capital in
North America, Europe, and Asia. 

George A. Papa joined us in February 2002 as senior vice president, worldwide sales. From February
2000 to February 2002, Mr. Papa served as vice president of worldwide sales of the communications business group of Marvell Semiconductor, Inc., a semiconductor company. From March 1997 to February 2000, he served as vice president of worldwide
sales for Level One Communications, Inc., a subsidiary of Intel Corporation, a semiconductor company. From February 1991 to March 1997, Mr. Papa served as vice president of North American sales for Siemens Corporation, a diversified global
technology company. 

Jordan S. Plofsky joined us in February 2001 as senior vice president, vertical markets and embedded processor
products and became senior vice president, applications business groups in March 2002 and senior vice president, marketing in November 2004. Before joining us, Mr. Plofsky was employed by LSI Logic from October 1996 to February 2001, most
recently as executive vice president, enterprise infrastructure group from November 2000 to February 2001 and vice president and general manager, networking products division from June 1998 to November 2000. 

Katherine E. Schuelke joined us in March 1996 as corporate attorney. She became senior corporate attorney in July 1997 and assistant general
counsel and assistant secretary in July 1999. In October 2001, she was appointed vice president, general counsel, and secretary. Before joining us, Ms. Schuelke was an attorney at the law firm of Morrison & Foerster LLP for seven
years. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2008, we had 2,760 employees, of which 1,302 were located in the United States. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or collective bargaining agreement. We have not had any work stoppages, and we believe that
our employee relations are good. 

Access to Altera’s Reports 

Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed to comply with Sections
13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, are available free of charge on our website at www.altera.com, as soon as possible after they are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). To get a free copy, contact Altera
Corporation, Attn: Investor Relations, 101 Innovation Drive, San Jose, California 95134. 

Our SEC filings are available at the SEC’s
website at www.sec.gov, and may be read and copied at the SEC’s public reference room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for more information. 

14 

Table of Contents

. 

The
following risk factors, among others that are not presently known or that we currently believe unimportant, could affect our future results and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking
statements. Before you decide to buy, hold, or sell our common stock, you should carefully consider these risks, in addition to the other information contained in this report. Our business, financial condition, and operations results could be
seriously harmed if any of the events described here actually occurs. In that situation, the market price for our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Our financial results are affected by general economic conditions and the highly cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry. 

Semiconductor companies, such as Altera, experience significant fluctuations in sales and profitability. The semiconductor industry has experienced
economic downturns and business contractions from time to time, such as the current downturn. Downturns in the semiconductor industry can be severe and prolonged. These downturns can result in significant reductions in product demand, excess
customer inventories and accelerated erosion of prices resulting from intensified competitive pricing dynamics. 

In recent months, general
worldwide economic conditions have significantly deteriorated due to credit conditions resulting from the recent financial crisis. It is difficult for our customers, our vendors and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities in
this economic environment. We have experienced a recent slowdown in orders for our products and that trend could persist. 

Our ability to
predict the quantity and type of products our customers will need in the future is challenging because our customers face volatile pricing and unpredictable demand for their own products and are increasingly focused on cash preservation and tighter
inventory management. These factors could affect the timing of customer orders and the overall level of demand for our products. Because it is extremely difficult to forecast the success or timing of a customer’s product, and because the end
markets are so fragmented (we have over 13,000 PLD customers), our ability to forecast end customer demand is difficult. If we overestimate customer demand, we may allocate resources to manufacturing products that we may not be able to sell as
quickly as estimated, if at all. As a result we could hold excess or obsolete inventory, which would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our financial results. 

In addition, the tightening of credit in financial markets may adversely affect the ability of our distributors or their customers (original equipment manufacturers or subcontract manufacturers) to obtain financing
for significant purchases and operations, which could affect demand for our products. Our operating cash flows are highly dependent on the continued collection of receivables and the ability to sell inventories. Continued declines in overall
economic conditions could lead to deterioration in the quality of our receivables. In addition to reductions in sales and elevated risk associated with the collection of receivables, our profitability and cash flows may suffer during downturns
because we may not be able to reduce costs at the same rate as our sales decline. 

As further described below, we depend entirely on
independent subcontractors to supply us with finished silicon wafers and to assemble, test and ship our semiconductor products. The tightening of global credit markets may adversely affect the ability of our suppliers to obtain financing for
operations. If our subcontractors’ capital structures weaken, they may fail to satisfy our demand and our business could be materially disrupted. 

If global economic and market conditions remain uncertain or persist, spread or deteriorate further, we could experience a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Our gross margins are subject to fluctuations due to many factors. 

Our gross margins may fluctuate due to many factors, including: 

§

 Product mix 

§

 Market acceptance of our new products 

§

 Competitive pricing dynamics 

§

 Geographic and/or market-segment pricing strategies 

15 

Table of Contents

§

 Changes in the mix of our prototyping- and production-based business 

§

 Various manufacturing cost variables including product yields, wafer prices, package and assembly costs, provisions for excess and obsolete inventory, and
absorption of manufacturing overhead 

Additionally, since the majority of our sales are booked and shipped through our
distributors within the same quarter, forecasting our gross margins is difficult. 

Our failure to compete successfully in the highly
competitive semiconductor industry would adversely affect our financial results and business prospects. 

The semiconductor industry,
including the PLD market, is intensely competitive. Our ability to compete successfully in the semiconductor industry depends on our ability to provide our customers with solutions providing greater value than those offered by competing programmable
logic vendors, such as Xilinx and Lattice, and other semiconductor companies that indirectly compete with us. 

Because we develop PLDs for
applications that are presently served by ASIC, ASSP, microcontroller, and digital signal processing (DSP) vendors, we indirectly compete against these vendors. Many of these vendors, including International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) and
Texas Instruments Inc., have substantially more financial, technical, and marketing resources than we do and have well-established market positions and solutions that have proven technically feasible and economically competitive over several
decades. We may be unable to displace these vendors in the targeted applications and densities. Further, other programmable logic vendors are targeting these applications and may be successful in securing market share from us. In addition, some of
our customers have historically used standard cell technologies to improve system integration in their systems, which may not only hinder our efforts to penetrate the markets for ASICs, ASSPs, microcontrollers, and digital signal processors, but
also displace our products in the applications that we presently serve. 

The length of our design-in and sales cycles could affect our
ability to forecast future sales. 

Our sales depend on our products being designed into end customers’ products, and on those
products being produced in volume. Our products are very complex, and the time from design-in to volume production ranges from six months to three years or more. From initial product design-in to volume production, many factors can affect the timing
and/or sales volume. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in the competitive position of our technology, the competitiveness of our end customers’ products in the markets they serve, our customers’ financial stability,
end customer program delays and cancellations, and our ability to ship products according to customer schedules. 

Our business is
characterized by a general decline in semiconductor product selling prices that may materially and adversely affect our profitability. 

The selling prices of our products have decreased over time. We have attempted to offset the selling price decreases by reducing manufacturing costs, improving yields, and increasing unit sales. However, our ongoing efforts may not be
successful or may not keep pace with the anticipated, continued decline in product selling prices, which could ultimately reduce revenues and gross margins. 

Because we depend on international sales for a majority of our total sales, we may be subject to political, economic, and other conditions that could increase our operating expenses and disrupt our business. 

During each of the last three years, international sales were a majority of our total sales. During 2008, sales outside of the U.S. and
Canada constituted approximately 77% of our total sales, and we expect that international sales will continue to account for a significant portion of our total sales. Risks related to our foreign operations include: 

§

 Unfavorable economic, market, political, and social conditions in a specific country or region 

§

 Fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates 

§

 Adverse changes in tax laws 

§

 Increased freight costs 

§

 Interruptions in air transportation 

16 

Table of Contents

§

 Reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries 

§

 Longer receivable collection periods 

§

 Natural or man-made disasters in the countries or regions where we sell our products 

Our business must comply with a variety of foreign laws and take risks associated with legislation and regulations for importing and exporting
semiconductor products. In the future, the United States or other countries may impose quotas, duties, tariffs, taxes, or other charges, restrictions, or trade barriers for the import or export of our products. 

We rely heavily on distributors to generate a significant portion of our sales and fulfill our customer orders. The failure of our distributors to
perform as expected could materially reduce our future sales. 

Worldwide sales through distributors accounted for 91% of our total sales
during 2008. We rely on many distributors to help us create end customer demand, provide technical support and other value-added services to end customers, fill customer orders, and stock our products. Our contracts with our distributors may be
terminated by either party upon notice. 

Our distributors are located all over the world and are of various sizes and financial conditions.
Lower sales, lower earnings, debt downgrades, the inability to access capital markets, and higher interest rates could potentially affect our distributors’ operations. 

We are highly dependent on Arrow Electronics, Inc., in many locations across the world, particularly in North America. 

During 2008, Arrow Electronics, Inc. (“Arrow”) accounted for approximately 46% of total sales on a worldwide basis, while our next-largest
distributor, Altima Corporation (“Altima”), accounted for approximately 14% of total sales. As of December 31, 2008, accounts receivable from Arrow and Altima individually accounted for 20% and 27%, respectively, of our net accounts
receivable. 

Our ability to add or replace distributors is limited. 

Our distributors are contracted by Altera to perform two primary, yet distinct, functions that are difficult to replace: 

§

 Distributors provide logistics support, such as order entry, credit, forecasting, inventory management, and shipment of product, to end customers. The process of
integrating systems to allow for electronic data interchange is complex and can be time consuming. 

§

 Distributors create demand for our products at the engineering level. This mandates the training of the extended distributor sales force, as well as hiring and
training specialized applications engineers skilled in promoting and servicing products at the engineering level. 

In
addition, our distributors’ expertise in the determination and stocking of acceptable inventory levels may not be easily transferable to a new distributor. Also, end customers may be hesitant to accept the addition or replacement of a
distributor. 

We depend entirely on independent subcontractors to supply us with finished silicon wafers. The failure of these
subcontractors to satisfy our demand could materially disrupt our business. 

Nearly all of our silicon wafers are produced by TSMC in
its manufacturing facilities located primarily in Taiwan and the U.S. Silicon wafer production facilities have a fixed capacity that is allocated solely by our vendors and beyond our direct control. We have no formalized long-term supply or
allocation commitments from our foundry suppliers. Our operations would be disrupted if TSMC ends its relationship with us and we are unable to arrange a satisfactory and cost-effective alternative to quickly fulfill customer orders. 

To ensure continued wafer supply, we may establish other wafer supply sources as these arrangements become economically advantageous or technically
necessary. However, only a few foundry vendors have the capability to manufacture our most advanced products. If we engage alternative supply sources, we may encounter start-up difficulties and incur additional costs. In addition, shipments could be
significantly delayed while these sources are qualified for volume production. 

17 

Table of Contents

Furthermore, because we rely on third-party foundries, we have little or no direct control over
production costs, delivery schedules, and wafer quality. We also face increased exposure to potential misappropriation of our intellectual property. 

Wafer shortages and/or increased wafer and assembly material costs could lower our gross margins, reduce our sales, or otherwise materially disrupt our business. 

If market demand for silicon wafers or assembly material suddenly exceeds market supply, our supply of silicon wafers or assembly material could quickly
become limited. A shortage in manufacturing capacity could hinder our ability to meet product demand. Moreover, silicon wafers constitute more than half of our product cost. If we are unable to purchase wafers at favorable prices, our gross margins
will be adversely affected. 

Product manufacturing is complex, and our foundries may not achieve the necessary yields or product
reliability that our business requires. 

Manufacturing our products is a highly complex and precise process, requiring production in a
tightly controlled environment. We depend not only on sufficient foundry manufacturing capacity and wafer prices, but also good production yields (the number of good die per wafer) and timely wafer delivery to meet customer demand and maintain
profit margins. Wafer production yields depend on a wide variety of factors including the level of contaminants in the manufacturing environment, impurities in the materials used, and the performance of personnel and equipment. As a result, we may
experience problems with achieving acceptable production yields and timely delivery from our foundry vendors. 

Difficulties in production
yields can often occur when we begin new product production, when we transition to new processes, or when our principal wafer supplier, TSMC, moves production of a product from one manufacturing plant to another, or manufactures the same product at
multiple factories. As a result of manufacturing defects, TSMC has also occasionally scrapped wafers, resulting in longer manufacturing lead times. Further, production throughput times vary considerably among the various factories used by our wafer
suppliers, and we may occasionally experience production delays. These difficulties and delays can potentially cause significantly higher costs and lower product availability. 

We depend on independent subcontractors, located in Asia, to assemble, test, and ship our semiconductor products. The failure of these subcontractors
to satisfy our demand could materially disrupt our business. 

Because we rely on independent subcontractors to assemble, test, and ship
our semiconductor products and to provide package piece parts, we cannot directly control our product delivery schedules or quality levels. We are dependent upon sufficient subcontractor assembly and test capacities, both in raw materials and
services, to meet the demand for our own products. Our future success also depends on the financial viability of our independent subcontractors. If market demand for subcontractor material and services exceeds available supply or if the
subcontractors’ capital structures weaken, we may experience product shortages, quality assurance problems, and/or increased manufacturing costs. 

Conditions outside the control of our independent subcontractors and distributors may impact their business operations and thereby adversely interrupt our manufacturing and sales processes. 

The economic, market, social, and political situations in countries where certain independent subcontractors and distributors are located are
unpredictable, can be volatile, and can have a significant impact on our business because we may be unable to obtain or distribute product in a timely manner. Market and political conditions, including currency fluctuation, terrorism, political
strife, war, labor disruption, and other factors, including natural or man-made disasters, adverse changes in tax laws, tariff, import or export quotas, power and water shortages, or interruption in air transportation, in areas where our independent
subcontractors and distributors are located also could have a severe negative impact on our operating capabilities. For example, because we rely heavily on TSMC to produce a significant portion of our silicon wafers, earthquakes or other natural
disasters in Taiwan and Asia could limit our wafer supply and thereby harm our business, financial condition, and operational results. 

18 

Table of Contents

Our failure to define, develop, and manufacture technologically advanced products would adversely
affect the success and growth of our company. 

We operate in a dynamic market characterized by rapid technological change. Our products
are manufactured using a highly complex and precise process, requiring production in a tightly controlled environment. Our current product development efforts focus on developing new PLDs, related development software and hardware, and advanced
semiconductor wafer fabrication processes. Our development efforts may not result in the timely introduction of competitive new products or product enhancements. Additionally, we may not be successful in developing new products or using and
converting established products to new and more advanced process technologies. For example, our current generation product families, the Stratix IV and Stratix IV GX families, are manufactured on a 40-nanometer process technology, but our
next-generation product families will be manufactured on smaller circuit geometries we have not used before. Using advanced process technology has technological risks and start-up difficulties that can adversely affect research and development
spending, yields, product costs, and product delivery timeliness. 

Any prolonged disruption to our global communications infrastructure
could impair our ability to plan factory activity and respond to customer demand. 

Demand for our products is highly volatile,
especially at the detailed ordering code level. To achieve short delivery lead times and superior levels of customer service while maintaining low levels of inventory, we constantly adjust our manufacturing subcontractors’ production schedules.
We develop and adjust these schedules based on end customer demand as communicated by our distributors and based on our inventory levels, manufacturing cycle times, component lead times, and projected production yields. We combine and distribute all
of this information electronically over a complex global communications network. Our ability to estimate demand and to adjust our production schedules is highly dependent on this network; we have no manual back-up. A prolonged disruption or service
failure in a portion of this network would impair our ability to plan factory activity and respond to demand. 

Product quality problems
could lead to reduced revenue, gross margins, and net income. 

We produce highly complex hardware and software products that incorporate
leading-edge technology. Our pre-shipment testing programs may not detect all defects. Because our product warranties against materials and workmanship defects and non-conformance to our specifications are for varying lengths of time, we have
occasionally been required to repair or replace components or refund the purchase price paid due to product defects. If the costs for customer or warranty claims increase significantly compared with our historical experience, our revenue, gross
margins, and net income may be adversely affected. For example, if we cannot fix a product defect in a timely manner, we may incur product reengineering expenses, increased inventory costs, or damage to our reputation, any of which could materially
affect our revenue, gross margins, and net income. 

We may be subject to product liability claims. 

Our devices are used in automotive, military, aerospace, avionics, medical equipment, and other systems where system failure could cause damage to
property or people. We may receive product liability claims if our devices cause system failures. Based on our historical experience, we believe that the risk of exposure to product liability claims is currently low, but will be higher if both the
sales volume in these applications and the frequency of system failures caused by our devices increases. 

Our business is subject to the
risks of earthquakes and other catastrophic events. 

Our corporate headquarters in San Jose, California is located near major earthquake
faults. Some of our international facilities and those of our key suppliers, including TSMC, are also located near major earthquake faults. Any catastrophic event, such as an earthquake or other natural disaster, could make it difficult for Altera
and our independent subcontractors to meet product design deadlines, maintain our records, pay our suppliers, or manufacture or ship our products. 

As we carry only limited insurance coverage, any incurred liability resulting from uncovered claims could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

Our insurance policies may not be adequate to fully offset losses from covered incidents, and we do not have coverage for certain losses. We believe our
existing insurance coverage is consistent with common practice and economic and 

19 

Table of Contents

availability considerations. If our insurance coverage is inadequate to protect us against unforeseen catastrophic losses, any uncovered losses could
adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

Our business is subject to tax risks associated with being a
multinational corporation. 

Altera does business in many countries, and is taxed according to multiple and sometimes conflicting tax
laws and conventions. These laws are subject to interpretation, judgment, and uncertainty, and can change over time. Therefore, Altera could receive a tax assessment or judgment that causes a significant change to earnings related to prior periods
and/or an increase in our effective tax rate. 

The failure of our intellectual property rights to provide meaningful protection from our
competitors could harm our competitive position. 

We rely on patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, and mask work laws to protect
our intellectual property, propriety information, and technology rights, and have increased our investment in these areas in the last several years. As of December 31, 2008, we owned more than 1,800 U.S. patents and 200 foreign patents, and had
more than 1,100 patents applications currently pending worldwide. Our patents and patent applications may not protect us from our competition, which may be able to circumvent our patents or develop new patentable technologies that displace our
products. In addition, other parties, including our former employees or consultants, may try to disclose, obtain, or use our propriety information or technologies without our authorization despite our best efforts at prevention. If other companies
obtain this information or develop similar information or technologies, they may develop products that compete against ours. 

Moreover, the
laws of certain countries where we sell, manufacture, or distribute products may not protect our products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. laws. Policing the unauthorized use of our products is difficult and costly and
could divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel. Even if we spend significant resources and efforts to protect our intellectual property, we may be unable to prevent misappropriation of our technology. If others use our
proprietary rights, it could materially harm our business and require expensive litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights. 

Intellectual property infringement claims could adversely affect our ability to manufacture and market our products. 

We
occasionally receive inquiries about possible patent infringements that may require us to obtain licenses relating to our current or future products. We may be unable to obtain licenses on reasonable terms, or the license agreements may have set
durations or may not provide complete protection against infringement claims involving all of our current or future products. If we are sued for patent infringement, the costs and outcome of litigation will be unpredictable and may have a negative
impact on our financial results. Intellectual property claims, regardless of their merit, can result in costly litigation and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel. Legal proceedings are also unpredictable and may be affected
by events outside of our control. If our defense against intellectual property infringement claims is unsuccessful, we may be required to pay significant monetary damages or be subject to an injunction against the manufacture and sale of one or more
of our product families. Alternatively, we could be required to spend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology, the success of which may be uncertain. Intellectual property litigation may have an adverse effect on our financial
position, results of operation, or cash flows. 

We have been named as a party to several lawsuits related to our historical stock option
practices and related accounting and reporting, and we may be named in additional litigation in the future, all of which could result in an unfavorable outcome and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations, cash flows, and the trading price for our securities. 

Lawsuits are currently pending against certain of our current and
former directors and officers relating to our historical stock option practices and related accounting and reporting. See Part I, Item 3 “Legal Proceedings” and Note 17 – Legal Proceedings to our consolidated financial statements
for a more detailed description of these proceedings. Under certain circumstances, we have contractual and other legal obligations to indemnify and to incur legal expenses on behalf of current and former directors and officers for these lawsuits.
The ultimate outcome of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price for our securities. Litigation may be time-consuming, expensive, and disruptive to normal business operations, and the outcome of
litigation is difficult to predict. The 

20 

Table of Contents

defense of these lawsuits may result in significant expenditures and the continued diversion of our management’s time and attention from the operation
of our business, which could impede our business.