- Risks Related to Intellectual Property
 elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Government Regulation 

Drug Development and Approval in the United States 

The preclinical studies and clinical testing, manufacture, labeling, storage, record keeping, advertising, promotion, regulatory approval pharmacovigilance reporting, export, and marketing, among other things, of our products and product candidates, including ULTOMIRIS, SOLIRIS, STRENSIQ, KANUMA and ANDEXXA, are subject to extensive regulation by governmental authorities in the U.S., the EU, Japan and other territories. In the U.S., pharmaceutical products are regulated by the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) and other laws, including, in the case of biologics, the Public Health Service Act. Our five approved products are regulated by the FDA as biologics. Biologics require the submission of a Biologics License Application (BLA) and approval by the FDA prior to being marketed in the U.S. In the case of KANUMA, which is derived from egg whites from select hens, we also submitted a New Animal Drug Application (NADA) for approval by the FDA. Manufacturers of biologics and drugs derived from animal origin may also be subject to state regulation. We also have product candidates, including our Factor D pipeline assets ALXN2040 and ALXN2050, and 

15

ALXN1840 that are small molecule compounds and, if we complete trials and request approval to market these products, these small molecules require the submission of a New Drug Application (NDA) to the FDA. Failure to comply with FDA, state and foreign regulatory requirements, both before and after product approval, may subject us and/or our partners, distributors, contract manufacturers, and suppliers to administrative or judicial sanctions, including FDA refusal to approve applications, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, fines and/or criminal prosecution.

The process for obtaining regulatory approval to market a biologic or small molecule is expensive, often takes many years, and can vary substantially based on the type, complexity, and novelty of the product candidates involved. The steps required before a pharmaceutical may be approved for marketing of an indication in the U.S. generally include:

(1) preclinical laboratory tests and animal tests;

(2) submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug (IND) application for human clinical testing, which must become effective before human clinical trials may commence;

(3) adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the product for its intended use;

(4) submission to the FDA of a BLA or supplemental BLA in the case of a biologic or an NDA or supplemental NDA in the case of a small molecule compound;

(5) FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing sites identified in the BLA or NDA; and

(6) FDA review and approval of the BLA, supplemental BLA, NDA or supplemental NDA.

Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry and formulation, as well as toxicological and pharmacological animal studies to assess the potential safety and efficacy of the product candidate. Preclinical safety tests intended for submission to FDA must be conducted in compliance with FDA’s Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) regulations and the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Animal Welfare Act. The results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information and analytical data, are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND application which must become effective before human clinical trials may be commenced. The IND will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, before that time, raises 

concerns about the drug candidate or the conduct of the trials as outlined in the IND. The IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before clinical trials can proceed. We cannot assure you that submission of an IND will result in FDA authorization to commence clinical trials or that once commenced, other concerns will not arise that will prevent the trials from moving forward. FDA may stop the clinical trials by placing them on “clinical hold” because of concerns about the safety of the product being tested, or for other reasons.

Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or to patients, under the supervision of qualified principal investigators. The conduct of clinical trials is subject to extensive regulation, including compliance with the FDA’s bioresearch monitoring regulations and Good Clinical Practice (GCP) requirements, which establish standards for conducting, recording data from, and reporting the results of clinical trials, and are intended to assure that the data and reported results are credible and accurate, and that the rights, safety, and well-being of study participants are protected. Clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with protocols that detail the objectives of the study, the criteria for determining subject eligibility, the dosing plan, patient monitoring requirements, timely reporting of adverse events, and other elements necessary to ensure patient safety, and any efficacy criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol must be submitted to FDA as part of the IND; further, each clinical study at each clinical site must be reviewed and approved by an independent institutional review board, prior to the recruitment of subjects. The institutional review board’s role is to protect the rights and welfare of human subjects involved in clinical studies by evaluating, among other things, the potential risks and benefits to subjects, processes for obtaining informed consent, monitoring of data to ensure subject safety, and provisions to protect the subjects’ privacy. Foreign studies conducted under an IND application must meet the same requirements that apply to studies being conducted in the U.S. Data from a foreign study not conducted under an IND may be submitted in support of a BLA or an NDA if the study was conducted in accordance with GCP and FDA is able to validate the data.

Clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap and different trials may be initiated with the same drug candidate within the same phase of development in similar or differing patient populations. Phase I studies may be conducted in a limited number of patients, but are usually conducted in healthy volunteer subjects. The drug is usually tested for safety and, as appropriate, for absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion, pharmaco-dynamics and pharmaco-kinetics. Phase II usually 

16

involves studies in a larger, but still limited patient population to evaluate preliminarily the efficacy of the drug candidate for specific, targeted indications; to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage; and to identify possible short-term adverse effects and safety risks.

Phase III trials are undertaken to gather additional information to evaluate the product’s overall risk-benefit profile, and to provide a basis for product labeling. Phase III trials evaluate clinical efficacy of a specific endpoint(s) and test further for safety within an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical study sites. Phase I, Phase II or Phase III testing might not be completed successfully within any specific time period, if at all, with respect to any of our product candidates. Results from one trial are not necessarily predictive of results from later trials. Furthermore, the FDA, sponsor or institutional review board may suspend clinical trials at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. For example, we paused enrollment for our Phase III trial of ULTOMIRIS in adults with COVID-19, who are hospitalized with severe COVID-19 requiring mechanical ventilation because of lack of efficacy following the recommendation of an IDMC.

In certain circumstances, regulatory authorities, including the FDA, can require a product undergo a Phase IV trial. Phase IV trials are post-marketing studies, which are conducted after a product is approved for use by the regulatory authority, in order to provide additional information including the product’s risks, benefits, and best use. While the requirement for Phase IV is not a regulatory requirement for approval for every product, it is imposed at the discretion of the regulatory authority. For example, the accelerated approval of ANDEXXA in the U.S. and the granting of a Conditional Marketing Authorization in the EU for current indications required completion of ANNEXA-I, a Phase IV randomized controlled multicenter clinical trial, which is currently underway and designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of ANDEXXA versus standard of care in patients presenting with acute intracranial hemorrhage while taking an oral Factor Xa inhibitor. 

We must register each controlled clinical trial, other than Phase I trials, on a website administered by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) (http://clinicaltrials.gov). Registration must occur no later than 21 days after the first patient is enrolled, and the submission must include descriptive information (e.g., a summary in lay terms of the study design, type and desired outcome), recruitment information (e.g., target number of participants and whether healthy volunteers are accepted), location and contact information, and other administrative data (e.g., FDA identification numbers). Within one year of a trial’s completion, information about the trial including 

characteristics of the patient sample, primary and secondary outcomes, trial results written in lay and technical terms, and the full trial protocol must be submitted to the NIH. The results information is posted to the website unless the drug has not yet been approved, in which case the NIH posts the information shortly after approval. A BLA, BLA supplement, NDA, NDA supplement and certain other submissions to the FDA require certification of compliance with these clinical trials database requirements.

The results of the preclinical studies and clinical trials, together with other detailed information, including information on the manufacture and composition of the product and proposed labeling for the product, are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA or NDA requesting approval to market the product candidate for a proposed indication. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, as amended, the fees payable to the FDA for reviewing a BLA or NDA, as well as annual fees for commercial manufacturing establishments and for approved products, can be substantial. The review fee alone can exceed $2.0 subject to certain limited deferrals, waivers and reductions that may be available. Each BLA and NDA submitted to the FDA for approval is typically reviewed for administrative completeness and reviewability within sixty days following submission of the application. If the FDA finds the submission sufficiently complete, the FDA will “file” the application, thus triggering a full review of the application. The FDA may refuse to file any BLA or NDA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission. The FDA performance goals provide for action on an application within 12 months of submission. The FDA, however, may not approve a drug within these established goals and its review goals are subject to change from time to time because the review process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. As part of its review, the FDA may refer the BLA or NDA to an advisory committee composed of outside experts for evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved.

Further, the outcome of the FDA review, even if generally favorable, may not be an actual approval but instead a “complete response letter” communicating the FDA’s decision not to approve the application, outlining the deficiencies in the application, and identifying what information and/or data (including additional pre-clinical or clinical data) is required before the application can be approved. Even if such additional information and data are submitted, the FDA may decide that the application still does not meet the standards for approval. Data from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we do.

17

Before approving a BLA or NDA, the FDA typically will inspect the facilities at which the product is manufactured and will not approve the product unless the facilities comply with the FDA’s current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) requirements. The FDA may deny approval of an application if applicable statutory or regulatory criteria are not satisfied, or may require additional testing or information. FDA approval of any BLA or NDA may include many delays and requests for additional information or never be granted. If a product is approved, the approval will impose limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed, may require that warning statements be included in the product labeling, and may require that additional studies be conducted following approval as a condition of the approval (as is the case with ANDEXXA, where the FDA’s continued approval is contingent upon post-marketing study results that verify clinical benefit is conferred to patients). The FDA also may impose restrictions and conditions on product distribution, prescribing or dispensing in the form of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS), or otherwise limit the scope of any approval. A REMS may include various elements, ranging from a medication guide to limitations on who may prescribe or dispense the drug, depending on what the FDA considers necessary for the safe use of the drug. To market a product for other indicated uses beyond those in the product label, or to make certain manufacturing or other changes, requires FDA review and approval of a BLA supplement or new BLA (or NDA or NDA supplement in the case of a small molecule compound) and the payment of applicable review fees. Further post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of a product may be required. In addition, new government requirements may be established that could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our product candidates under development.

In 2010, the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act (BPCIA) was enacted, creating a statutory pathway for licensure, or approval, of biological products that are biosimilar to, and possibly interchangeable with, reference biological products licensed under the Public Health Service Act. The objectives of the BPCIA are conceptually similar to those of the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the “Hatch-Waxman Act”, which established abbreviated pathways for the approval of small molecule drug products. Under the BPCIA, innovator manufacturers of original reference biological products are granted 12 years of exclusive use before biosimilar versions of such products can be licensed for marketing in the U.S. This means that the FDA may not approve an application for a biosimilar version of a reference biological product until 12 years after the date of 

approval of the reference biological product (with a potential six-month extension of exclusivity if certain pediatric studies are conducted and the results reported to FDA), although a biosimilar application may be submitted four years after the date of licensure of the reference biological product. Additionally, the BPCIA establishes procedures by which the biosimilar applicant must provide information about its application and product to the reference product sponsor, and by which information about potentially relevant patents is shared and litigation over patents may proceed in advance of approval. The BPCIA also provides a period of exclusivity for the first biosimilar to be determined by the FDA to be interchangeable with the reference product.

The FDA has released numerous guidance documents interpreting the BPCIA in recent years. These guidance documents, among other things, elaborate on the definition of a biosimilar as a biological product that is highly similar to an already approved biological product, notwithstanding minor differences in clinically inactive components, and for which there are no clinically meaningful differences between the biosimilar and the approved biological product in terms of the safety, purity, and potency. The FDA has also released final guidance documents on the assignment of clearly distinguishable nonproprietary product names for both biologic and biosimilar products, labeling for biosimilar products, considerations in demonstrating interchangeability with a reference product, including a biologic, and questions and answers on issues involving biosimilar development. FDA has also issued a draft guidance for biologics and interchangeable biosimilars regarding the licensure for fewer than all conditions of use for which the reference product has been licensed. 

The FDA approved the first biosimilar product under the BPCIA in 2015 and, as of December 2020, twenty nine (29) biosimilar products have been approved in total. The agency continues to refine the procedures and standards it will apply in implementing this approval pathway. In July 2018, the FDA issued a Biosimilars Action Plan, asserting its intent to take steps to facilitate biosimilars competition. We anticipate that the contours of the BPCIA will continue to be defined as the statute is implemented over a period of years. This likely will be accomplished by a variety of means, including FDA issuance of guidance documents, proposed regulations, and decisions in the course of considering specific applications. Also, in 2019, the CREATES Act was signed, which requires that product manufacturers timely sell comparator trial supply at a commercially reasonable price (no more than the manufacturers wholesale acquisition cost) to biosimilar developers. The approval of a biologic product biosimilar to one of our products, including 

18

SOLIRIS, could have a material impact on our business because it may be significantly less costly to bring to market, may be priced significantly lower than our products, and result in a reduction in the pricing and reimbursement of our products.

Both before and after the FDA approves a product, the manufacturer and the holder or holders of the BLA or NDA, and in the case of KANUMA, the NADA, for the product are subject to comprehensive regulatory oversight. If ongoing regulatory requirements are not satisfied or if safety problems occur after the product reaches the market, the FDA may at any time withdraw its approval or take actions that would suspend marketing. For example, quality control and manufacturing procedures must conform, on an ongoing basis, to cGMP requirements, and the FDA periodically subjects manufacturing facilities to unannounced inspections to assess compliance with cGMP. Failure to comply with applicable cGMP requirements and other conditions of product approval may lead the FDA to take regulatory action, including fines, recalls, civil penalties, injunctions, suspension of manufacturing operations, operating restrictions, withdrawal of FDA approval, seizure or recall of products, and criminal prosecution. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to spend time, money, and effort to maintain cGMP compliance.

The FDA and other federal regulatory agencies also closely regulate the promotion of drugs and biologics through, among other things, standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, communications regarding unapproved uses, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, and promotional activities involving the Internet and social media. A product cannot be commercially promoted before it is approved. After approval, product promotion can include only those claims relating to safety and effectiveness that are consistent with the labeling approved by the FDA. Healthcare providers are permitted to prescribe drugs and biologics for uses not approved by the FDA and therefore not described in the product’s labeling - because the FDA does not regulate the practice of medicine. However, FDA regulations impose stringent restrictions on manufacturers’ communications regarding such uses. Broadly speaking, a manufacturer may not promote a drug or biologic for an unapproved use, but may engage in non-promotional, balanced communication regarding such uses under certain conditions. Failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements and restrictions in this area may subject a company to adverse publicity and enforcement action by the FDA, the Department of Justice, or the Office of the Inspector General (OIG) of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), as well as state authorities. Noncompliance could subject a company to a range of penalties that could have a significant commercial impact, including civil and criminal fines 

and agreements that materially restrict the manner in which a company promotes or distributes drug or biologic products.

Orphan Drug Designation in the U.S., the EU and Other Foreign Jurisdictions

Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to drugs and biological products intended to treat a “rare disease or condition,” which generally is a disease or condition that affects fewer than two hundred thousand individuals in the U.S. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting a BLA, supplemental BLA, NDA or supplemental NDA. If the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are publicly disclosed by the FDA. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. If a product which has an orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for that drug or biologic for the indication for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to an orphan exclusivity period, in which the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug or biologic for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as where the sponsor of a different version of the product is able to demonstrate that its product is clinically superior to the approved orphan drug product. This exclusivity does not prevent a competitor from obtaining approval to market a different product that treats the same disease or condition or the same product to treat a different disease or condition. The FDA can revoke a product’s orphan drug exclusivity under certain circumstances, including when the holder of the approved orphan drug application is unable to assure the availability of sufficient quantities of the drug to meet patient needs. A sponsor of a product application that has received an orphan drug designation is also granted U.S. federal tax incentives for clinical research undertaken to support the application. In addition, the FDA will typically coordinate with the sponsor on research study design for an orphan drug and may exercise its discretion to grant marketing approval on the basis of more limited product safety and efficacy data than would ordinarily be required.

In the EU, medicinal products: (a) that are used to treat or prevent life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions that affect no more than five in ten thousand people in the EU when the application is made; or (b) that are used to treat or prevent life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions and that, for economic reasons, would be unlikely to be developed without incentives; and (c) where no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of the condition concerned exists, or, if 

19

such a method exists, the medicinal product would be of significant benefit to those affected by the condition, may be granted an orphan designation. The application for orphan designation must be submitted to the EMA and approved before an application is made for marketing authorization for the product. Once authorized, orphan medicinal products are entitled to up to ten years of market exclusivity (which may be extended for an additional two years if pediatric data have been produced in accordance with an agreed pediatric investigational plan). During this ten year period, with a limited number of exceptions, neither the competent authorities of the EU Member States, the EMA, or the EC are permitted to accept applications or grant marketing authorization for other similar medicinal products with the same therapeutic indication. However, marketing authorization may be granted to a similar medicinal product with the same orphan indication during the ten year period with the consent of the marketing authorization holder for the original orphan medicinal product or if the manufacturer of the original orphan medicinal product is unable to supply sufficient quantities. Marketing authorization may also be granted to a similar medicinal product with the same orphan indication if this latter product is safer, more efficacious or otherwise clinically superior to the original orphan medicinal product. The period of market exclusivity may, in addition, be reduced to six years if it can be demonstrated on the basis of available evidence that the criteria for orphan designation are no longer met or if the orphan medicinal product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity.

ULTOMIRIS has received orphan drug designation for the treatment of patients with PNH in the U.S. and Japan, and for the subcutaneous treatment of patients with aHUS in the U.S. SOLIRIS has received orphan drug designation for (a) aHUS in the EU and in several other territories; (b) the prevention of delayed graft function in renal transplant patients in the U.S.; (c) the treatment of patients with gMG in the U.S., Japan and the EU; and (d) for the treatment of NMOSD in the U.S., EU and Japan. In 2008, STRENSIQ received orphan drug designation for the treatment of patients with HPP in the U.S. and the EU, and in Japan in November 2014. Furthermore, in 2010, KANUMA received orphan drug designation for the treatment of LAL-D in the U.S., the EU and Japan. Finally, ANDEXXA has received orphan drug designation in the U.S. as a reversal agent for patients treated with rivaroxaban or apixaban, when reversal of anticoagulation is needed due to life-threatening or uncontrolled bleeding. Certain products in our pipeline, including ALXN2040, have received the orphan drug designation. As noted above, orphan drug designation provides certain regulatory and filing fee advantages, including market exclusivity, except in 

limited circumstances, for several years after approval.

Breakthrough Designation in the U.S.

Congress has created the Breakthrough Therapy designation program under which the FDA may grant Breakthrough Therapy status to a drug intended for the treatment of a serious condition when preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement on a clinically significant endpoint over existing therapies. The Breakthrough Therapy designation, which may be requested by a sponsor when filing or amending an IND, is intended to facilitate and expedite the development and FDA review of a product candidate. Specifically, the Breakthrough Therapy designation may entitle the sponsor to more frequent meetings with FDA during drug development, intensive guidance on clinical trial design, and expedited FDA review by a cross-disciplinary team comprised of senior managers. The designation does not guarantee a faster development or review time as compared to other drugs however, nor does it assure that the drug will obtain ultimate marketing approval by the FDA. Once granted, the FDA may withdraw this designation at any time if subsequent data no longer support the breakthrough therapy designation. We have received Breakthrough Therapy designations for STRENSIQ for HPP in perinatal-, infant-, and juvenile-onset patients; for KANUMA in the treatment of LAL-D presenting in infants and for ANDEXXA for patients treated with direct FXa inhibitors when reversal of anticoagulation is needed due to life-threatening or uncontrolled bleeding. It is difficult for us to predict the impact that these designations will have on the development and FDA review of our products.

21st Century Cures Act (the Cures Act)

In December 2016, Congress passed the Cures Act which included a number of provisions designed to speed development of innovative therapies, provide funding authorization to the NIH, and provide funding for certain oncology-directed research. Because the FDA is still working to implement many aspects of the Cures Act, its potential effect on our business remains unclear with the exception of a provision requiring that we post our policies on the availability of expanded access programs for individuals. In addition, the Cures Act includes provisions requiring the FDA to assess and publish guidance on the use of novel clinical trial designs, the use of real world evidence in applications, the availability of summary level review for supplemental applications for certain indications, and the qualification of drug development tools. Because these provisions allow the FDA to spend several years developing these policies, the effect on us could be delayed. At this time, we cannot anticipate what effect these future policies may have on our business.

20

The Cures Act also authorized $1,800.0 in funding for the “Cancer Moonshot” initiative (the Initiative) over a seven-year period to be run by the National Cancer Institute under the NIH. The Initiative’s strategic goals encourage inter-agency cooperation and fund research and innovation to catalyze new scientific breakthroughs, bring new therapies to patients, and strengthen prevention and diagnosis. The Initiative aims to stimulate drug development through the creation of a public-private partnership with 20 to 30 pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to expedite cancer researchers’ access to investigational agents and approved drugs. This partnership is designed to permit researchers to obtain drugs and other technologies from a preapproved “formulary” list without having to negotiate with each company for individual research projects. We will continue to monitor these developments but cannot currently assess how the Initiative may impact our business.

Right to Try Act

The Right to Try Act was signed into law on May 30, 2018. The law provides an access pathway for eligible patients (as defined under the law) who have been diagnosed with life-threatening diseases or conditions and have tried all approved treatment options and are unable to participate in a clinical trial to obtain certain investigational or unapproved treatments, each as defined under the law.

As a clinical trial sponsor, when requested, Alexion is required to provide eligible patients or their providers with information about whether our products are considered an eligible investigational drug under Right to Try and if we would provide products under the Right to Try Act.

Foreign Regulation of Drug Development and Approval

In addition to regulations in the U.S., we are subject to a variety of foreign regulatory requirements including those governing drug development, pre-clinical trials, human clinical trials, marketing approval, manufacturing, pharmacovigilance and post-marketing regulation for drugs. The foreign regulatory approval process includes all of the risks associated with FDA approval set forth above, as well as additional country-specific regulations. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain approval of a product by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. Approval by one regulatory authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. The approval process varies from country to country, can involve additional testing beyond that required by FDA, and the approval process may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing, 

promotion, and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country.

Under the EU regulatory process and system, we may submit applications for marketing authorizations either under a centralized, decentralized, or mutual recognition marketing authorization procedure. The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization for a medicinal product by the EC on the basis of a positive opinion by the EMA Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) and is mandatory for certain categories of medicinal products, such as orphan medicinal products. A centralized marketing authorization is valid for all EU Member States and the European Economic Area (EEA) states and such marketing authorization applications may be eligible for accelerated assessment if the CHMP decides the product is of major interest for the public health and therapeutic innovations. The decentralized procedure and the mutual recognition procedure apply between EU Member States. The decentralized marketing authorization procedure involves the submission of an application for marketing authorization to the competent authority of all EU member states in which the product is to be marketed. One national competent authority, selected by the applicant, assesses the application for marketing authorization. The competent authorities of the other EU Member States are subsequently required to grant marketing authorization for their territory on the basis of this assessment, except where grounds of potential serious risk to public health require this authorization to be refused. The mutual recognition procedure provides for mutual recognition of marketing authorizations delivered by the national competent authorities of EU Member States by the competent authorities of other EU Member States. The holder of a national marketing authorization may submit an application to the competent authority of an EU Member State requesting that this authority recognize the marketing authorization delivered by the competent authority of another EU Member State for the same medicinal product. The EC may agree upon recommendation of the EMA to grant for medicines designated as orphan medicines a (i) conditional marketing authorization in the interest of public health under certain conditions; namely that unmet medical needs will be fulfilled, the benefit-risk balance of the product is positive, the benefit to public health of the medicinal product’s immediate availability on the market outweighs the risks due to need for further data and it is likely that the applicant will be able to provide comprehensive data; or (ii) marketing authorization under “exceptional circumstances” when the applicant can show that it is unable to provide comprehensive data on the efficacy and safety under normal conditions of use and subject to specific procedures being introduced. This may arise in 

21

particular when the intended indications are very rare, in the present state of scientific knowledge, it is not possible to provide comprehensive information, or when generating data may be contrary to generally accepted ethical principles.

Similar to the U.S., both marketing authorization holders and manufacturers of medicinal products are subject to comprehensive regulatory oversight by the EMA and the competent authorities of the individual EU Member States both before and after grant of the manufacturing and marketing authorizations. This includes control of compliance by the companies within the EU legal framework (i.e., GCP, GLP, cGMP and pharmacovigilance rules, which govern quality control of the manufacturing process and require documentation policies and procedures). We and our third party manufacturers are required under regulations to ensure that all of our processes, methods, and equipment are compliant with GCP, GLP, cGMP and pharmacovigilance rules. The EMA and national competent authorities have in the past, and expect that they will continue to, arrange inspections to ensure that we adhere to these principles and regulations. Any adverse findings from such inspections, depending on their severity, may result in significant delays in obtaining a marketing authorization, may impose penalties or may result in other action by regulatory authorities.

Failure by us or by any of our third party partners, including suppliers, manufacturers, marketers and distributors to comply with EU laws and the related national laws of individual EU Member States governing the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing approval, marketing authorization of medicinal products, pre-approval promotion of products, reporting of adverse health events, both before and after grant of marketing authorization, and marketing/promotion of such products following grant of authorization may result in administrative, civil, or criminal penalties. These penalties could include delays in or refusal to authorize the conduct of clinical trials or to grant marketing authorization, product withdrawals and recalls, product seizures, suspension, or variation of the marketing authorization, total or partial suspension of production, distribution, manufacturing, or clinical trials, operating restrictions, injunctions, suspension of licenses, fines, and criminal penalties.

In April 2014, the EU adopted a new Clinical Trials Regulation, (EU) No 536/2014, which will replace the current Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC. To ensure that the rules for clinical trials are identical throughout the EU, the new EU clinical trials legislation was passed as a regulation that is directly applicable in all EU Member States without the need for implementation into the Member States’ national laws. All clinical trials performed in the EU are 

required to be conducted in accordance with the Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC until the new Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 becomes applicable. According to the current plans of the EMA, the new Clinical Trials Regulation will become applicable in late 2021 or early 2022. The Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC will, however, still apply three years from the date of entry into application of the Clinical Trials Regulation to (i) clinical trials applications submitted before the entry into application and (ii) clinical trials applications submitted within one year after the entry into application if the sponsor opts for old regulatory framework.

The new Clinical Trials Regulation aims to simplify and streamline the approval of clinical trials in the EU. The main characteristics of the regulation include: a streamlined application procedure via a single entry point, the EU portal; a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application, as well as simplified reporting procedures that will spare sponsors from submitting broadly identical information separately to various bodies and different member states; and harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications for clinical trials, which is divided in two parts.

The EU has had an established regulatory pathway for biosimilars since 2005 and has approved several biosimilar products. In addition, in February 2017 the EMA launched a pilot project with the aim of providing scientific advice to companies for the development of new biosimilar products.

The approval of a biosimilar of one of our products marketed in the EU could have a material impact on our business. The biosimilar may be less costly to bring to market, may be priced significantly lower than our products, and result in a reduction in the pricing and reimbursement of our products.

Pharmaceutical Pricing and Reimbursement 

Sales of pharmaceutical products depend in significant part on the extent of coverage and reimbursement from third party payers, including government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S, as well as private health insurers. Third party payers are sensitive to the cost of drugs and are increasingly seeking to implement cost containment measures to control, restrict access to, or influence the purchase of drugs, biologics, and other health care products and services. For example, governments may regulate reimbursement, pricing, and coverage of products in order to control costs or to affect utilization levels of certain products. In addition, private health insurance plans may take additional actions as well, including restricting coverage of some products, such as by using drug formularies under which only select drugs or uses of select drugs are covered, through the implementation 

22

of variable patient co-payment obligations that make non-preferred drugs more expensive for patients, and by employing utilization management controls, such as requirements for prior authorization or prior failure on another type of treatment before the insurer will cover and reimburse a particular therapy. Payers may especially impose these obstacles in connection with the coverage for higher-priced drugs such as those we sell. Consequently, all of our products may be subject to payer-driven restrictions, rendering patients responsible for a higher percentage of the total cost of drugs in the outpatient setting or there may be no coverage at all. Certain payers have in the past, and may in the future, remove our products from their existing formularies and, as a result, beneficiaries no longer have access to our products. These measures can lower the demand for our products, including if the increased patient cost-sharing obligations are more than patients can afford.

Medicare is a U.S. federal government insurance program that covers individuals aged 65 years or older, as well as individuals of any age with certain disabilities, individuals with end-stage renal disease and ALS. Our products when used by Medicare beneficiaries are primarily reimbursed by Medicare under Medicare Part B, which generally covers physician services and outpatient care, including some outpatient prescription drugs under limited conditions, and Medicare Part D, which provides an outpatient prescription drug benefit for Medicare beneficiaries. In addition, ANDEXXA, which is used in the urgent care setting in order to reverse the effects of certain anticoagulant medications for patients suffering sever bleeds, is covered by Medicare Part A, which covers, among other things, in-patient care in a hospital.

Generally speaking, Medicare Part B provides limited coverage of certain outpatient drugs and biologics that are reasonable and necessary for diagnosis or treatment of an illness or injury. Under Part B, reimbursement for most drugs is based on a fixed percentage above the applicable product’s average sales price (ASP). Manufacturers calculate ASP based on a statutory formula and must report ASP information to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), the federal agency within HHS that administers Medicare and the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, on a quarterly basis. Under the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, Medicare pays physicians and suppliers ASP plus 6.0% for most Part B-covered drugs and biologics. Medicare payment for separately payable Part B drugs reimbursed through the hospital outpatient prospective payment system is generally under the discretion of CMS, meaning it can be changed without legislative action from Congress. The current reimbursement rate for most separately payable Part B drugs used in the hospital outpatient 

setting is ASP plus 6.0%. One exception, however, is that, effective January 1, 2018, Medicare pays certain 340B covered entities at ASP minus 22.5% (or 77.5% of ASP) for separately payable Part-B covered drugs and biologics that were purchased under the 340B Program in a hospital outpatient setting, as discussed further below. In addition, the sequester that is currently in place through 2030 (which Congress temporarily suspended from May 1, 2020 through March 31 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic) reduces the portion of the payment paid by Medicare by 2.0%, which results in a net payment rate equivalent to ASP plus 4.3%. The sequester affects other Medicare payments, and the overall 2.0% sequester rate is discussed in more detail below. In both settings (i.e., physician office and hospital outpatient), the amount of reimbursement is updated quarterly based on the manufacturer’s submission of new ASP information. 

Medicare Part D is an outpatient prescription drug benefit available to all Medicare beneficiaries. It is a benefit that is implemented through private insurance plans under contractual arrangements between the plans and the federal government. Similar to pharmaceutical coverage through private health insurance, Part D plans develop formularies, impose utilization controls (such as prior authorization, step therapy, and quantity limits), and negotiate discounts from drug manufacturers. Because of this, the list of prescription drugs covered by Part D plans varies by plan. However, with limited exceptions, individual plans are required by statute to cover certain therapeutic categories and classes of drugs or biologics and to have at least two drugs in each unique therapeutic category or class.

Our products can also be provided under Medicare Parts A and C (Medicare Advantage, as discussed below). Medicare Part A generally covers inpatient hospital benefits and other inpatient facility stays. Hospitals typically receive a single payment for an inpatient stay depending on the Medicare Severity Diagnosis Related Group (MS-DRG) to which the inpatient stay is assigned. The MS-DRG for a hospital inpatient stay varies based on the patient’s condition. Hospitals and other applicable inpatient facilities generally do not receive separate payment for drugs and biologics administered to patients during an inpatient hospital stay. As a result, hospitals and other inpatient facilities may not have a financial incentive to utilize our products for inpatients where lower cost alternative therapies are available.

Finally, Medicare beneficiaries can receive their Part A, B, and D benefits through a Medicare Advantage organization plan that is administered by a private insurance company pursuant to Medicare Part C. Similar to private health insurance plans, Medicare Advantage organization plans negotiate discounts with 

23

health care providers and implement utilization controls, including, most notably, step therapy for Part B drugs, which became effective January 1, 2019. This means that Medicare Advantage plans can now require beneficiaries to use a more cost-effective drug therapy first and only progress to a more costly therapy if and when determined necessary after medical review. This method of utilization management can lower the demand for therapies subject to step therapy, including expensive therapies. 

The Budget Control Act of 2011, as amended, requires Medicare payments for all items and services, including drugs and biologics, to be reduced by up to 2.0% under sequestration (i.e., automatic spending reductions, calculated each year by the Office of Management and Budget). Subsequent legislation extended the 2.0% reduction, on average, to 2030 (except for the period from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2021 during which Congress temporarily suspended the sequester due to the COVID-19 pandemic). This 2.0% reduction in Medicare payments affects all Parts of the Medicare program and could impact sales of our products. Additional sequestration orders under the statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 could also be triggered, potentially resulting in up to a 4.0% reduction in Medicare payments. These potential future reductions to Medicare Part B reimbursement to physicians could potentially negatively impact our business as well, including our C5 inhibitors which are administered in the inpatient setting. 

Pursuant to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Statute (42 U.S.C. § 1396r-8(a)(1)), we are required to participate in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program in order for federal payment to be available for our products under Medicaid and Medicare Part B. Medicaid is a government health insurance program for eligible low-income adults, children, families, pregnant women, and people with certain disabilities. It is jointly funded by the federal and state governments, and it is administered by individual states within parameters established by the federal government. As a result, coverage and reimbursement requirements for drugs and biologics vary by state. For example, drugs and biologics may be covered under the medical or pharmacy benefit, and state Medicaid programs may impose different utilization management controls, such as prior authorization, step therapy, or quantity limits on drugs and biologics, subject to federal limitations for such controls. But all states must generally provide coverage and reimbursement for a manufacturer’s covered outpatient drugs, as that term is defined by applicable law, if a manufacturer participates in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. 

Under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, we are required to, among other things, pay a rebate to 

each state Medicaid program for quantities of our products utilized on an outpatient basis (with some exceptions) that are dispensed to Medicaid beneficiaries and paid for by a state Medicaid program. Medicaid Drug Rebate Program rebates are calculated using a statutory formula, state-reported utilization data, and pricing data that are calculated and reported by us on a monthly and quarterly basis to CMS. These data include the average manufacturer price and, in the case of single source and innovator multiple source products, the best price for each drug. As further described below under “U.S. Healthcare Reform and Other U.S. and International Healthcare Laws,” the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the PPACA), made significant changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program that could negatively impact our results of operations. Additionally, the Right Rebate Act became effective April 2019, which primarily imposes new penalties on drug manufacturers that knowingly misclassify a covered outpatient drug under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program.

In addition to participating in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, federal law requires manufacturers like us to participate in the Public Health Service’s 340B drug pricing program in order for federal funds to be available for the manufacturer’s drugs under Medicaid and Medicare Part B. The 340B drug pricing program requires participating manufacturers to agree to charge statutorily-defined covered entities no more than the 340B “ceiling price” for the manufacturer’s covered outpatient drugs. These 340B covered entities only include health care organizations that have certain federal designations or receive funding from specific federal programs, including Federally Qualified Health Centers, Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program grantees, and certain types of hospitals and specialized clinics, as well as certain hospitals that serve a disproportionate share of low-income patients. PPACA expanded the 340B program to include additional types of covered entities: certain children’s hospitals, certain free-standing cancer hospitals, critical access hospitals, certain rural referral centers and certain sole community hospitals, each as defined by PPACA. However, “orphan drugs” i.e., those designated under section 526 of the FDCA, such as certain of our products that have received market authorization (as identified above), are exempted from the ceiling price requirements for these eligible entities added by PPACA (except for certain children’s hospitals). The 340B ceiling price is calculated using a statutory formula, which is based on the average manufacturer price and rebate amount for the covered outpatient drug as calculated under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, and in general, products subject to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are also subject to the 340B ceiling price 

24

calculation and discount requirement. Any changes to the definition of Medicaid average manufacturer price and the Medicaid rebate amount also could affect our 340B ceiling price calculation for our products and could negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, after multiple delays, the final rule implementing civil monetary penalties against manufacturers for instances of overcharging 340B covered entities became effective on January 1, 2019. Accordingly, we could be subject to such penalties if the government finds that we knowingly and intentionally overcharged a 340B covered entity.

Federal law requires that for a company to be eligible to have its products paid for with federal funds under the Medicaid and Medicare Part B programs as well as to be purchased by certain federal agencies and grantees, it also must participate in the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) pricing program. To participate, we are required to enter into an FSS contract and other agreements with the VA for our products, which qualify as “covered drugs.” Under these agreements, we must make our products available to the “Big Four” federal agencies the VA, the Department of Defense (DoD), the Public Health Service (including the Indian Health Service), and the Coast Guard at pricing that is capped pursuant to a statutory federal ceiling price, or FCP, formula set forth in Section 603 of the Veterans Health Care Act of 1992 (VHCA). The FCP is based on a weighted average non-federal average manufacturer price (Non-FAMP), which manufacturers are required to report on a quarterly and annual basis to the VA. Pursuant to the VHCA, knowing provision of false information in connection with a Non-FAMP filing can subject a manufacturer to a penalty for each item of false information and could result in other potential liability as well, including liability under the False Claims Act (which is discussed in more detail below).

FSS contracts are federal procurement contracts that include standard government terms and conditions, separate pricing for each product, and extensive disclosure and certification requirements. All items on FSS contracts are subject to a standard FSS contract clause that requires FSS contract price reductions under certain circumstances where pricing is reduced to an agreed “tracking customer.” Further, in addition to the “Big Four” agencies, all other federal agencies and some non-federal entities are authorized to purchase off FSS contracts. FSS contractors are permitted to charge FSS purchasers other than the Big Four agencies “negotiated pricing” for covered drugs that is not capped by the FCP; instead, such pricing is negotiated based on a mandatory disclosure of the contractor’s commercial “most favored customer” pricing. We offer dual pricing on our FSS contract.

In addition, pursuant to regulations issued by the DoD to implement Section 703 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008, each of our covered drugs is listed on an agreement with the Defense Health Agency (DHA) under which we have agreed to honor the “Big Four” pricing for our products when they are dispensed to TRICARE beneficiaries by TRICARE retail network pharmacies. More specifically, we have agreed to provide rebates (or refunds) on such utilization. Companies are required to enter into a DHA Agreement for “covered drug” products in order for the covered drug to be eligible for DoD formulary inclusion and available to TRICARE beneficiaries without preauthorization. The formula for determining the rebate is established in the regulations and our DHA agreement and is based on the difference between the annual Non-FAMP and the FCP (as described above, these price points are required to be calculated by us under the VHCA).

As noted in the foregoing, pricing and rebate calculations vary among products and programs. The calculations can be very complex and are often subject to interpretation by us, governmental or regulatory agencies and the courts. We cannot assure you that our submissions will not be found by CMS or other governmental agencies to be incomplete or incorrect. Governmental agencies may also make changes in program interpretations, requirements or conditions of participation, some of which may have implications for amounts previously estimated or paid. For example, if we become aware that certain Medicaid Drug Rebate Program price reporting for a prior quarter was incorrect, or has changed as a result of recalculation of the pricing data, we are obligated to resubmit the corrected data for a period not to exceed twelve quarters from the quarter in which the data originally were due, and CMS may consider restatements for earlier periods as well depending on the circumstance. Such restatements and recalculations increase our costs for complying with the laws and regulations governing the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. Any corrections to our Medicaid rebate calculations could result in an increase or decrease in our rebate liability for past quarters, depending on the nature of the correction. Price recalculations also may affect the ceiling price at which we are required to offer our products to certain covered entities under the 340B drug pricing program.

Any failure to comply with these price reporting and rebate payment obligations could negatively impact our financial results. Civil monetary penalties can be applied if we are found to have knowingly submitted any false price information to the government, if we are found to have made a misrepresentation in the reporting of our average sales price, or if we fail to submit the required price data on a timely basis. Such conduct also could be grounds for CMS to terminate our Medicaid drug 

25

rebate agreement, in which case federal payments may not be available under Medicaid or Medicare Part B for our covered outpatient drugs, as well as provide a basis for other potential liability under other federal laws such as the False Claims Act.

Payers also are increasingly considering new metrics as the basis for reimbursement rates, such as ASP, average manufacturer price, and actual acquisition cost. The existing data for reimbursement based on these metrics is relatively limited, although certain states have begun to survey acquisition cost data for the purpose of setting Medicaid reimbursement rates. CMS surveys and publishes retail community pharmacy acquisition cost information in the form of National Average Drug Acquisition Cost files to provide state Medicaid agencies with a basis of comparison for their own reimbursement and pricing methodologies and rates. It may be difficult to project the impact of these evolving reimbursement mechanics on the willingness of payers to cover our products.

Further, in the U.S., there is increased focus on drug pricing and pricing-related matters: the President, HHS officials (including CMS and the FDA), and lawmakers and regulators (at both the federal and state level) have expressed a clear interest in efforts to reduce prices for drugs and biologics, further increase transparency around prices and price increases, lower out-of-pocket costs for consumers, and decrease spending on drugs by government programs. Members of Congress, for example, have launched investigations into the pricing practices of the prescription drug industry, have held hearings to investigate increases in drug prices, and continue to consider and pass legislation to address high drug prices and increase drug price transparency. This includes a coronavirus relief and government appropriations bill passed in December 2020 containing several important new drug price reporting and transparency measures that could result in additional pricing transparency, including requirements for certain Medicare plans to implement tools to display Medicare Part D prescription drug benefit information in real time and for group and health insurance issuers to report information on certain pharmacy benefit and drug costs to the Secretaries of HHS, Labor, and the Treasury. 

In addition, on November 20, 2020, CMS issued an interim final rule with comment period (IFC) to implement a Most Favored Nation (MFN) Model for certain included drugs and biological products payable under Medicare Part B. Throughout its seven-year performance period, the MFN Model would gradually reduce Medicare Part B reimbursement for included products to their respective MFN price, which generally reflects the lowest price for a pharmaceutical product sold in certain economically-

comparable member countries of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. The IFC identified our product, SOLIRIS (eculizumab injection), as one of 50 drugs and biological products included in the first performance year of the MFN Model. The MFN Model was scheduled to commence on January 1, 2021; however, litigation challenging the MFN Model has delayed its implementation, and the outcome of the litigation is unclear. It is also unclear whether the change in the U.S. presidential Administration in January 2021 will result in changes to the MFN model or other federal drug pricing measures. As discussed in “Government Regulation – U.S. Healthcare Reform and Other U.S. and International Healthcare Laws” included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the incoming Biden Administration issued a memorandum “freezing” certain regulations and guidance documents issued by the Trump Administration that had not become effective as of President Biden’s inauguration on January 20, 2021. Changes in the U.S. presidential Administration and the Congress following the 2020 elections could also potentially result in further legislative and regulatory changes, continued Congressional and Executive Branch scrutiny, and negative attention with respect to drug pricing and related matters.

State governments have also been pursuing legislative and regulatory changes to address drug prices. For example, the state of California passed legislation that requires drug manufacturers to notify the state at least 60 days of instituting price increases and Maryland passed legislation to create a drug pricing review commission that will evaluate drug cost and recommend setting an upper limit or cap for therapies deemed too expensive. We cannot predict what other reforms may ultimately be implemented at the federal or state level or the effect of any future legislation or regulation and, accordingly, face uncertainties that may result from additional reforms and their impact on our operations.

In addition, in some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. Moreover, the requirements governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. For example, in the EU, the sole legal instrument at the EU level governing the pricing and reimbursement of medicinal products is Council Directive 89/105/EEC (the Price Transparency Directive). The aim of the Price Transparency Directive is to ensure that pricing and reimbursement mechanisms established in EU Member States are transparent and objective, do not hinder the free movement and trade of medicinal products in the EU and do not hinder, prevent or distort competition on the market. The Price Transparency Directive does not, however, provide any guidance concerning the specific criteria on the basis of which pricing and reimbursement decisions are to 

26

be made in individual EU Member States. Neither does it have any direct consequence for pricing or levels of reimbursement in individual EU Member States. Pricing of prescription only medicinal products is a national prerogative. Therefore the relevant national authorities of the individual EU Member States are free to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices and/or reimbursement of medicinal products for human use. Some individual EU Member States adopt policies according to which a specific price or level of reimbursement is approved for the medicinal product. Other EU Member States adopt a system of reference pricing, basing the price or reimbursement level in their territory either, on the pricing and reimbursement levels in other countries, or on the pricing and reimbursement levels of medicinal products intended for the same therapeutic indication. Furthermore, some EU Member States impose direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market.

Health Technology Assessment (HTA) of medicinal products is becoming an increasingly common part of the pricing and reimbursement procedures in some EU Member States examples of which include France, Italy, Germany, Netherlands, Poland, Spain and Sweden. The HTA process in the EU Member States is governed by the national laws of these countries. HTA is the procedure according to which the assessment of the public health impact, therapeutic impact and the economic and societal impact of the use of a given medicinal product in the national healthcare systems of the individual country is conducted. HTA generally focuses on the clinical efficacy and effectiveness, safety, cost, and cost-effectiveness of individual medicinal products as well as their potential implications for the national healthcare system. Those elements of medicinal products are compared with other treatment options available on the market. The structure, function, remit, and approaches of these HTA bodies vary according to the different health systems and political structures they operate in. 

The outcome of HTA may influence the pricing and reimbursement status for specific medicinal products within individual EU Member States. The extent to which pricing and reimbursement decisions are influenced by the HTA of a specific medicinal product vary between the EU Member States.

In 2011, Directive 2011/24/EU was adopted at the EU level. This Directive concerns the application of patients’ rights in cross-border healthcare. The Directive is intended to establish rules for facilitating access to safe and high-quality cross-border healthcare in the EU. Pursuant to Directive 2011/24/EU, a voluntary network of national authorities or 

bodies responsible for HTA in the individual EU Member States was established. The purpose of the network is to facilitate and support the exchange of scientific information concerning HTAs. This could lead to harmonization of the criteria taken into account in the conduct of HTA between EU Member States in pricing and reimbursement decisions and negatively impact price in at least some EU Member States.

On a continuous basis, we engage with appropriate authorities in individual countries on the operational, reimbursement, price approval and funding processes that are separately required in each country.

Fraud and Abuse 

Pharmaceutical companies participating in federal healthcare programs like Medicare or Medicaid are subject to various U.S. federal and state laws pertaining to healthcare “fraud and abuse,” including without limitation, anti-kickback and false claims laws. Violations of U.S. federal and state fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal, civil and administrative sanctions, including fines, damages, civil monetary penalties and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs (including Medicare and Medicaid). Applicable U.S. statutes, include, but are not limited to, the following:

•
The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving, or paying any remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward purchasing, ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase or order of any item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid. Liability may be established without a person or entity having actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or specific intent to violate it. This statute has been interpreted to apply broadly to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and individuals such as prescribers, patients, purchasers and formulary managers on the other. In addition, PPACA amended the Social Security Act to provide that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act (which is discussed below). A conviction for violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute results in criminal fines and requires mandatory exclusion from participation in federal health care programs. Although there are a number of statutory 

27

exceptions and regulatory safe harbors to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute that protect certain common, industry practices from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and arrangements may be subject to scrutiny or penalty if they do not fully satisfy all elements of an available exception or safe harbor. On November 20, 2020, OIG issued two final regulations implementing significant modifications to regulatory safe harbors to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. The first rule finalized new safe harbors and modified existing safe harbors to promote certain value-based and coordinated care arrangements and reduce regulatory burden, which are scheduled to become effective January 19, 2021. However, the Government Accountability Office has determined that this effective date was premature in light of certain Congressional Review Act restrictions. This rule is likely subject to the regulatory “freeze” memorandum issued by the Biden Administration, as discussed in “Government Regulation – U.S. Healthcare Reform and Other U.S. and International Healthcare Laws” included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ” included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The second rule (the Rebate Rule) created new safe harbor protection, which was scheduled to become effective January 29, 2021, for certain (i) point-of-sale discounts from pharmaceutical manufacturers to Medicare Part D plans, Medicaid managed care organizations, and their contracted pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs), and (ii) fees for certain services that PBMs provide to pharmaceutical manufacturers. The Government Accountability Office found this effective date to be premature in light of Congressional Review Act requirements, and OIG subsequently delayed the effective date of these provisions to March 22, 2021, in order to further review the rule in accordance with the regulatory “freeze” memorandum issued by the Biden Administration. In addition, the Rebate Rule revised the discount safe harbor to exclude from protection price reductions (e.g., rebates) for pharmaceutical products from manufacturers to Part D plans when made directly or indirectly through a PBM. This change was originally scheduled to become effective January 1, 2022, but the Rebate Rule has been subject to litigation, and the effective date for this change was subsequently delayed to January 1, 2023 in accordance with an order from the U.S. District Court for 

the District of Columbia. The Rebate Rule is intended to create incentives for manufacturers, covered plans, and PBMs to shift from retrospective rebates to point-of-sale discounts, potentially lowering list prices of, and reducing consumers’ out-of-pocket costs for, prescription drugs. Implementation of these rules is uncertain and could trigger further regulatory action by coordinating agencies within HHS. We cannot predict the full impact of these rules and any subsequent related regulatory actions on our operations.

•
The federal civil False Claims Act (FCA) imposes civil penalties against individuals or entities for, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment to the government that are false or fraudulent, or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to such a false or fraudulent claim, or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding, decreasing, or concealing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. This statute also permits a private individual acting as a “whistleblower” to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the FCA and to share in any monetary recovery. FCA liability is potentially significant in the healthcare industry because the statute provides for treble damages and mandatory penalties of between eleven thousand six hundred sixty five dollars and twenty three thousand three hundred thirty one dollars per false claim or statement for penalties assessed after June 19, 2020, with respect to violations occurring after November 2, 2015 (and penalties of between five thousand five hundred and eleven thousand dollars per false claim with respect to violations occurring before that date). Government enforcement agencies and private whistleblowers have investigated pharmaceutical companies for or asserted liability under the FCA for a variety of alleged inappropriate promotional and marketing activities, including those involving the provision of free product or other items of value to customers, patient support programs, certain financial arrangements with healthcare providers, misstated government drug pricing information, and purported “off-label” promotion of products, among other things.

•
Under the federal criminal statute on false statements relating to health care matters, it is a crime to knowingly and willfully falsify, conceal, or cover up a material fact, make any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent 

28

statements or representations, or make or use any materially false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or entry in connection with the delivery of or payment for federally funded healthcare benefits, items, or services. 

•
Under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) criminal federal health care fraud statute, it is a crime to knowingly and willfully execute, or attempt to execute, a scheme or artifice to defraud any health care benefit program or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any health care benefit program, in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items, or services.

•
The federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law authorizes the imposition of substantial civil monetary penalties against an entity, such as a pharmaceutical manufacturer, that engages in activities including, among others (1) knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a claim for services not provided as claimed or that is otherwise false or fraudulent in any way; (2) arranging for or contracting with an individual or entity that is excluded from participation in federal healthcare programs to provide items or services reimbursable by a federal healthcare program; (3) violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute; or (4) failing to report and return a known overpayment.

•
The majority of states also have statutes similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and FCA that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state health care programs, or, in several states, regardless of the payer. 

•
The federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires “applicable manufacturers” of products, including biologics, for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the State Children’s Health Insurance Program, among other regulated parties, to track and report annually to the federal government (for disclosure to the public) certain payments and other transfers of value they make to ”covered recipients.” The term covered recipients includes physicians, teaching hospitals, and, for reports submitted on or after January 1, 2022, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, 

certified nurse anesthetists, and certified nurse-midwives. Accordingly, applicable manufacturers are required to track certain payments and other transfers of value made to these additional covered recipients during calendar year 2021. In addition, several U.S. states and localities have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports, and/or make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials, and other activities. Other state laws prohibit certain marketing-related activities including the provision of gifts, meals or other items to certain healthcare providers, and restrict the ability of manufacturers to offer co-pay support to patients for certain prescription drugs. Some states and cities require identification or licensing of state representatives. In addition, several recently passed state laws to require disclosures related to state agencies and/or commercial purchasers with respect to certain price increases that exceed a certain level as identified in the relevant statutes. Many of these laws and regulations contain ambiguous requirements that government officials have not yet clarified. Given the lack of clarity in the laws and their implementation, our reporting actions could be subject to the penalty provisions of the pertinent federal and state laws and regulations.

Sanctions under federal and state fraud and abuse laws may include significant criminal, civil, and administrative penalties, including damages, fines, imprisonment, and exclusion of a manufacturer’s products from reimbursement under government programs. Any of the foregoing would be expected to have a negative impact on our business which may be material.

Federal and state authorities are continuing to devote significant attention and resources to enforcement of fraud and abuse laws within the pharmaceutical industry, and private individuals have been active in alleging violations of the law and bringing suits on behalf of the government under the FCA. For example, federal enforcement agencies recently have investigated certain pharmaceutical companies’ speaker programs, product and patient assistance programs, including manufacturer reimbursement support services, relationships with specialty pharmacies, and grants to independent charitable foundations. There was, for example, a recent enforcement action in August 2020 against a pharmaceutical company for violations of the FCA and Anti-Kickback Statute that resulted in payments of hundreds of millions of dollars to the government and 

29

imposition of an extensive corporate integrity agreement. If we, our vendors, or donation recipients are deemed to fail to comply with relevant laws, regulations or evolving government guidance in the operation of these programs, we could be subject to damages, fines, penalties or other criminal, civil or administrative sanctions or enforcement actions. We cannot ensure that our compliance controls, policies and procedures will be sufficient to protect against acts of our employees, business partners or vendors that may violate the laws or regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate. In December 2016, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of Massachusetts relating generally to our support of 501(c)(3) organizations that provide financial assistance to Medicare patients, Alexion’s provision of free drug to Medicare patients and Alexion’s related compliance policies and training materials. In April 2019, we entered into a civil settlement agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) and OIG to resolve this matter. As part of the settlement agreement, Alexion paid $13.1 to the DOJ and OIG. Please see the discussion below in the “Risk Factors” section and Note 11, 
Commitments and Contingencies
 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional details regarding this investigation. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements continue to comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations could be costly.

Outside the U.S., other countries have implemented similar laws and regulations relating to fraud and abuse in the sale of pharmaceutical products and requirements for disclosure of financial interactions with healthcare providers and additional countries may consider or implement such laws. See Other Regulations below for additional information on such regulations outside the U.S.

U.S. Healthcare Reform and Other U.S. and International Healthcare Laws 

In the U.S., there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to healthcare systems. In the U.S., the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of healthcare reform efforts and has been significantly affected by the PPACA, which was adopted in March 2010. This law substantially changed the way healthcare is financed in the U.S. by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacts the pharmaceutical industry. PPACA contains a number of provisions that have impacted and are expected to impact our business and operations. Changes that may affect our business include those governing enrollment in federal healthcare programs, reimbursement changes, rules regarding prescription drug benefits under the health insurance exchanges, expansion of the 340B 

program, expansion of state Medicaid programs, and fraud and abuse and enforcement. 

PPACA contains several provisions that have or could potentially have an impact on our business. PPACA made significant changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. Effective March 23, 2010, rebate liability expanded from fee-for-service Medicaid utilization to include the utilization of Medicaid managed care organizations as well. With regard to the amount of the rebates owed, PPACA increased the minimum Medicaid rebate percentage from 15.1% to 23.1% of the average manufacturer price for most innovator products; changed the calculation of the rebate for certain innovator products that qualify as line extensions of existing drugs; and capped the total rebate amount for innovator drugs at 100.0% of the average manufacturer price. In early 2016, CMS issued a final regulation to implement the changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program under PPACA, which became effective on April 1, 2016. In December 2020, CMS issued another final regulation implementing further changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, including updates to align existing regulations with certain statutory amendments enacted subsequent to PPACA. Among other provisions, the rule affects price reporting related to manufacturer-sponsored patient assistance programs subject to PBM accumulator programs, certain value-based purchasing arrangements, line extensions, and authorized generics. As with other Trump Administration regulations not made effective as of President-elect Biden’s inauguration on January 20, 2021, certain aspects of this rule may potentially be subject to the regulatory “freeze” memorandum expected to be issued by the incoming Biden Administration. Ultimately, issuance of these regulations, as well as other regulations and coverage expansion by various governmental agencies relating to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, has increased and will continue to increase our costs and the complexity of compliance, has been and will continue to be time-consuming to implement, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, particularly if CMS challenges the approach we take in our implementation of certain Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requirements

Additional provisions of PPACA may negatively affect manufacturers’ revenues. For example, PPACA required pharmaceutical manufacturers of branded prescription drugs to pay a branded prescription drug fee to the federal government. Each individual pharmaceutical manufacturer pays a prorated share of the aggregate branded prescription drug fee paid by all covered entities ($2,800 in 2019 and each ensuing year), based on, among other things, its applicable branded prescription drug sales to certain federal programs identified in the law. Sales of “orphan drugs” are excluded from this fee. “Orphan 

30

drugs” are specifically defined for purposes of the fee. For each indication approved by the FDA for the drug, such indication must have been designated as orphan by the FDA under section 526 of the FDCA, an orphan drug tax credit under section 45C of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (Internal Revenue Code) must have been claimed with respect to such indication, and such tax credit must not have been disallowed by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). Finally, the FDA must not have approved the drug for any indication other than an orphan indication for which a section 45C orphan drug tax credit was claimed (and not disallowed). Due to successful FDA approval of indications other than an orphan indication and based on sales projections, we anticipate that one of our products, ULTOMIRIS, may be subject to the branded prescription drug fee beginning in 2022.

In addition, as part of PPACA’s provisions closing the coverage gap in the Medicare Part D prescription drug program (commonly known as the “donut hole”), manufacturers of branded prescription drugs and biologics are required to provide a 50.0% discount on branded prescription drugs and biologics dispensed to beneficiaries within this donut hole. This discount was recently increased to 70.0%, beginning January 1, 2019, by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018.

As noted above, PPACA also expanded the Public Health Service’s 340B drug pricing discount program by including additional types of covered entities. The 340B pricing program requires participating manufacturers to agree to charge statutorily-defined covered entities no more than the 340B “ceiling price” for the manufacturer’s covered outpatient drugs. PPACA expanded the 340B program to include additional types of covered entities as described above. PPACA exempts “orphan drugs” designated under section 526 of the FDCA, including certain of our products, from the ceiling pricing requirements for these eligible covered entities added by PPACA (except for certain children’s hospitals).

The framework of the PPACA continues to evolve as a result of executive, legislative, regulatory, and administrative developments that have challenged the law during the Trump Administration. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in 2017 eliminated the shared responsibility payment for individuals who fail to maintain minimum essential coverage under section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code, commonly referred to as the “individual mandate,” which became effective in 2019. In December 2018, a federal district court in Texas ruled the individual mandate was unconstitutional and could not be severed from the PPACA. As a result, the court ruled the remaining provisions of the PPACA were also invalid, though the court declined to issue a preliminary injunction with respect to the PPACA. In December 2019, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals 

agreed that the individual mandate was unconstitutional, but remanded the case back to the district court for further analysis of whether the mandate could be severed from PPACA. The U.S. Supreme Court granted certiorari on March 2, 2020, and conducted oral argument in November 2020. The case is expected to be decided in 2021. Further legislative changes to and regulatory changes under PPACA remain possible. We expect to continue to see legislative, regulatory, and litigation changes involving the PPACA that may impact the PPACA and, potentially, coverage and reimbursement of our products.

In addition, as described in “Government Regulation – Pharmaceutical Pricing and Reimbursement” and “Government Regulation – Fraud and Abuse” included in Part I, Item 1, the Trump Administration recently promulgated regulations that, if implemented, could potentially have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical and broader healthcare industries. However, recent changes in the U.S. presidential Administration following the 2020 elections could affect certain Trump Administration regulatory actions. This includes a memorandum issued by the Biden Administration “freezing” certain regulations and guidance documents issued by the Trump Administration that had not become effective as of President Biden’s inauguration on January 20, 2021. This memorandum, like similar memoranda issued by prior incoming Administrations, directs federal agencies to take steps to halt, delay, or conduct further review of certain regulatory actions taken by the Trump Administration, including by postponing the effective dates for rules that had not taken effect by January 20, 2021 for the purpose of reviewing any questions of fact, law, and policy raised by such rules. The Biden Administration has also undertaken other actions—and will likely continue to do so—signaling a change in policy from the prior Administration. Such activities include Executive Order 13992 revoking several Trump Administration orders that had certain deregulatory effects, and a letter to the United Nations retracting the United States’ intent to withdraw from the World Health Organization. Other actions by the Biden Administration and/or legislation passed by the new Congress could further impact the pharmaceutical and broader healthcare industries in ways that are difficult to predict but that could also materially impact our operations. We cannot predict what other healthcare reforms will ultimately be implemented at the federal or state level or the effect of any future legislation, executive action or regulation and, accordingly, face uncertainties that might result from additional reforms.

31

Privacy, Data Protection and Information Security

Numerous international, federal, and state laws, including state privacy laws (such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA), state and city security breach notification and information security laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws govern the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information. In addition, most healthcare providers who prescribe and dispense our products and research institutions with whom we collaborate for our sponsored clinical trials are subject to privacy and security requirements under HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH), and its implementing regulations. Although we are not directly subject to HIPAA other than with respect to providing certain employee benefits, we could be potentially subject to penalties and sanctions, including criminal penalties if we, our affiliates, or our agents knowingly obtain or disclose individually identifiable health information (protected health information) maintained by a HIPAA covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA. In addition, in December 2018, HHS issued cybersecurity guidance for all healthcare organizations that addresses organizations’ enterprise-level information security generally, including protected health information. Failure to comply with current and future laws and regulations could result in governmental enforcement actions (including the imposition of significant penalties), criminal and civil liability for our Company and our officers and directors, and/or adverse publicity that negatively affects our business. Further, the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and implementing laws in the EU member states govern the collection and processing of EU residents’ personal data and, among other requirements, imposes certain consent and data access rights. Such laws may impact our ability to conduct clinical trials that involve EU personal data and engage in other activities that require the processing of EU personal data. The GDPR introduced comprehensive data protection requirements in the EU and substantial fines for breaches of the data protection rules. EU regulators also have issued guidance regarding the handling and protection of EU personal data with respect to the transfer of personal data from the EU to the U.S. and other issues relevant to our operations. The GDPR and associated guidance from EU regulators increased our responsibility and liability in relation to EU personal data that we process, and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms ensuring compliance with evolving EU data protection requirements, in particular relating to international transfers of personal data.

Outside of the U.S. and the EU, there are numerous other jurisdictions that have their own privacy and information security laws, and new laws 

and regulations are being considered and/or enacted globally, which may affect our ability to collect, process, and store their residents’ personal data. For example, the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (LGPD), which went into effect in 2020, may impact our collection and use of personal information related to this jurisdiction.

Moreover, we rely on our internal and third-party provided information technology systems and applications to support our operations and to maintain and process company information including personal information, confidential business information and proprietary information. If these information technology systems are subject to cybersecurity attacks, or are otherwise compromised, due to cyberattacks, human error or malfeasance, system errors or otherwise, it may adversely impact our business, disrupt our operations, or lead to the loss, theft, destruction, corruption or compromise of company information and personal information. Such information technology or security events could also lead to legal liability, regulatory investigations or actions, loss of business, negative media coverage, and reputational damage. While we maintain an information security program with technical controls to mitigate these risks and training to educate and prepare our employees, the healthcare sector continues to see a high frequency of cyberattacks and threat actors that continue to become more sophisticated and better resourced, and our systems and the information maintained within those systems remain potentially vulnerable to data security incidents. Moreover, losses from such events may not be completely covered by insurance coverage (or may not be covered at all by any of our insurance policies depending on the circumstances). Finally, as cyber threats continue to evolve and privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations continue to develop, we may need to invest additional resources to implement new compliance measures, strengthen our information security posture, or respond to cyber threats and incidents.

Other Regulations

We are also subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the U.K. Bribery Act (U.K. Bribery Act), and other anti-corruption laws and regulations pertaining to our financial relationships and interactions with foreign government officials. The FCPA prohibits U.S. companies and their employees, officers, and representatives from paying, offering to pay, promising, or authorizing the payment of anything of value to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party, or political candidate to obtain or retain business or to otherwise seek favorable treatment. In many countries in which we operate or sell our products, the healthcare professionals with whom we interact may be deemed 

32

to be foreign government officials for purposes of the FCPA. The U.K. Bribery Act, which applies to any company incorporated or doing business in the UK, prohibits giving, offering, or promising bribes in the public and private sectors, bribing a foreign public official or private person, and failing to have adequate procedures to prevent bribery amongst employees and other agents. Penalties under the U.K. Bribery Act include potentially unlimited fines for companies and criminal sanctions for corporate officers under certain circumstances. Liability in relation to breaches of the U.K. Bribery Act is strict. This means that it is not necessary to demonstrate elements of a corrupt state of mind. However, a defense of having in place adequate procedures designed to prevent bribery is available.

Recent years have seen a substantial increase in anti-bribery law enforcement activity by U.S. regulators, with more frequent and aggressive investigations and enforcement proceedings by both the DOJ and the SEC, increased enforcement activity by non-U.S. regulators, and increases in criminal and civil proceedings brought against companies and individuals. In May 2015, we received a subpoena in connection with an investigation by the Enforcement Division of the Securities Exchange Commission requesting information related to our grant-making activities and compliance with the FCPA in various countries. In addition, in October 2015, Alexion received a request from the DOJ for the voluntary production of documents and other information pertaining to Alexion’s compliance with the FCPA. The investigations focused on operations in various countries, including Brazil, Colombia, Japan, Russia and Turkey, and Alexion's compliance with the FCPA and other applicable laws. In May 2020, DOJ informed us that it has closed its inquiry into these matters. On July 2, 2020, we reached a civil settlement with the SEC fully resolving the SEC’s investigation into possible violations of the FCPA. Alexion neither admitted nor denied any wrongdoing in connection with the settlement and paid $21.5 to the SEC, consisting of amounts attributable to disgorgement, civil penalties, and pre-judgment interest. For information concerning this investigation see Note 11, 
Commitments and Contingencies
 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Risk Factors, including "Our business and operations may be materially adversely affected by government investigations." 

The EU also imposes strict restrictions on the promotion and marketing of drug products in the EU, where a large portion of our non-U.S. business is conducted, and other territories. Increasing regulatory scrutiny of the promotional activities of pharmaceutical companies also has been observed in a number of EU Member States. Laws in the EU, 

including in the individual EU Member States, require promotional materials and advertising for drug products to comply with the product’s Summary of Product Characteristics (SmPC), which is approved by the competent authorities. Promotion of a medicinal product which does not comply with the SmPC is considered to constitute off-label promotion. The off-label promotion of medicinal products is prohibited in the EU and in other territories. The promotion of medicinal products that are not subject to a marketing authorization is also considered to constitute off-label promotion and is prohibited in the EU. Laws in the EU, including in the individual EU Member States, also prohibit the direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription-only medicinal products. Violations of the rules governing the promotion of medicinal products in the EU and in other territories could be penalized by administrative measures, fines and imprisonment.

Under the existing EU legislation and the new Clinical Trial Regulation there is an obligation to publish clinical trial results within a certain timeframe. A breach of this obligation would constitute non-compliance with EU legislation and may be met with penalties set by each Member State, including civil and criminal liability.

Japan and other countries in which we operate also have strict regulations and requirements regarding the promotion of pharmaceutical products. For example, in October 2018, the Japanese MHLW conducted an administrative inspection of Alexion’s Japanese operations. The MHLW inquiry primarily focused on our communication efforts regarding the proper use of SOLIRIS in Japan for aHUS, among other matters. We have cooperated with the inquiries and the investigation, and in March 2019, the MHLW indicated that it has completed its investigation.

Interactions between pharmaceutical companies and physicians are also governed by strict laws, regulations, industry self-regulation codes of conduct and physicians’ codes of professional conduct in the individual EU Member States. The provision of any inducements to physicians to prescribe, recommend, endorse, order, purchase, supply, use or administer a medicinal product is prohibited. A number of EU Member States have introduced additional rules requiring pharmaceutical companies to publicly disclose their interactions with physicians and to obtain approval from employers, professional organizations and/or competent authorities before entering into agreements with physicians. These rules have been supplemented by provisions of related industry codes, including the EFPIA Disclosure Code on Disclosure of Transfers of Value from Pharmaceutical Companies to Healthcare Professionals and Healthcare Organizations and related codes developed at national level in individual EU Member States. Additional countries may consider 

33

or implement similar laws and regulations. Violations of these rules could lead to reputational risk, public reprimands, and/or the imposition of fines or imprisonment.

Our present and future business has been and will continue to be subject to various other laws and regulations. Laws, regulations and recommendations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory practices, the experimental use of animals, and the purchase, storage, movement, import and export and use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances, including radioactive compounds, used in connection with our research work are or may be applicable to our activities. We cannot predict the impact of government regulation, which may result from future legislation or administrative action, on our business.

Competition 

ULTOMIRIS and SOLIRIS are currently the only approved therapies for the treatment of PNH and aHUS (although several companies are currently evaluating other complement inhibitors for the treatment of PNH and aHUS in clinical trials). SOLIRIS is currently the only approved complement inhibitor therapy for the treatment of AChR antibody-positive gMG (although several companies are currently evaluating complement inhibitors, such as C3 and C5 inhibitors, and other mechanisms of action, including Factor B and Factor D inhibitors, for the treatment of PNH, aHUS and gMG in clinical trials).

SOLIRIS is also approved as a therapy for patients with NMOSD who are AQP4 auto antibody-positive. During 2020, two therapies were approved by the FDA (and certain other regulatory authorities) as treatments for NMOSD. The first, Uplizna (inebilizumab-cdon), a Viela Bio product, is also an intravenous infusion treatment for NMOSD for adult patients who are AQP4 auto antibody-positive. UPLIZNA is a CD19-directed cytolytic antibody and was approved by the FDA in June 2020. The second, Enspryng (satralizumab-mwge), a Roche group product, is a subcutaneously delivered treatment for NMOSD for adults who are AQP4 auto antibody-positive. Enspryng is designed to target and inhibit interleukin-6 (IL-6) receptor activity and was approved by the FDA in August 2020. Both of these NMOSD indicated-therapies, which rely on mechanisms of action that are different from C5 inhibitors, are new entrants to the market and, therefore, it is difficult at this time to determine the impact of these products on the trends in market demand and competitive conditions in the NMOSD market In addition, while the label for rituximab, a monoclonal anti-CD20 antibody that is delivered by intravenous infusions, does not carry indications for NMOSD, we are aware that rituximab is commonly prescribed by physicians for the treatment of NMOSD in the U.S. and outside 

the U.S. Rituximab is currently co-marketed by Biogen and Genentech in the U.S., by Hoffmann-La Roche in Canada, the European Union (EU) and Chugai Pharmaceuticals Zenyaku Kogyo in Japan. Clinical trials have not been conducted to compare the safety and efficacy of SOLIRIS and rituximab, Uplizna or Enspryng in NMOSD. 

We are also evaluating ULTOMIRIS and SOLIRIS in clinical studies for the treatment of other indications, and we believe there are competitors for the patient segments we target with respect to these products. STRENSIQ is currently the only product approved for the treatment of HPP, KANUMA is the only product approved for the treatment of LAL-D and ANDEXXA is the only product approved as a reversal agent for patients treated with rivaroxaban or apixaban, when reversal of anticoagulation is needed due to life-threatening or uncontrolled bleeding. Many pharmaceutical and biotech companies have publicly announced intention to establish or develop rare disease programs that may be competitive with ours, including competing products to our C5 inhibitors, STRENSIQ, KANUMA and ANDEXXA. We also experience competition in drug development from universities and other research institutions, and pharmaceutical companies compete with us to attract universities and academic research institutions as drug development partners, including for licensing their proprietary technology.

Some of these entities may have:

•
greater financial and other resources;

•
larger research and development staffs;

•
lower labor costs; and/or

•
more extensive marketing and manufacturing organizations.

Many of these companies and organizations have significant experience and resources in preclinical testing, human clinical trials, product process development and manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution and other regulatory approval and commercial procedures. They may also have a greater number of significant patents and greater legal resources to seek remedies for cases of alleged infringement of their patents by us to block, delay or compromise our own drug development process.

We compete with large pharmaceutical companies that produce and market synthetic compounds and biologics and with specialized biotechnology firms in the U.S., Europe and in other countries and regions, as well as a growing number of large pharmaceutical companies that are developing biotechnology products. A number of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies are developing new products for the treatment of the same diseases being targeted by us. Other companies have initiated 

34

clinical studies for the treatment of PNH, aHUS, gMG and NMOSD (in additional to those products already approved by regulatory authorities), and we are aware of companies that have initiated or are planning to initiate studies for diseases we are also targeting (in some cases, these companies have clinical trial programs that are more advanced than our clinical trial programs for these diseases). In addition, in 2019 a SOLIRIS biosimilar was introduced in Russia (which was sold by Generium) and we experienced a significant decrease in sales of SOLIRIS following the introduction of Generium’s biosimilar. We are aware that other companies are conducting clinical trials for biosimilars of SOLIRIS and we expect to compete with biosimilars in the future.

Several biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have programs to develop complement inhibitor therapies or have publicly announced their intentions to develop drugs which target the inflammatory effects of complement in the immune system or have had programs to develop complement inhibitor therapies. 

Brexit

In June 2016, the U.K. electorate voted in a referendum to voluntarily depart from the E.U., known as Brexit. Following the formation of a majority Conservative government in December 2019, the U.K. approved the Withdrawal Agreement and left the European Union (Brexit) on January 31, 2020. The U.K. and the E.U., however, agreed to keep many things the same until December 31, 2020, to allow enough time to agree to the terms of a new trade deal, which was finalized on December 24, 2020.

The potential impact on our results of operations and liquidity resulting from Brexit still remains unclear. The actual effects of Brexit will depend upon many factors and significant uncertainty remains with respect to the implementation of the final terms of the new trade agreement. The final terms of the implementation of the trade pact may impact certain of our commercial and general business operations in the U.K. and the E.U., including the approval and supply of our products. In addition, Brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations, including with respect to pharmaceuticals and biologics (as well as tax and free trade agreements, intellectual property rights, supply chain logistics, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and employment laws), as the U.K. determines which E.U. laws to replace or replicate.

Compliance with any resulting regulatory mandates may prove challenging and the macroeconomic impact on our sales and consolidated results of operations from these developments remains unknown. We do not, however, expect Brexit to have a material impact on our consolidated results 

of operations as the U.K. does not account for a material component of our annual revenues.

We cannot predict the direction Brexit-related developments will take nor the impact of those developments on our European operations and the economies of the markets where we operate. 

Human Capital

Alexion’s employees are guided by our mission to transform the lives of people affected by rare diseases and devastating conditions by continuously innovating and creating meaningful value in all that we do. Our employees are further guided by our code of conduct and our culture values to serve patients, act with integrity, empower people, and innovate for solutions.

Employees:

As of December 31, 2020, we had 3,837 full-time, world-wide employees, of which 1,687 were engaged in research, product development, manufacturing and clinical development, 1,502 in sales and marketing, and 648 in administration, human resources, information technology and finance. Our U.S. employees are not represented by any collective bargaining unit, and we regard the relationships with all our employees as satisfactory.

Talent Acquisition and Development:

Alexion’s talent acquisition goal is to attract, retain, and develop the highest quality talent. Alexion employees provide diverse backgrounds and ideas, are trained to operate and act in their work capacity at the highest standards of ethics and integrity, and are dedicated to achieve the highest level of medical innovation and to redefine what it means to live with a rare disease or devastating condition. To support our talent acquisition, our human resources programs are designed to develop talent to prepare them for leadership positions in the future; reward employees through an industry leading benefits program, including competitive pay, incentive compensation, and an equity program; enhance our culture through efforts aimed at making the workplace more engaging and inclusive; and retain and develop talent that embody our culture values.

Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging:

Diversity, inclusion, and belonging (DI&B) is a key strategic priority for Alexion. At Alexion, we believe that diversity is fact, inclusion is an act, and belonging is a pact. Our DI&B vision does not stop with diversity and inclusion. We strive to foster a true sense of belonging, which is designed to ensure that every person feels included. During 2020, Alexion established a Chief Diversity Officer role reporting into the CEO and a DI&B function as an important next step in our continued efforts to cultivate diversity, inclusion and a unique sense of belonging. The newly 

35

established function defines and drives our DI&B strategy that is designed to accelerate Alexion’s efforts to embed diversity across the company, spanning employee programs, external partnerships, corporate social responsibility initiatives, culture efforts and patient programs.

COVID-19 Pandemic:

We are operating at a unique time, as we face a serious public safety crisis as a result of the COVID-19 virus. We remain focused on continuing to serve the patients who rely on us, as well as protecting the health and safety of our employees and the communities in which we live and work. In early March 2020, we activated a task force designed to assess, mitigate and manage the risks related to COVID-19 to avoid or minimize business disruption, including safeguarding of our facilities, and to ensure the safety and sense of security for our staff. In early March 2020, Alexion closed all sites to non-essential 

employees and the Company has suspended all travel indefinitely. In early June 2020, Alexion gradually allowed re-entry to certain sites in some geographies through a pilot program, including Switzerland, Germany, Australia, and Japan in accordance with local government laws, regulations and restrictions and our own safety procedures and checklists. In September 2020, we extended our global guidance to employees to strongly encourage working remotely until at least July 2021, while offering limited access to physical sites through pilot programs. Office sites are being reconfigured to maintain physical distancing and we expect to adopt and implement additional precautions commensurate with any expansion of employees returning to worksites. To date, our remote working arrangements have not significantly affected our ability to maintain critical business operations.

Information about our Executive Officers

The executive officers of the Company and their respective ages and positions as of February 8, 2021 are as follows:

Name

Position with Alexion

Age

Ludwig Hantson, Ph.D.

Chief Executive Officer

58

Aradhana Sarin, M.D.

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

46

Tanisha Carino, Ph.D.

Executive Vice President, Chief Corporate Affairs Officer

46

Ellen Chiniara, J.D.

Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary

62

Indrani Franchini, J.D.

Executive Vice President, Chief Compliance Officer

49

Brian Goff

Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial and Global Operations Officer

51

John Orloff, M.D.

Executive Vice President, Head of Research and Development

63

Ludwig N. Hantson, Ph.D.,
 is Chief Executive Officer of Alexion. Dr. Hantson is an accomplished healthcare executive with more than 30 years of experience in the biopharmaceutical industry.

Prior to joining Alexion in March 2017, Dr. Hantson was President and Chief Executive Officer of Baxalta and also served on the company’s Board of Directors. He led Baxalta’s successful spin-off as a public company from Baxter in July 2015 where he was President of Baxter BioScience. Dr. Hantson joined Baxter in May 2010 and established the BioScience division as one of the most innovative specialty and rare disease companies by building a robust pipeline of 25 new product candidates and launching 13 new products.

Dr. Hantson held several leadership roles during his decade-long tenure at Novartis from 2001-2010, including CEO of Pharma North America, CEO of Europe, and President of Pharma Canada. Prior to Novartis, he spent 13 years with Johnson & Johnson in roles of increasing responsibility in marketing, and research and development. Dr. Hantson serves on the Board of Directors of Hologic Inc., which is a medical technology company.

Dr. Hantson received his Ph.D. in motor rehabilitation and physical therapy, master’s degree in physical education, and a certification in high secondary education, all from the University of Louvain in Belgium.

36

Aradhana Sarin, M.D., 
is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Alexion. In this role, she is responsible for overseeing global financial management, treasury, internal audit, corporate strategy, business development, investor relations, security activities, and business operations, including corporate planning, at Alexion.

Dr. Sarin joined Alexion in November 2017 to drive strategy and business development, and she served as Alexion’s Chief Business and Strategy Officer prior to becoming the Chief Financial Officer in October 2019. She brings to Alexion more than 20 years of professional experience at global financial institutions. Dr. Sarin has extensive knowledge of global healthcare systems, and has closed more than 100 transactions across M&A, equity and debt financing transactions. Prior to joining Alexion, Dr. Sarin was Managing Director of Healthcare Corporate & Investment Banking at Citi Global Banking (which she joined in 2010), focusing on clients in the life sciences and biopharmaceutical sectors. Before this, she served as Managing Director of Healthcare Investment Banking at UBS, and worked at JP Morgan in the M&A Advisory and Healthcare groups focusing on transaction execution. Before her banking career, Dr. Sarin trained as a medical doctor in India and spent two years practicing in both India and Africa. 

Dr. Sarin completed her medical training at the University of Delhi and received her MBA from Stanford Business School.

Tanisha Carino, Ph.D.
,
 is Executive Vice President, Chief Corporate Affairs Officer of Alexion. In this role, Dr. Carino is responsible for global government relations, policy and communications.

Prior to joining Alexion, Dr. Carino served as Executive Director of FasterCures, a Center of the Milken Institute, a nonpartisan think tank whose mission is working with global government, philanthropic, and business leaders to accelerate treatments to patients. Prior to leading FasterCures, Dr. Carino was an executive at GlaxoSmithKline where she led the United States policy function, and spent over a decade with Avalere Health, a strategic advisory services organization, where she worked with senior leaders of life sciences companies to maximize opportunities and mitigate challenges related to biomedical research and patient access. Dr. Carino also worked in the U.S. Medicare program to improve access for its beneficiaries and support the development of real-world evidence.

Dr. Carino is a Fulbright Fellow, earned her Ph.D. in health policy from Johns Hopkins University, and is associate faculty at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. Dr. Carino also serves on the Governing Board of the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute (PCORI) and the Board of Directors of the National Health Council. 

Ellen Chiniara 
is Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of Alexion. In this role, she is responsible for overseeing all global legal matters for the Company.

Ms. Chiniara previously served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel of Alexion until September 2019. Prior to joining Alexion in January 2018, Ms. Chiniara was Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Alere Inc., a point-of-care diagnostics company, from October 2006 to October 2017 where she was responsible for all legal matters and, from June 2014 to October 2017 she had oversight of compliance and government affairs matters. She managed the legal aspects of the company’s numerous acquisitions and dispositions and was also the executive sponsor of Alere’s corporate social responsibility efforts.

Prior to joining Alere, Ms. Chiniara served as Associate General Counsel for Serono’s Neurology division from 2002 to 2006. Earlier in her career, Ms. Chiniara was a partner at the law firm Hale and Dorr LLP (now Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP).

Ms. Chiniara received her J.D. from Stanford University’s School of Law and her Bachelor's Degree from Bryn Mawr College. She also was a graduate fellow at Yale University in Slavic Languages
.

37

Indrani Franchini, J.D.
,
 is Executive Vice President, Chief Compliance Officer of Alexion. Ms. Franchini is responsible for leading Alexion’s global compliance program and co-leads the Global Corporate Compliance Committee.

Ms. Franchini has extensive experience developing and building the infrastructure and company-wide standards for global compliance programs. Prior to joining Alexion in June 2017, Ms. Franchini served as Chief Compliance Officer at Hess Corporation (a leading independent energy company) from June 2012 to July 2017. She previously spent nearly ten years with Pfizer overseeing all compliance elements for the development, marketing, and promotion of its global business. Earlier in her career, Ms. Franchini served as an attorney with Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy in the firm’s New York and Tokyo offices.

Ms. Franchini earned her J.D. from the University of Michigan Law School and a Bachelor of Arts from Princeton University. In addition, she spent a year as a Fulbright Fellow at the Kyushu University Graduate School in Fukuoka, Japan.

Brian Goff
 is Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial and Global Operations Officer of Alexion. Mr. Goff leads the global commercial and operations teams, which includes responsibility for country operations in each of Alexion’s affiliates in North America, EMEA, Japan, Asia Pacific, and Latin America. 

Mr. Goff is a proven global biopharmaceutical executive with a 30-year track record of consistently delivering sustainable growth through multiple business cycles. He has deep expertise in commercial operations across multiple therapeutic areas, as well as broad expertise managing global cross-functional teams, including R&D, Medical Affairs, Manufacturing and Quality with a number of industry-leading biopharmaceutical companies.

Prior to joining Alexion in June 2017, Mr. Goff was Chief Operating Officer and a Member of the Board of Directors of Neurovance Inc. from December 2016 until its acquisition by Otsuka Pharmaceuticals in March 2017. Prior to joining Neurovance, Mr. Goff served as Baxalta’s Executive Vice President & President — Hematology Division from January 2015 to July 2016. He previously served with Baxter Healthcare Corporation as Global Hemophilia Franchise Head from June 2012 to December 2014. Earlier in his career, Mr. Goff held positions of increasing responsibility in sales and marketing roles with Novartis Pharmaceuticals, and the pharmaceutical division of Johnson & Johnson.

Mr. Goff has an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor of Arts from Skidmore College.

John Orloff, M.D.
,
 is Executive Vice President, Head of Research & Development of Alexion. Dr. Orloff is focused on strengthening Alexion’s clinical pipeline and research programs, enhancing research and development productivity, overseeing regulatory and medical affairs, and supporting business development. 

Dr. Orloff has 20 years of experience in the biopharmaceutical industry and deep expertise spanning various stages of clinical and non-clinical development, including developing medicines for rare diseases.

Prior to joining Alexion in June 2017, Dr. Orloff served as Executive Vice President, Head of Research & Development at Novelion from November 2016 to May 2017, where he currently sits on the Board of Directors. From July 2015 to July 2016, he served with Baxalta as Global Head of R&D and Chief Scientific Officer, where he advanced the company’s pipeline and oversaw regulatory approval of 10 unique products and two devices. He also held executive R&D roles with Baxter International from July 2014 to June 2015, Merck Serono from January 2014 to May 2014, Novartis from April 2003 to October 2013 and Merck Research Laboratories. Prior to joining the biopharmaceutical industry in 1997, Dr. Orloff was with the Yale School of Medicine for seven years.

Dr. Orloff received a Bachelor of Arts from Dartmouth College, and a M.D. from the University of Vermont College of Medicine. He completed his medical training at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center and Yale University School of Medicine.

Available Information

Our internet website address is http://www.alexion.com. Through our website, we make available, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, any amendments to those reports, proxy and registration statements, and all of our insider Section 16 reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. These SEC reports can be accessed through the “Investors” section of our website. The information found on our website (or that may 

38

be accessed through links on our website) is not part of this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. Paper copies of our SEC reports are available free of charge upon request in writing to Investor Relations, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 121 Seaport Boulevard, Boston Massachusetts 02210. In addition, any document we file may be viewed at the SEC’s internet address at 
http://www.sec.gov
. (This website address is not intended to function as a hyperlink, and the information contained in the SEC’s website is not intended to be a part of this filing).

The company intends to use its website http://www.alexion.com as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under SEC Regulation FD. Such disclosures will be included on the company’s website under the heading “Investors”. Accordingly, investors should monitor such portions of the company’s website, in addition to following the company’s press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. 

39

.

(amounts in millions, except percentages)

You should carefully consider the following risk factors before you decide to invest in Alexion securities and our business, because the risks described below may have a material impact on our business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

Risk Factors Summary:

The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results.

Risks Related to our Proposed Acquisition by AstraZeneca

•
Our proposed acquisition by AstraZeneca is subject to various closing conditions and there can be no assurances as to whether and when it may be completed.

•
Failure to complete the merger could negatively impact our stock price and future business and financial results.

•
If the merger agreement is terminated, we may be obligated to pay a termination fee to AstraZeneca. 

•
Because the exchange ratio is fixed and the market price of shares of AstraZeneca stock fluctuates our stockholders cannot be sure of the value of the merger consideration they will receive in the merger.

•
While the merger is pending, we are subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions that could materially adversely affect our operating results or result in a loss of employees, customers, collaborators or suppliers.

•
Lawsuits may be filed against us and/or AstraZeneca challenging the merger. An adverse ruling in any such lawsuit may delay or prevent the proposed acquisition from being completed.

•
We may have difficulty attracting, motivating and retaining executives and other key employees in light of the merger.

Risks Related to Revenue Concentration and Conversion

•
If we are unable to continue to increase revenues from sales of our C5 complement inhibitors, our business would be materially harmed.

•
If we are unable to achieve our conversion objectives of patients from SOLIRIS to ULTOMIRIS, our business may be harmed. In addition, even if we are successful, due to the pricing of ULTOMIRIS, our revenues may decrease unless we are able to increase the number of patients using our C5 inhibitors.

Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic

•
Our business may be adversely affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.

Risks Related to Pricing and Reimbursement

•
Sales of our products depend on reimbursement by payers and these payers are subject to pressures to contain costs.

Risks Related to Intellectual Property 

•
If we cannot obtain new patents, maintain our existing patents and protect our trade secrets and other intellectual property, our business and competitive position may be harmed.

•
If we are found to be infringing third party patents, we may be forced to pay damages and/or obtain a license. If we cannot obtain a license, we may be prevented from the manufacture, sale or development of our products or product candidates.

•
It is possible that we could lose market exclusivity for a product earlier than expected.

Risks Related to Our Products and Product Candidates

•
Our future commercial success depends on gaining regulatory approval for new products and obtaining approvals for existing products for new indications.

•
Our products and product candidates target diseases with small patient populations and we may not be effective at identifying patients.

•
We may not be able to gain or maintain market acceptance of our products among the medical community, patients or payers.

•
If our products harm patients, or are perceived to harm patients, our regulatory approvals could be revoked or otherwise negatively impacted and we could be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims.

40

•
We anticipate that we will face increased competition from companies that will enter into the markets we currently serve and as we enter new markets. 

Risks Related to Business Operations

•
We rely on a limited number of facilities to produce our products and manufacturing issues at these facilities could cause product shortages, interrupt commercialization of our products, disrupt or delay our clinical trials or regulatory approvals, and adversely affect our business.

•
We rely on a limited number of providers for our raw materials and supply chain services.

•
Counterfeit versions of our products could result in significant harm to patients, reduced sales of our products and harm to our reputation.

•
If we are unable to establish and maintain effective sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, we may be unable to successfully commercialize our products.

•
Our efforts to expand our business and product offerings through acquisitions may not be successful.

•
The acquired business of Portola may underperform relative to our expectations, and we may not be able to integrate the business and achieve anticipated synergies.

•
In order to support potential growth of the business, we will be required to make significant investments in our business operations.

•
Completion of preclinical studies or clinical trials does not guarantee advancement of development, regulatory approval or successful commercialization.

•
Our clinical studies may be costly and lengthy, and there are many reasons why drug testing could be delayed or terminated.

•
We expect our operating results to fluctuate.

•
We cannot guarantee that we will achieve our financial goals, including our ability to maintain profitability in the future.

•
If we fail to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully develop, manufacture or commercialize our products or products candidates.

•
We may not achieve the expected benefits of our current and future restructuring plans and restructurings may adversely affect our business.

•
If we fail to satisfy our debt service obligations or our contingent obligations, we may be unable to commercialize our products or continue or complete our product development.

•
We may not be able to access the capital and credit markets on terms that are favorable to us or at all

•
We have incurred significant impairment charges, and may continue to incur such charges in the future and such amounts may be material.

•
The efficiency of our corporate structure depends on the application of the tax laws and regulations in the countries where we operate and we may have exposure to additional tax liabilities or our effective tax rate could increase, which could have a material impact on our financial results and position.

•
Our sales and operations are subject to risks relating to our international business.

•
Our business involves environmental risks and potential exposure to environmental liabilities.

•
Currency fluctuations and changes in exchange rates could adversely affect our revenue, increase our costs and negatively affect our profitability.

Risks Related to the Regulatory Environment

•
We operate in a highly regulated industry and if we or our third-party providers fail to comply with U.S. and foreign regulations, we could lose our approvals to market our products.

•
Our product candidates require extensive clinical testing and failure to satisfy regulatory requirements may prevent us from being able to market our products and limit our ability to grow our business and diversify our revenue.

•
If we fail to comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations we may be subject to investigations and civil or criminal penalties and our business could be adversely affected.

•
Our business could be adversely affected by litigation, regulatory enforcement actions and government investigations.

•
Changes in healthcare laws and regulations, as well as changes in healthcare policy, may affect coverage and reimbursement of our products and these changes could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

•
If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under governmental 

41

pricing programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties, sanctions and fines.

•
The Public Health Service’s 340B drug pricing program, and other comparable government and payer regulations, may have a negative impact on the price we can charge for our products and result in a decrease in revenues.

•
We may be subject to numerous and varying privacy and security laws, and our failure to comply could result in penalties and reputational damage.

•
Security breaches, cyber-attacks or other disruptions could expose us to liability and affect our business and reputation.

•
Negative public opinion of recombinant and transgenic products, genetically modified products and animals may damage public perception of our KANUMA product.

Risks Related to Our Common Stock

•
Our stock price is volatile.

•
Anti-takeover provisions in our charter and bylaws and under Delaware law could make a third-party acquisition of us difficult and may frustrate any attempt to remove our current management.

•
The exclusive forum provision in our bylaws could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain an alternate judicial forum for disputes with us.

Risk Factors:

Risks Related to our Proposed Acquisition by AstraZeneca

Our proposed acquisition by AstraZeneca is subject to various closing conditions, including regulatory and stockholder approvals as well as other uncertainties, and there can be no assurances as to whether and when it may be completed.

On December 12, 2020, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (Merger Agreement), with AstraZeneca, Delta Omega Sub Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of AstraZeneca (Bidco), Delta Omega Sub Holdings Inc. 1, a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Bidco (Merger Sub I) and Delta Omega Sub Holdings LLC 2, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Bidco (Merger Sub II). Under the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub I will merge with and into Alexion (the First Merger) with Alexion surviving the First Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bidco and, immediately 

following the effective time of the First Merger (the Effective Time), Alexion will merge with and into Merger Sub II (the Second Merger and, together with the First Merger, the “Mergers”), with Merger Sub II surviving the Second Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Bidco and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of AstraZeneca. Upon completion of the Mergers, each outstanding share of Alexion common stock, other than certain excluded shares (as described forth in the Merger Agreement) and shares held by stockholders who properly exercise their appraisal rights under Delaware law, will automatically be canceled and converted into the right to receive (1) 2.1243 American depositary shares of AstraZeneca (or, at the election of the holder thereof, a number of ordinary shares of AstraZeneca equal to the number of underlying ordinary shares represented by such American depositary shares) and (2) $60.00 in cash, without interest (the Merger Consideration). 

Completion of the Mergers is subject to customary closing conditions, and it is possible that such conditions may prevent, delay or otherwise materially adversely affect the completion of the Mergers. These conditions include, among other things: (1) the adoption of the Merger Agreement by Alexion’s stockholders (2) approval of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement by AstraZeneca’s shareholders; (3) the absence of any law or order prohibiting the consummation of the Mergers; (4) AstraZeneca’s registration statement on Form F-4 having been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission; (5) AstraZeneca’s shareholder circular (or, if required, prospectus) having been approved by the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority; (6) the American depository shares of AstraZeneca issuable in the Mergers (and the ordinary shares of AstraZeneca represented thereby) having been approved for listing on the Nasdaq; (7) the expiration or early termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (“HSR Act”), as amended, and the approval of the Mergers under the antitrust and foreign investment laws of other specified jurisdictions; (8) accuracy of the other party’s representations and warranties, subject to certain materiality standards set forth in the Merger Agreement and (9) compliance by the other party in all material respects with such other party’s obligations under the Merger Agreement.

The governmental authorities from which authorizations under antitrust and foreign investment laws, including the HSR Act, are required have broad discretion in administering the governing laws and regulations, and may take into account various facts and circumstances in their consideration of the Mergers, including other potential transactions in the pharmaceutical industry or other industries. These governmental authorities may initiate proceedings 

42

seeking to prevent, or otherwise seek to prevent, the Mergers. As a condition to authorization of the Mergers or related transactions, these governmental authorities also may impose requirements, limitations or costs, require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of AstraZeneca’s business after completion of the Mergers. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the parties have agreed to use their respective reasonable best efforts to complete the Mergers as promptly as reasonably practicable, including in obtaining each third party consent or regulatory approval necessary, proper or advisable to complete the Mergers, and AstraZeneca has agreed to (1) propose, negotiate, commit to, or effect any divestiture, (2) terminate, unwind, divest or assign, subcontract or otherwise secure substitute parties for relationships, ventures, and contractual or commercial rights or obligations, and (3) take any such other remedial action, in each case to permit the closing of the Mergers to occur as promptly as reasonably practicable.

We can provide no assurance that all required consents and approvals will be obtained or that all closing conditions will otherwise be satisfied (or waived, if applicable), and, if all required consents and approvals are obtained and all closing conditions are satisfied (or waived, if applicable), we can provide no assurance as to the terms, conditions and timing of such consents and approvals or the timing of the completion of the Mergers. Many of the conditions to completion of the Mergers are not within either our or AstraZeneca’s control, and neither company can predict when or if these conditions will be satisfied (or waived, if applicable). Any delay in completing the Mergers could cause us not to realize some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve if the Mergers are successfully completed within its expected timeframe.

Failure to complete the Mergers could negatively impact our stock price and future business and financial results.

If the Mergers are not completed for any reason, including as a result of our stockholders failing to adopt the Merger Agreement or AstraZeneca shareholders failing to approve the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, we will remain an independent public company. Our ongoing business may be materially and adversely affected and we would be subject to a number of risks, including the following:

•
we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on trading prices of our common stock, and from our customers, collaborators, suppliers, regulators and employees;

•
we may be required to pay AstraZeneca a termination fee of $1,180.0 if the Merger 

Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, including in the event Alexion’s board of directors changes its recommendation in favor of the Mergers or if Alexion terminates the Merger Agreement in order to enter into an agreement providing for a superior proposal, and $270.0 if the Merger Agreement is terminated because the Mergers are not adopted by Alexion stockholders;

•
the Merger Agreement places certain restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to completion of the Mergers, and such restrictions, the waiver of which is subject to the consent of AstraZeneca, may prevent us from making certain acquisitions, entering into or amending certain contracts, taking certain other specified actions or otherwise pursuing business opportunities during the pendency of the Mergers that we would have made, taken or pursued if these restrictions were not in place; and

•
matters relating to the Mergers (including integration planning) will require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management and the expenditure of significant funds in the form of fees and expenses, which would otherwise have been devoted to day-to-day operations and other opportunities that may have been beneficial to us as an independent company.

In addition, we could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the Mergers or related to any proceeding to specifically enforce our performance obligations under the Merger Agreement.

If any of these risks materialize, they may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, financial results and stock prices.

If the Merger Agreement is terminated, we may, under certain circumstances, be obligated to pay a termination fee to AstraZeneca. 

If the Merger Agreement is terminated, in certain circumstances, including in the event Alexion’s board of directors changes its recommendation in favor of the Mergers or if Alexion terminates the Merger Agreement in order to enter into an agreement providing for a superior proposal, we would be required to pay a termination fee of $1,180.0 to AstraZeneca. In addition, we would be required to pay a termination fee of $270.0 if the Merger Agreement is terminated because the Mergers are not adopted by Alexion stockholders. If the Merger Agreement is terminated under such circumstances, the termination fee we may be required to pay under the Merger Agreement may require us to use available cash that would have otherwise been available for general 

43

corporate purposes and other uses. For these and other reasons, termination of the Merger Agreement could materially adversely affect our business operations and financial results, which in turn would materially and adversely affect the price of our common stock.

Because the exchange ratio is fixed and the market price of shares of AstraZeneca stock has fluctuated and will continue to fluctuate, our stockholders cannot be sure of the value of the Merger Consideration they will receive in the Mergers.

Upon completion of the Mergers, each share of our common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will be converted into the right to receive $60.00 in cash without interest thereon and 2.1243 American depositary shares of AstraZeneca (or, at the election of the holder thereof, a number of ordinary shares of AstraZeneca equal to the number of underlying ordinary shares represented by such American depositary shares). Because the exchange ratio of 2.1243 American depositary shares of AstraZeneca is fixed, the value of the share consideration will depend on the market price of shares of American depository shares of AstraZeneca at the time the Mergers are completed. The market price of American depositary shares of AstraZeneca has fluctuated since the date of the announcement of the Mergers and will continue to fluctuate from the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K until the date the Mergers are completed, which could occur a considerable amount of time after the date hereof. AstraZeneca’s American depository share price changes may result from a variety of factors, including, among others, general market and economic conditions, changes in AstraZeneca’s and Alexion’s respective businesses, operations and prospects, risks inherent in their respective businesses, changes in market assessments of the likelihood that the Mergers will be completed and/or the value that may be generated by the Mergers, and changes with respect to expectations regarding the timing of the Mergers and regulatory considerations. Many of these factors are beyond our control.

While the Mergers are pending, we are subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions that could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial position and/or cash flows or result in a loss of employees, customers, collaborators or suppliers.

The Merger Agreement includes restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to the earlier of the completion of the Mergers or termination of the Merger Agreement, generally requiring us to use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct our business in all material respects in the ordinary course. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we are subject to a variety of specified restrictions. Unless we obtain AstraZeneca’s prior 

written consent (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and except (i) as required or expressly contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (ii) as prohibited or required by applicable law or (iii) as set forth in the confidential disclosure schedule delivered by Alexion to AstraZeneca, we may not, among other things and subject to certain exceptions and aggregate limitations, incur additional indebtedness, issue additional shares of our common stock outside of our equity incentive plans, repurchase our common stock, pay dividends, acquire assets, securities or property, dispose of businesses or assets, enter into material contracts or make certain additional capital expenditures. We may find that these and other contractual restrictions in the Merger Agreement delay or prevent us from responding, or limit our ability to respond, effectively to competitive pressures, industry developments and future business opportunities that may arise during such period, even if our management believes they may be advisable. The pendency of the Mergers may also divert management’s attention and our resources from ongoing business and operations.

Our employees, customers, collaborators and suppliers may experience uncertainties about the effects of the Mergers. It is possible that some customers, collaborators, suppliers and other parties with whom we have a business relationship may delay or defer certain business decisions or might decide to seek to terminate, change or renegotiate their relationship with us as a result of the Mergers. Similarly, current and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with us following completion of the Mergers, which may materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain key employees. If any of these effects were to occur, it could materially and adversely impact our operating results, financial position and/or cash flows and/or our stock price.

Lawsuits may be filed against us and/or AstraZeneca challenging the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. An adverse ruling in any such lawsuit may delay or prevent the proposed acquisition from being completed.

Lawsuits arising out of or relating to the Merger Agreement, AstraZeneca’s registration statement on Form F-4 (which will include a document that serves as a prospectus of AstraZeneca and a proxy statement of Alexion) and/or the proposed acquisition of us by AstraZeneca may be filed in the future. One of the conditions to completion of the Mergers is the absence of any injunction or other order being in effect that prohibits completion of the Mergers. Accordingly, if a plaintiff is successful in obtaining an injunction, then such order may prevent the proposed acquisition from being completed, or from being completed within the expected timeframe.

44

We may have difficulty attracting, motivating and retaining executives and other key employees in light of the Mergers.

Uncertainty about the effect of the Mergers on our employees may have an adverse effect on our business. This uncertainty may impair our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel. Employee retention may be particularly challenging during the pendency of the Mergers, as our employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles in the combined business. No assurance can be given that we will be able to attract or retain key employees to the same extent that we have been able to attract or retain employees in the past.

Risks Related to Revenue Concentration and Conversion

We depend on revenue from sales of our C5 complement inhibitors and, if we are unable to continue to increase revenues from sales of our C5 complement inhibitors, our business would be materially harmed and our future operating results may be adversely impacted.

Since 2007, our revenue has depended primarily on the sales of SOLIRIS, a C5 complement inhibitor with a 2-week dosing schedule. In December 2018, we obtained our first regulatory approval in the U.S. to sell ULTOMIRIS, a long-acting C5 complement inhibitor, with an 8-week dosing schedule (and in 2020 we obtained approval in the U.S. and Europe for a 100mg/mL formulation of ULTOMIRIS). Our C5 complement inhibitors accounted for 84.7% of our total revenues for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. Unless we are able to develop or acquire and commercialize new products beyond these C5 complement inhibitors, and/or materially increase sales of STRENSIQ, KANUMA and ANDEXXA® (our other approved products), we will remain dependent on sales of SOLIRIS and ULTOMIRIS as a source of our revenue. We expect our revenues for 2021 will continue to depend on our ability to sell our C5 complement inhibitors.

The commercial success of our C5 complement inhibitors and our ability to generate revenue depends on several factors, including: the safety and efficacy of our C5 complement inhibitors; coverage or reimbursement by government or third-party payers for our C5 complement inhibitors; pricing for our complement inhibitors; the analysis by doctors, payers and patients of the cost of our C5 complement inhibitors relative to the perceived benefits; manufacturing and uninterrupted supply; the introduction and success of competing products (including novel products and biosimilars to SOLIRIS); the size of patient populations and the number of patients diagnosed who may be treated with our C5 complement inhibitors; the impact of legal, administrative, regulatory or legislative developments 

that impact the price or use of C5 complement inhibitors; and our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize our C5 complement inhibitors for new indications. Any of these or other factors may cause revenues from sales of our C5 complement inhibitors to decrease, which would harm our business results.

While SOLIRIS and ULTOMIRIS are studied for indications beyond those currently approved by regulatory authorities and ULTOMIRIS is being studied for subcutaneous administration, there is no guarantee that we can obtain regulatory approval or achieve any commercial sales of SOLIRIS or ULTOMIRIS for such other indications or for subcutaneous administration of ULTOMIRIS. Nor can we guarantee that, even if regulatory approval is obtained for such additional indications and routes of administration, physicians and patients will accept SOLIRIS or ULTOMIRIS as a treatment for such indications or means of administration, or that payers will pay for or reimburse the costs of these therapies.

If we are not able to maintain revenues from sales of SOLIRIS and ULTOMIRIS, or such revenues decrease, our operating results would be negatively impacted and our ability to fund research and development, commercialize or acquire new products would be harmed, which would limit our ability to diversify our revenue base and our stock price could be adversely affected. In addition, as a result of having our revenue concentrated in SOLIRIS and ULTOMIRIS, our future revenues and results of operations can be significantly harmed by, among other factors, the introduction of one or more biosimilar products or other competitive products that treat the same indications, adverse developments in the commercialization and sale of our C5 inhibitors or a change in reimbursement policies by payers for the C5 complement inhibitors. For example, a biosimilar has been introduced in Russia and a CD19-directed cytolytic antibody treatment and an IL-6R antibody, were both recently approved for NMOSD patients in the U.S. and certain other jurisdictions.

We aim to facilitate the conversion of patients from SOLIRIS to ULTOMIRIS. If we are unable to achieve our conversion objectives, our business may be harmed. In addition, even if we are successful, due to the pricing of ULTOMIRIS, our revenues may decrease unless we are able to increase the number of patients using our C5 inhibitors.

ULTOMIRIS has been approved for patients with PNH and aHUS in certain jurisdictions, including in the U.S., Europe and Japan.

One of our principal business objectives is to facilitate the conversion of PNH and aHUS patients from SOLIRIS to ULTOMIRIS. While clinical trials in PNH patients demonstrated that ULTOMIRIS is non-inferior to SOLIRIS at an 8 week dosing interval 

45

(compared to a 2 week dosing interval for SOLIRIS), existing patients taking SOLIRIS for PNH or aHUS and their physicians may decline to switch to ULTOMIRIS. If we are unable to facilitate conversion to ULTOMIRIS prior to the loss of intellectual property or regulatory exclusivities for SOLIRIS, our future revenues could be adversely impacted if we were to face biosimilar competition for SOLIRIS. If ULTOMIRIS is approved as an indication for NMOSD and gMG, we will commence efforts to facilitate conversion of those SOLIRIS patients to ULTOMIRIS upon approval.

We have established what we believe is a globally sustainable and durable pricing strategy for ULTOMIRIS that is intended to facilitate such patient conversions (for example, in the U.S. the cost of current labeled maintenance therapy for ULTOMIRIS for adult PNH patients of average weight, represents on an annual basis an approximate 10% decrease relative to the cost of SOLIRIS). However, in the first year of PNH conversion to ULTOMIRIS, due to the loading doses required, there is an approximate 10% premium to the cost of SOLIRIS. We have also priced ULTOMIRIS for patients with aHUS in the U.S. at a cost relative to the cost of SOLIRIS for patients with aHUS in the U.S. that is approximately 30% less on an annual basis for an average adult patient on maintenance therapy (unlike PNH, the cost in the first year of aHUS conversion to ULTOMIRIS is approximately 20% less than the cost of SOLIRIS). If we achieve our goal of facilitating the conversion of patients from SOLIRIS (which accounted for approximately 
$4,064.2, or 67.0%, of
 our revenues in 2020) to ULTOMIRIS, due to the reduction in annual cost we anticipate that U.S. revenue attributable to each patient that converts from SOLIRIS to ULTOMIRIS will decrease on an annual basis. In addition, as a result of the decreased cost for ULTOMIRIS relative to SOLIRIS on a per patient basis, in order to maintain or increase C5 complement inhibitor revenues in the future as we succeed in converting patients from SOLIRIS to ULTOMIRIS, we must increase the total number of patients utilizing SOLIRIS, including gMG and NMOSD patients, and ULTOMIRIS.

Finally, as a result of patient conversion from SOLIRIS to ULTOMIRIS, we expect variability in our revenues in future quarters due to the extended ULTOMIRIS dosing interval and infusion timing which may result in either one or two infusions in a quarter. 

Due to the decision to price ULTOMIRIS lower than SOLIRIS on an annual basis, we anticipate U.S. revenues will be unfavorably impacted by the lower annual cost per patient in maintenance years, with the impact more pronounced for aHUS due to the greater decrease in vials for aHUS ULTOMIRIS patients.

Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic

Our business may be adversely affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 

Our business could be adversely affected by health epidemics in regions where we have operations, sales or other business activities, including regions where we have offices, manufacturing facilities, clinical trial sites and where our third party manufacturers, vendors and suppliers operate and where patients and potential patients are located. The outbreak of a novel strain of virus, which causes the disease called COVID-19, has evolved into a global pandemic. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations and financial results is highly uncertain and will depend on future developments, which cannot be accurately predicted, including the duration of the pandemic, the ultimate geographic spread of the disease, future spikes in cases, additional or modified government actions, new information that will emerge concerning the severity and impact of the coronavirus and the actions taken to address its impact, among others. 

In May 2020, we initiated a global Phase III study to investigate ULTOMIRIS in a subset of adults with COVID-19, who are hospitalized with severe COVID-19 requiring mechanical ventilation. In January 2021, we paused further enrollment in this study based on the recommendation of an independent data monitoring committee (IDMC), following review of data from a pre-specified interim analysis. The IDMC recommended that additional enrollment be paused, pending further analysis of the data, due to lack of efficacy when ULTOMIRIS was added to best supportive care, compared to best supportive care alone. At this time, we cannot guarantee that the further analysis of study data would cause us to commence additional enrollment in the trial.

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we expect that we may experience disruptions that could severely impact our business and results of operations, including: 

•
Government and healthcare policies and federal, state, local or foreign regulations to address the COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect our sales and revenue. Due to quarantines, travel restrictions, hospital policies and patient concerns regarding exposure to COVID-19, we have observed fewer patient/doctor interactions, we have also noted that the new patient productivity and initiation queue has decreased since the COVID-19 outbreak (particularly in our neurological indications) and our representatives are having fewer in-person visits with health care providers, including for infusion of our products which has adversely impacted our revenue growth in the current 

46

year and may continue to affect our revenue growth in the future. A decrease in the demand of our products could cause our cost of goods sold to increase due to expiration of inventory on hand, an increase in manufacturing overhead allocated to inventory sold and other factors. Our net product sales could also be adversely impacted by the negative effects the COVID-19 pandemic has had on the global economy, which could result in (i) an increased number of patients utilizing our patient access programs to receive free drug due to loss of employer-based health insurance, or other factors impacting their ability to afford our medicines; and (ii) patients increasingly seeking Medicaid coverage for our products, which would lead to higher gross-to-net revenue reductions compared to commercial insurance providers. We are monitoring the impacts on our business of the growth in unemployment and loss of commercial insurance coverage and/or growth in Medicaid with higher discounts.

•
Due to financial demands in addressing the COVID-19 pandemic, payors have requested and may continue to request extended credit terms, may extend payment dates beyond those experienced in the past, or may not be able to timely reimburse us for our products or at all, and such actions could have a material adverse impact on our cashflow from operations. Additionally, federal and state governments and foreign jurisdictions where we operate could increase tax rates to offset the economic impact and cost of addressing the COVID-19 pandemic. Any increase in such tax rates could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

•
We believe that the COVID-19 pandemic has had, and will likely continue to have, an impact on various aspects of our clinical programs and trials. For example, our Phase I trial for ALXN1720 are currently paused (for the second time) due to COVID-19. Patient dosing and study monitoring in other trials may be paused, delayed or temporarily halted (and clinical trial re-start schedules may be delayed beyond the dates we anticipated) due to changes in policies at various clinical sites and federal, state, local or foreign laws, rules and regulations, including quarantines or other travel restrictions, prioritization of healthcare resources toward pandemic efforts, including diminished attention of physicians serving as our clinical trial investigators and reduced availability of site staff supporting the conduct of our clinical trials, or other reasons related to the 

COVID-19 pandemic. If the COVID-19 pandemic continues for an extended period of time, other aspects of our clinical trials may be adversely affected, delayed or interrupted, including, for example, site initiation, patient recruitment and enrollment, availability of clinical trial materials, and data analysis. Some patients and clinical investigators may not be able to comply with clinical trial protocols and patients may choose to withdraw from our studies, or we may choose to or be required to pause enrollment and/or patient dosing in our ongoing clinical trials in order to preserve health resources and protect trial participants. Any such disruption could negatively impact the results generated in the trial, the development of our pipeline programs and the timing and probability of paying milestones associated with prior acquisitions and active license agreements (which may lead to litigation over milestone payments).

•
We currently utilize third parties to, among other things, manufacture our products and product candidates, supply raw materials and consumables, perform quality testing and provide supply chain services. We also manufacture certain of our products and product candidates and perform various services at our manufacturing facilities. If any of these processes or services are adversely impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak, our ability to manufacture and supply our products to patients or manufacture product candidates for our clinical trials and conduct our research and development operations may be materially affected.
 For example, if the U.S. government invokes the Defense Production Act, including as part of Operation Warp Speed, to redirect capacity at our third-party suppliers toward COVID-19 vaccine production or other pandemic relief efforts, it could delay manufacturing services by our suppliers and delay manufacture of our products and product candidates, negatively impact our ability to conduct clinical trials and maintain inventories of our products, any of which could have a material negative impact on our business and results of operations. 

•
The potential economic and financial impacts of the pandemic, including a deterioration in economic conditions that may negatively impact revenue and our liquidity, increase expenses and result in market capitalization declines, and disruption to our business, may result in the impairment of our long-lived and other assets, including goodwill, intangible assets and equity investments without readily 

47

determinable fair values. The impairment of significant assets could have a material impact on our deferred tax assets and liabilities. In addition, any impairment charge would have a negative impact on our financial results in the quarter that the charge is taken, and such charge may be material in amount. 

•
In accordance with business continuity plans and for the safety of our employees, we have directed most of our personnel to work remotely and we have generally restricted on-site staff to only those personnel and contractors who perform essential activities that must be completed on-site. Our increased reliance on personnel working from home may negatively impact productivity, or disrupt, delay, or otherwise adversely impact our business. In addition, this could increase our cyber-security risk, create data accessibility concerns, and make us more susceptible to communication disruptions, any of which could adversely impact our business operations. 

•
While our essential R&D employees have been able to access our laboratory space, if employees and contractors conducting such activities were exposed to or contracted COVID-19, we may be required to restrict access to our laboratory space for an extended period of time as a result. Governmental authorities may also impose restrictions limiting access to our lab space. As a result, this could delay timely completion of preclinical and other R&D activities.

•
Health regulatory agencies globally may experience disruptions in their operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The FDA and other foreign regulatory agencies may have slower response times or be under-resourced to continue to authorize and monitor our clinical trials or review regulatory submissions (or authorize the use of facilities for manufacturing and related services) and, as a result, review, inspection, and other timelines may be materially delayed.

•
In addition, a recession or other sustained adverse market event resulting from the spread of COVID-19 could materially and adversely affect our business, the value of our common shares and the availability of credit to operate our business and execute business development transactions. As a result, we may face difficulties raising capital (if needed) through sales of our common shares, accessing credit to support our business development activities or other capital initiatives or such sales of common 

stock or credit may only be available on unfavorable terms.

•
The trading prices for our common shares and other biopharmaceutical companies have been highly volatile as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and we expect this volatility may continue.

COVID-19, and the volatile regional and global economic conditions stemming from the pandemic, could also precipitate or aggravate the other risk factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and stock price.

Risks Related to Pricing and Reimbursement

Sales of our products depend on reimbursement by payers and these payers are subject to pressures to contain costs. 

Our commercial success depends on setting a price for our products that will enable us to obtain reimbursement at anticipated levels. Our products are significantly more expensive than traditional drug treatments and almost all patients require governmental payers and/or private third-party payers to pay all or a portion of the cost of our products. There is a significant trend in the health care industry by public and private payers to contain or reduce their costs, including by taking the following steps, among others: decreasing the portion of costs payers will cover, ceasing to provide adequate payment for certain products or not covering certain products at all. If payers implement any of the foregoing with respect to our products, it would have an adverse impact on our revenue and results of operations. We have, for example, recently experienced non-governmental payers removing our products from their formulary and, therefore, it was not available to certain beneficiaries.

Our ability to set the price for our products varies significantly from country to country, including in those countries where pricing, coverage, reimbursement or funding of prescription drugs are subject to governmental control. We may be unable to timely or successfully negotiate coverage, pricing and reimbursement on terms that are favorable to us (or at all), or such coverage, pricing and reimbursement may differ in separate regions in the same country. In some countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed, which could delay market entry (or, if pricing is not approved, we may be unable to sell at all in a country where we have received regulatory approval for a product). In addition, authorities in some countries impose additional obligations, such as health technology assessments (HTAs), which assess, among other things, how well a prescription drug works in relation 

48

to its cost. Additionally, U.S. payers are increasingly considering new metrics, including HTAs, as the basis for reimbursement rates. If our products do not meet or surpass these metrics, these payers may not reimburse the use of our products or may reduce the rate of reimbursement for our products and as a result, revenue from such products may decrease. We have voluntarily elected to reduce prices or establish price caps with payers for certain products, which we believe provides value in the long term (but decreases revenue per patient).

In the United States, there have been, and we expect that there will continue to be, a number of federal and state proposals to implement governmental controls on pharmaceutical pricing. Both the executive and legislative branches of the U.S. government have recently unveiled proposals to implement such controls. In late-2020, CMS issued an interim final rule to implement a Most Favored Nation (MFN) Model for certain included drugs and biological products payable under Medicare Part B. The MFN Model would gradually reduce Medicare Part B reimbursement for included products to their respective MFN price, which generally reflects the lowest price for a pharmaceutical product sold in certain economically-comparable member countries of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. SOLIRIS is one of 50 drugs and biological products included in the first performance year of the MFN Model. The MFN Model implementation was delayed as a result of certain litigation, but could have an impact on SOLIRIS revenue if implemented (for additional information on the MFN Model, see “Government Regulation – Pharmaceutical Pricing and Reimbursement” included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). Among some of the additional proposals from the executive and legislative branches are: to allow Medicare to negotiate certain drug prices (and such prices would apply to the private market as well) (this measure was passed in the U.S. House of Representatives in late-2019), to move to a reimbursement regime that would establish pharmaceutical pricing by reference to a target price derived from the international price index, and to permit importation of medicines from other countries that have lower prices. Certain states have also proposed measures that are designed to control the costs of pharmaceuticals that they reimburse. If the U.S. (through the federal or state governments) were to move to a pricing system based on negotiated prices or to an international price index, such as the MFN Model (or similar model) that were to apply to our products, we expect that our revenues for sales in the U.S. would be lower, and potentially materially lower than if the current pricing program remained in place. 

Other countries, including many European countries and Canada, have established pricing and reimbursement policies that contain costs by referencing the price of the same or similar products in other countries. In these instances, if coverage or the level of reimbursement is reduced, limited or eliminated in one or more countries, we may be unable to obtain or maintain anticipated pricing or reimbursement in other countries or in new markets. This may create the opportunity for third-party cross-border trade or influence our decision whether to sell a product, thus adversely affecting our geographic expansion plans and revenues. See Note 11, 
Commitments and Contingencies
 to the consolidated financial statements for information about our lawsuit against the Patented Medicine Prices Review Board (PMPRB) to establish that Alexion did not excessively price SOLIRIS in Canada, which uses reference pricing. 

Due to the cost of our therapies, any potential increase in the number of patients receiving our products may cause third-party payers to modify, limit or eliminate coverage or reimbursement for our products because they may require an allocation of a greater percentage of the potential financial resources of any public or private payer for our products.

Further, health insurance programs may utilize coverage incentives and obstacles to discourage beneficiaries from using higher priced products such as ours, including:

•
establishing formularies under which only selected drugs are covered (which may exclude one or more of our products);

•
utilizing variable co-payments that make drugs that are not preferred by the payer more expensive for patients; and 

•
utilizing management controls, such as requirements for prior authorization or failure first on another treatment.

In countries where patients have access to insurance, their insurance co-payment amounts or other benefit limits may represent a barrier to obtaining or continuing use of our products or adoption of new treatment options, such as ULTOMIRIS. The imposition or continuation of the use of these types of limits or barriers by insurers or the imposition of similar limitations or barriers in the future may have an adverse impact on our revenue and results of operations. In some cases, we have financially supported non-profit organizations that assist patients in accessing treatments, consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and government guidance. Such organizations assist patients whose insurance coverage imposes high co-payment amounts or other expensive financial obligations. Such organizations’ ability to provide assistance to 

49

patients is dependent on funding from external sources, and we cannot guarantee that such funding will be provided at adequate levels, if at all. We have also provided our products without charge to patients who have no or limited insurance coverage for drugs through related charitable purposes, consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and government guidance. We are not able to predict the financial impact of the support we may provide for these and other charitable purposes; however, substantial support could have a material adverse effect on our profitability in the future.

As third-party payers attempt to contain health care costs, they are demanding price discounts or rebates and limiting both the types and variety of drugs that they may cover and the amounts that they will pay for drugs. As a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment to patients for our products or they may demand discounts or rebates from us, which may be material.

In 2020, three customers accounted for 47.4% of our total revenues. If any one or more of these customers were to require significant discounts or rebates, or were to discontinue purchasing our products (due to cost or otherwise), our results of operations may be materially and adversely impacted.

Risks Related to Intellectual Property

If we cannot obtain new patents, maintain our existing patents and protect the confidentiality and proprietary nature of our trade secrets and other intellectual property, our business and competitive position may be harmed.

Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and regulatory protections for our products and investigational compounds, to preserve our trade secrets and other proprietary rights and to prevent third parties from infringing on our rights. 

We have procured patent rights, through both ownership and license, that cover our products and investigational compounds, and will likely apply for additional patent protections in the future. However, our patent applications may not result in the issuance of patents in the U.S. or other countries. In addition, a patent may be issued in one country, but a counterpart patent may not be issued in another country. For example, the European Patent Office in September 2019 rejected a patent application relating to the composition of matter for SOLIRIS; related patents were granted in the U.S. and Japan.

Even if a patent is issued, that is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability and therefore that patent may not afford adequate (or any) protection for our products. On the basis of such inconclusiveness, third parties may challenge our patents, have done so in the past and, in some 

cases, have been successful in such challenges. For example, on January 21, 2019, the Opposition Division of the European Patent Office determined, following multi-party opposition proceedings, to revoke one of our European patents that relates to the formulation of SOLIRIS. Further, on August 30, 2019, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office instituted inter partes review (IPR) of three of our patents that relate to SOLIRIS. In May 2020, we entered into a Confidential Settlement and License Agreement with Amgen to settle the three IPRs (Settlement Agreement). Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, Alexion and Amgen have terminated each of the pending IPRs and, effective March 1, 2025 (or an earlier date in certain circumstances), Alexion grants to Amgen (and its affiliates and certain partners) a non-exclusive, royalty-free, license under U.S. patents and patent applications related to eculizumab and various aspects of the eculizumab product that Alexion currently markets and sells under the tradename SOLIRIS. We may enter into similar agreements in the future to grant or clarify certain rights of third-parties in connection with our intellectual property rights in SOLIRIS or other products or product candidates. In addition, under the settlement agreement with Amgen, if certain circumstances are satisfied, Amgen may have the right to market and sell an eculizumab product in the U.S. prior to March 2025.

If any of our patents are narrowed, invalidated, revoked or become unenforceable, competitors may develop and market products similar to ours that do not conflict with or infringe our patents rights, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Even if we obtain and maintain patents, our business may be significantly harmed if the patents are not broad enough to protect our products from copycat products. In addition, we may in the future enter into agreements similar to the agreement with Amgen that provides certain intellectual property rights to our marketed products or products in our pipeline.

We may finance or collaborate in research and development projects conducted by third parties, including government organizations, hospitals, universities or other educational or research institutions, or other for-profit companies. Such third parties may be unwilling to grant us certain rights to technology or products developed through such projects. Disputes may also arise as to the rights to technology or products developed in collaboration with such third parties. 

Significant legal questions exist concerning the extent and scope of patent protection for biopharmaceutical products and processes in the U.S. and elsewhere. Accordingly, there is no certainty that patent applications owned or licensed by us will issue 

50

as patents, or that our issued patents will afford meaningful protection against competitors. Once issued, patents are subject to challenge through both administrative and judicial proceedings in the U.S. and other countries. Such proceedings include re-examinations, inter partes reviews, post-grant reviews and interference proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, as well as opposition proceedings before the European Patent Office and other non-U.S. patent offices. Certain countries have laws that provide stronger bases for challenging third party patent rights than are available to challenge patents in other countries. Therefore, we may be able to defend our patents against a third-party claim in one country but counterpart patents may be invalidated in other countries and we may be able to invalidate a third-party patent in one country but not invalidate its counterpart patents in other countries. Litigation may be required to enforce, defend or obtain our patent and other intellectual property rights. Any administrative proceeding or litigation could require a significant commitment of our resources and, depending on outcome, could adversely affect the scope, validity or enforceability of certain of our patent or other proprietary rights.

Some of the sensitive technology, techniques and proprietary compounds used in our business are protected as trade secrets. However, we may also rely on collaboration with, or discuss the potential for collaboration with, suppliers, outside scientists and other biopharmaceutical companies. Collaboration and discussion of potential collaboration or inadvertent disclosure of a trade secret present a strong risk of exposing our trade secrets. If our trade secrets were exposed, we may lose the protection and potential exclusive rights afforded by trade secret law, and such exposure may likely help our competitors and allow them to access technology without restriction and adversely affect our business prospects.

If we are found to be infringing third party patents, we may be forced to pay damages to the patent owner and/or obtain a license to continue the manufacture, sale or development of our products. If we cannot obtain a license, we may be prevented from the manufacture, sale or development of our products or product candidates, which may adversely affect our business.

Parts of our technology, techniques, proprietary compounds and potential product candidates, including those which are or may be in-licensed or developed in collaboration with third parties, may be found to infringe patents owned by or granted to others. We have, and may in the future, receive notices claiming our products infringe third party patents and third parties have and may in the future file civil lawsuits against us claiming infringement of their intellectual property rights. Chugai 

Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. filed suits in the U.S. and Japan alleging that ULTOMIRIS infringes patents held by Chugai. See Note 11, 
Commitments and Contingencies
 to the footnotes to the consolidated financial statements. Additional third parties may claim that the manufacture, use or sale of our products or product candidates infringes patents owned or granted to such third parties. We are aware of patents owned by third parties that might be claimed by such third parties to be infringed by the development and commercialization of our products or investigational compounds. In respect to some of these we have invalidated the patents, obtained licenses, or expect to obtain licenses. However, with regard to others we have determined in our judgment that:

•
our products and investigational compounds do not infringe the patents;

•
the patents are not valid or enforceable; and/or

•
we have identified and are testing various alternatives that should not infringe the patents and which should permit continued development and commercialization of our products and investigational compounds.

Any holder of these patents or other patents covering similar technology could sue us for damages, which may be material in amount, and seek to prevent us from manufacturing, selling or developing our products (and we may be, in certain cases, prevented from initiating product launches in certain jurisdictions or required to withdraw the product from the market after it has been launched). Intellectual property disputes, such as those initiated by Chugai, can be costly and time consuming to defend and there is no guarantee that we would prevail in such lawsuit. If we cannot successfully defend against any infringement claims, we may seek to invalidate the patent or seek a license to the technology prior to or during legal actions in order to reduce the risks in connection with the product launches (or at a later time after product introduction) and to reduce further costs and the risk of a court determination that our technology, techniques, proprietary compounds or potential product candidates infringe the third party’s patents. A required license may be costly or may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. A costly license, or inability to obtain a necessary license, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

In some instances, we believe we may prevail in a patent infringement action. There can, however, be no assurance that the court will agree with our position or that it will decide any infringement case in our favor. Nor can we be certain that, if we do not prevail in litigation, that we may be able to obtain a license to any third-party patent on commercially 

51

reasonable terms (or at all); successfully develop non-infringing alternatives on a timely basis (or at all); or license alternative non-infringing technology, if any exists, on commercially reasonable terms (or at all). Any impediment to our ability to manufacture, use or sell approved forms of our products or our product candidates could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects.

It is possible that we could lose market exclusivity for a product earlier than expected, which may harm our competitive position.

In our industry, much of an innovative product’s commercial value is realized while it has market exclusivity.

Market exclusivity for our products depends in large part on patent rights and certain regulatory forms of protection. As noted above, patent protection can be uncertain as to the validity, scope and enforceability of many issued patents. Absent relevant patent protection for a product, once regulatory exclusivity periods expire, biosimilar or generic versions of the product can be approved and marketed. For example, in 2019, a SOLIRIS biosimilar was approved in Russia for the treatment of patients with PNH and aHUS. We also believe that the manufacturer of a SOLIRIS biosimilar has commenced the process to obtain regulatory approval to market and sell a SOLIRIS biosimilar in Brazil and Turkey and, if approved, this biosimilar may compete with SOLIRIS in Brazil and Turkey. 

The market exclusivity of our products may be impacted by competitive products that are either innovative, biosimilar or generic copies. In our industry, the risk of biosimilar or generic challenges has been increasing. U.S. law includes an approval pathway for biosimilar versions of innovative biological products. Under the pathway, the FDA may approve products that are similar to (but not generic copies of) innovative biologics (SOLIRIS, ULTOMIRIS and ANDEXXA are each innovative biologics) on the basis of less extensive data than is required for a full biologic license application (and there are similar pathways for generic copies of small molecule therapies (the Factor D therapies (ALXN2040 and ALXN2050) acquired in connection with the Achillion transaction are, for example, small molecules)). The law provides a mechanism to challenge the patents that protect an innovator’s products. Such litigation may begin as early as four years after the innovative biological product is first approved by the FDA. Pathways for biosimilar products also exist in many other markets, including Europe, Japan and Russia. Other companies are developing and advancing SOLIRIS biosimilar programs, including conducting clinical trials. Competition, including from biosimilars approved for marketing, would likely result in a decrease in volume of sales of our products, as well 

as a decrease in prices and lower margins for our products. In addition, approval of a biosimilar that is a substitute for one of our products may increase the risk of accelerated market penetration by that biosimilar. Further, if patients or healthcare providers do not believe that ULTOMIRIS provides a compelling profile for patient conversion from SOLIRIS, a SOLIRIS biosimilar may not only be expected to have a material and negative impact on our SOLIRIS revenues and margins (which accounted for a significant percentage of our revenue in 2020), it may also have a material impact on ULTOMIRIS revenue and margins and the ability of ULTOMIRIS to gain market acceptance.

Our other products and product candidates in development and trials are also at risk from biosimilars and generic drugs. Other than SOLIRIS for the treatment of gMG and NMOSD and SOLIRIS and ULTOMIRIS as a treatment for PNH and aHUS, each of our products is currently the only approved drug for the disease(s) the product treats. If a competitive product is approved for sale, including a biosimilar or generic product or other therapy (such as the two non-C5 therapies approved by certain regulatory authorities, including the FDA, as a treatment for NMOSD), our market share and our revenues could decline, particularly if the competitive product is perceived to be more effective or is less expensive than our product.

Risks Related to Our Products and Product Candidates

Our future commercial success depends on gaining regulatory approval for new products and obtaining approvals for existing products for new indications.

We invest significant amounts in acquiring new products and technologies and advancing our existing product candidates and technologies. Our success and revenue growth and diversification will depend in part on our identification, acquisition (including licenses from or collaborations with third parties), development and commercialization of new products and technologies, and approval of additional indications for our existing products and products under development. Product development is very expensive, takes significant time and involves a high degree of risk. Only a small number of research and development programs result in the commercialization of a product. For example, we recently paused enrollment in our ULTOMIRIS trial for certain COVID-19 patients due to lack of efficacy and in 2020 we terminated our agreement to co-develop ABY-039 with Affibody and determined not to exercise the co-development option agreement with Stealth BioTherapeutics Corp., in each case due to results of clinical trials. In addition, our recent investment and acquisition activities focused on new technologies with which we have limited experience, including a Factor Xa reversal agent and antibody therapeutics 

52

targeting the neonatal Fc receptor, which may make the development, approval and commercialization of such potential products challenging for us.

Our ability to maintain or grow and diversify revenues may be adversely affected if we are delayed or unable to successfully develop the products in our pipeline, if we are unable to gain approval for SOLIRIS and ULTOMIRIS for additional indications, for new routes of administration (subcutaneous delivery) and in new jurisdictions, obtain marketing approval for STRENSIQ, KANUMA and ANDEXXA in additional territories, obtain approval for different dosing regimens (or expansion of indications included in the product label) or acquire or license products and technologies from third parties.

Even if we are successful in developing new products or addressing new indications, we cannot market any of those products unless and until we obtain all required regulatory approvals in each jurisdiction where we plan to sell these therapies. We must also maintain all such regulatory approvals for the period of time that we sell the product in each such jurisdiction. Our failure to obtain, or a delay in obtaining, approval or if we fail to maintain approvals once obtained, will prevent us from selling products and generating revenues for those products in such jurisdiction where we do not hold such approvals.

Our products and product candidates target diseases and conditions with small patient populations and we may not be effective at identifying patients.

The therapies that we have developed, acquired and that are in our product pipeline and in preclinical development target diseases and conditions that have small patient populations that have not been definitively determined. Further, in many cases there are either no or limited diagnostic tools for the indications we treat or may treat in the future. The lack of diagnostic tools, coupled with the fact that there is frequently limited awareness among certain health care providers concerning the rare diseases we treat, often means that a proper diagnosis can, and frequently does, take years to identify (or an appropriate diagnosis may never be made for certain patients). As a result, we may not be able to grow our revenues (even as we introduce new products or as existing products are approved for additional indications). There can be no guarantee that any of our programs will be effective at identifying patients that will benefit from our therapies, and even if we can identify patients that our therapies can help, the number of patients that our therapies treat may turn out to be lower than we expect, they may not be otherwise amenable to treatment with our products, or new patients may become increasingly difficult to identify, all of which may adversely affect our ability to grow and diversify revenue and adversely affect our results of operations and our business. In addition, 

even in instances where we do add patients, the number may be less than the number of patients that discontinue use of the applicable product in a given period resulting in a net loss of patients and potentially decreased revenue.

We may not be able to gain or maintain market acceptance of our products among the medical community, patients or payers, which could prevent us from maintaining profitability or growth.

Our products may not gain or maintain market acceptance among physicians, patients, payers and others. Although we have received regulatory approval for certain of our products in certain territories (and may receive approvals for additional products or in additional jurisdictions), such approvals do not guarantee future revenue. Physicians’ willingness to prescribe, and patients’ willingness to accept, our products, depends on many factors, including:

•
prevalence and severity of adverse side effects in both clinical trials and commercial use;

•
the timing of the market introduction of competitive drugs, biosimilars and generics;

•
perceived safety of our products

•
demonstrated clinical safety and efficacy compared to other drugs;

•
perceived benefits relative to cost and/ or evaluations in HTAs (or similar assessments);

•
pricing and availability of reimbursement from third-party payers, including governmental entities;

•
convenience and ease of administration;

•
effectiveness of our marketing strategy;

•
publicity concerning our products and our other product candidates (and those of competitive products); and

•
availability of alternative treatments.

The likelihood of physicians to prescribe SOLIRIS and ULTOMIRIS for patients who present in acute treatment settings may depend on how quickly SOLIRIS or ULTOMIRIS can be delivered to the hospital or clinic, and our distribution methods may not be sufficient to satisfy this need. In addition, while SOLIRIS as a treatment for aHUS is recommended by some regulatory authorities to be used for the duration of a patient’s lifetime, we are aware that some healthcare providers prescribe SOLIRIS for aHUS for a shorter time period and, in some cases, may prescribe SOLIRIS for aHUS in emergency or acute situations only (and the same may occur in connection with the use of ULTOMIRIS for aHUS). Decisions such as this by aHUS patients and healthcare providers to use our products for a period 

53

that is less than the remaining lifetime of the patient or in only acute circumstances may cause our SOLIRIS or ULTOMIRIS revenues, and revenues for our other products, to fluctuate and past sales of our products may not be indicative of future sales for such products.

If our products fail to achieve or maintain market acceptance among the medical community or patients in a particular country, we may not be able to market and sell our products successfully in such country, which may limit our ability to generate revenue and could harm our overall business.

If our products harm patients, or are perceived to harm patients even when such harm is unrelated to our products, our regulatory approvals could be revoked or otherwise negatively impacted and we could be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims.

The testing, manufacturing, marketing and sale of biologics and small molecule therapies for use in humans may cause harm to patients, which exposes us to product liability risks and regulatory penalties.

Our products and our product candidates generally treat patients with rare diseases and, as a result, we generally are able to test our products in only a small number of patients. As more patients use our products, including more children and adolescents, new risks and side effects may be discovered, the rate of known risks or side effects may increase, and risks previously viewed as less significant could be determined to be significant.

Under pharmacovigilance guidelines, we are required to timely report any adverse events that any patient using our products experiences, as well as any clinical evaluations of outcomes in the post-marketing setting. This information is required to be reported to appropriate regulatory agencies in accordance with relevant regulations and, as a result, any potential adverse events will be promptly brought to the attention of regulators that may likely require prompt remedial action (and any failure to report these adverse events or report such events in a timely manner may result in penalties being imposed on Alexion by regulators). In the event any new risks or adverse effects are discovered as patients are treated for approved indications, or as our products are studied in or used by patients for other indications, regulatory authorities may delay or revoke their approvals or require changes to labeling or reformulation of the products (or take other actions that may adversely impact sales of such products).

If previously unknown side effects are discovered or if there is an increase in negative publicity regarding known side effects of any of our products, it could significantly reduce demand for the product, harm our reputation, result in product withdrawals, recalls, delays or revocations of regulatory approvals 

or require us to take actions that could negatively affect sales and operating results, including conducting additional clinical trials and safety studies, making changes in labeling, reformulating our products or making changes and obtaining new approvals for our and our suppliers’ manufacturing facilities. Further, any investigation into the circumstances surrounding an adverse event may be costly and time consuming (even if it is ultimately determined that the adverse event is not the result of the use of our product).

There are also risks associated with our products; for example, use of C5 Inhibitors, such as SOLIRIS and ULTOMIRIS, is associated with an increased risk for certain types of infection, including meningococcal infection. In certain cases, a physician may not have the opportunity to timely vaccinate a patient, especially for those patients that present in acute treatment settings, which could result in the patient using SOLIRIS or ULTOMIRIS experiencing a life-threatening meningococcal infection (and even in certain cases in which a vaccination can be delivered to the patient, it may not eliminate all risk of meningococcal infection). In addition, ANDEXXA has been associated with thrombolic risks, ischemic risks, cardiac arrest and sudden death. Patients using our products and product candidates have died or suffered potentially life-threatening conditions either during or after ending their treatments, and these include patients who have died while participating in a clinical trial. In addition, many patients who use our products are already very ill and may suffer adverse events, including death, for reasons that may or may not be related to our products. We may be sued by patients who are harmed during the course of using our products, whether as a prescribed therapy, during a clinical trial, during an investigator-initiated study, or otherwise. Any such product liability lawsuit or injury claim, which could include class actions, could harm our reputation among patients, physicians, payers and others and require us to pay substantial amounts of money to injured patients, and even if successfully defended, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations due to the expense of defending any such claim. While we do have product liability insurance, it may not cover all potential types of liabilities or may not cover certain liabilities completely. Moreover, we may not be able to maintain our insurance on acceptable terms, or at all.

We anticipate that we will face increased competition from companies that will enter into the markets we currently serve and as our product pipeline expands into markets that are currently served by other companies.

We expect that the business environment in which we operate will become increasingly 

54

competitive. Currently, certain of our products are the only approved therapies for certain indications they treat. For example, SOLIRIS and ULTOMIRIS are the only approved treatments for PNH and aHUS in the U.S., Europe and Japan. We expect that SOLIRIS and ULTOMIRIS may compete with new drugs and biosimilars currently in development. Several companies are developing other therapies to treat PNH, aHUS, gMG and NMOSD, and other pharmaceutical companies have publicly stated that they are developing and intend to commercialize a SOLIRIS biosimilar.

In 2020, the FDA and certain other foreign regulatory authorities have approved therapies developed by third parties for the treatment of NMOSD in adult patients who are anti-aquaporin-4 antibody positive. The introduction of these and other competitive products may negatively impact our business, including our revenue and profitability. In addition, following the introduction of a SOLIRIS biosimilar in 2019 in Russia for the treatment of PNH and aHUS, we experienced a decrease in revenue from sales of SOLIRIS and expect that Russia will account for a minor portion, if any, of future SOLIRIS revenue as a result of this competitive product. We also believe that the manufacturer of a SOLIRIS biosimilar has commenced the process to obtain regulatory approval to market and sell a SOLIRIS biosimilar in Brazil and Turkey and, if approved, this biosimilar may compete with SOLIRIS in Brazil and Turkey and, like Russia, have an adverse impact on SOLIRIS revenues in Brazil and Turkey. STRENSIQ, KANUMA and ANDEXXA may also experience competition in the future. We are also aware of companies that have initiated or are planning to initiate studies for diseases and conditions that we are also targeting with our product pipeline. Our revenues could be negatively affected if patients or potential patients enroll in our clinical trials or clinical trials of other companies with respect to diseases and conditions that we also target with approved therapies.

Some of our competitors and future competitors may have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than us and may commercialize competitive products that are cheaper, more effective, safer, have less frequent dosing schedules, or are easier and quicker to administer than our products. Our current and future competitors may develop products that are more broadly accepted or may receive patent protection that dominates, blocks or adversely affects our product development or business. These competitive products, including any biosimilars approved under alternative regulatory pathways (or generics that may be approved that compete with our small molecule therapies), may significantly reduce both the price that we receive for our marketed products and the volume of products 

that we sell, which may negatively impact our revenues and profitability. Given that a significant portion of our 2020 revenue was attributable to SOLIRIS, one or more competitive novel products or biosimilars could have a significant impact on our entire business.

In addition, we experience competition in drug development from universities and other research institutions, and pharmaceutical companies compete with us to attract universities and academic research institutions as drug development partners, including for licensing their proprietary technology. If our competitors successfully enter into such arrangements with academic institutions, we may be precluded from pursuing those unique opportunities and may not be able to find equivalent opportunities elsewhere.

If a company announces successful clinical trial results for a product that may be competitive with one of our products or product candidates, receives marketing approval of a competitive product, or gets to the market before we do with a competitive product, our business may be harmed or our stock price may decline.

Risks Related to Business Operations

We rely on a limited number of facilities to produce our products and manufacturing issues at our facilities or the facilities of our third party service providers could cause product shortages, stop or delay commercialization of our products, disrupt or delay our clinical trials or regulatory approvals, and adversely affect our business.

The majority of our products and product candidates are biologics and the production of such biologic therapeutics that meet all product specification and regulatory requirements is particularly complex. Even slight deviations at any point in the production process may lead to production failures, product recalls and regulatory actions. In addition, because the production process involves the use of materials that are derived from biological sources, the process can be affected by contaminants that could impact those biological micro-organisms. These manufacturing challenges are coupled with the fact that we have limited experience manufacturing commercial quantities of certain of our products (so we or our third party manufacturers may have limited previous experience resolving any issues in connection with the manufacture of certain of our products and any issues may take significant time to remediate or we may be unable to solve any manufacturing problems). In addition, with our acquisition of Achillion, we also have small molecules in clinical trials and we are planning future clinical trials in new indications and we expect that manufacture of these therapies and compliance with cGMP will pose similar challenges and we have limited 

55

experience manufacturing small molecules for clinical trials and for commercial sales.

If we and/or our third party manufacturers (including those involved in drug substance, drug product, and finished product) and other suppliers fail to meet the highly technical requirements/specifications of manufacturing our biologic and small molecule products and our strict quality and control specifications, we (or they) may be unable to manufacture or supply our products. We depend on our third party manufacturers to perform effectively on a timely basis and to comply with regulatory requirements and meet our product specifications. For example, we rely on Lonza owned and operated facilities for the production of a significant portion of our products, including ANDEXXA which we recently acquired, and Lonza has undertaken the construction and operation of new facilities to meet demand for certain of our products (including a new facility in New Hampshire that was qualified for manufacturing in 2020) and these facilities must meet our production requirements and new facilities must be qualified by regulatory authorities before product can be sold. Our failure or the failure of our third-party manufacturers (including the Lonza facilities that manufacture certain of our products) to produce sufficient quantities of our products and product candidates or to meet our specifications and quality standards or those standards imposed by regulatory authorities could result in lost revenue, diminish our profitability, delay the development of our product candidates, delay regulatory approval, result in the rejection of our product candidates or result in supply shortages for our patients, which may lead to lawsuits, harm to our reputation or could accelerate introduction of competing products to the market. For example, we experienced unexpected chemistry, manufacturing and control (or CMC) issues with our ALXN 1830 program that resulted in a delay in the clinical trial timeline for that program. We may experience similar CMC issues in the future that may impact marketed products or other clinical trials.

If we underestimate demand for ULTOMIRIS, SOLIRIS, ANDEXXA or any of our products, or experience product interruptions at Alexion’s internal manufacturing facilities or a facility of a third party provider, including as a result of risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we may not be able to increase our revenues and alternative therapies may gain greater market acceptance.

We also face external factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause production interruptions at our facilities or at the facilities of our third party providers, including natural disasters, public health crises (such as COVID-19), labor disputes, acts of terrorism or war.

The risks to our business of any manufacturing stops or interruptions (whether the result of internal or external factors of the nature identified above) are amplified because we rely on a limited number of facilities to produce our products and product candidates. Further, we expect that we will continue to rely on a very limited number of manufacturing facilities in the future for all of our products, including our complement inhibitors. Although we have business continuity plans, including with respect to inventory, to reduce the potential for manufacturing disruptions or delays and reduce the severity of a disruptive event, there is no guarantee that these plans will be adequate, which could adversely affect our business and operations.

We and our third party suppliers and providers are required to maintain compliance with cGMP and other stringent operation and manufacturing requirements and are subject to inspections by the FDA and comparable agencies in other jurisdictions to confirm such compliance. Governmental authorities will generally not permit products manufactured at a facility that is not registered by the applicable government agency to enter into that country and such products may be returned for failure to comply with such regulation, which may decrease or delay sales and result in the loss of inventory. Any delay, interruption or other issues that arise in the manufacture, in connection with drug substance, drug product, finished product, fill-finish, packaging or storage of our products as a result of a failure of our facilities or the facilities or operations of third parties to pass any regulatory agency inspection or comply with ongoing operating regulations could significantly impair our ability to supply our products and product candidates. Significant noncompliance could also result in the imposition of monetary penalties or other civil or criminal sanctions and damage our reputation.

Our efforts to bring more of our manufacturing operations under our control present additional risks. We have made significant investments in biologics manufacturing facilities, warehousing, fill-finish and other facilities at our sites in Athlone and Dublin, Ireland and at dedicated sites owned by third parties, including a Lonza facility in New Hampshire. We commenced manufacturing operations at certain of these sites prior to receiving regulatory approval and we have $39.8 of product produced at such sites in inventory as of December 31, 2020. Despite the significant investment we have made in these facilities and operations, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully and timely complete the appropriate validation processes or obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for these and other facilities, that we will be able to perform the intended manufacturing and supply chain services at these facilities for commercial or clinical use or that we will be able to use the product manufactured at these 

56

sites. Prior to such time, we may continue to rely on third parties for these services.

If our products are subject to any manufacturing issues or we lose manufacturing slots due to Operation Warp Speed, we may be unable to timely identify alternative manufacturers, and if we are able to timely identify alternative manufacturers, such alternative manufactures may not be able to satisfy our requirements. No guarantee can be made that regulators will approve additional third party providers in a timely manner or at all, or that any third party providers will be able to perform manufacturing or related services for sufficient product volumes for any country or territory. Further, due to the nature of the current market for third-party commercial manufacturing, many arrangements require substantial penalty payments by the customer for failure to use the manufacturing capacity for which it contracted. The payment of a substantial penalty could harm our financial condition and may restrict our ability to transition to internal manufacturing or manufacturing by other third parties. In addition, the terms and conditions to engage an additional third-party manufacturer may not be as favorable to us as our current arrangements and may likely reduce the profit on the sales of any products to which they relate. Further, transfer of production operations to a new supplier is time-consuming and new manufacturing will take significant time before the product can be sold commercially. 

Any adverse developments affecting our manufacturing operations or the operations of our third-party providers could result in a product shortage of clinical or commercial requirements, withdrawal of our product candidates or any approved products, shipment delays, lot failures or recalls. We may also have to write-off inventory and incur other charges and expenses for products that fail to meet specifications, undertake costly remediation efforts or seek more costly manufacturing alternatives. Each of these could have an adverse material impact on our business individually or in the aggregate. 

We rely on a limited number of providers for our raw materials and supply chain services, which could result in our being unable to continue to successfully commercialize our products and our product candidates (if approved) and to advance our clinical pipeline.

Certain of the raw materials required in the manufacture and the formulation of our products are derived from biological sources. Such raw materials are difficult to procure and may be subject to contamination or recall. Access to and supply of sufficient quantities of raw materials which meet the technical specifications for the production process is challenging, and often limited to single-source suppliers. If a raw material manufacturer were unable 

to supply such materials, our business may be impacted because we rely on one or a limited number of such manufacturers for certain materials for our products, including the limited third-parties we rely on to operate our master cell banks. Finding an alternative supplier could take a significant amount of time and involve significant expense due to the nature of the products and the need to obtain regulatory approvals. The failure of these single-source suppliers to supply adequate quantities of raw materials for the production process in a timely manner, or at all, may impact our ability to produce sufficient quantities of our products for clinical or commercial requirements. A material shortage, delay, contamination, recall, or restriction on the use of certain biologically derived substances or any raw material used in the manufacture of our products could adversely impact or disrupt manufacturing and materially limit our ability to generate revenues.

In addition, KANUMA is a transgenic product and the facilities on which we rely to produce raw material for KANUMA are the only animal facilities in the world that produce the necessary egg whites from transgenic chickens. Natural disasters, disease, such as exotic Newcastle disease or avian influenza, or other catastrophic events could have a significant impact on the supply of unpurified KANUMA, or destroy our animal operations altogether. If our animal operations are disrupted, it may be extremely difficult to set up another animal facility to supply the unpurified KANUMA.

We also depend on a very limited number of third party providers for supply chain services with respect to our clinical and commercial product requirements, including product filling, finishing, packaging and labeling.

Our third-party raw material providers and supply chain service providers operate as independent entities and we do not exercise control over any such third-party provider’s operations or their compliance with our internal or external specifications or the rules and regulations of regulatory agencies. Any contractual remedies we may have under agreements with these parties may not protect us from the harm suffered by our business or our patients if they fail to provide material or perform services that meet our specifications. Due to the highly specialized nature of the services performed by these third parties, particularly the supply of raw materials and other drug supply and drug product, as well as the delivery and supply chain operations regarding our products, we do not believe that we could quickly find replacement suppliers or service providers and, even if we were able to identify additional third parties, the terms of any such arrangement may not be favorable to us. In either of these cases, our revenue, results of operations, business and reputation may be harmed 

57

and we may not be able to provide the therapies that our patients require.

The success of our business may also depend on the security of our products while in the supply chain for delivery to patients, which, as noted above, is dependent on third-party providers. For example, if our products are not fully and adequately secured from unauthorized access by third parties, any of our products may be tampered with or contaminated. If our products were exposed to any tampering or contamination, or if they are not transported in accordance with the required specifications, our patients may be harmed through use of our products, and such harm may be severe. In addition, if the supply chain is not secure (or our distributors do not exercise control over our products while in their possession), we are also at risk for our products being diverted to patients other than those who are the intended recipient or to patients who do not have a prescription to receive our therapies (or it may be used for treatment by physicians who have not completed the necessary REMs protocols in order to treat patients) or it may be sold by distributors, channels or other entities that are not authorized by Alexion to sell our products. In addition, an unauthorized distributor may not properly store or ship our products, thereby exposing patients to potential harm from use of the product that was not handled in accordance with our standards. If any of the foregoing were to happen, we could be subject to costly litigation, significant monetary penalties, harm to our reputation and investigation by regulatory authorities (and potentially subject to regulatory action, including recall, product withdrawals, suspensions and monetary penalties).

The sale and use of counterfeit versions of our products could result in significant harm to patients, reduced sales of our products and harm to our reputation.

We are aware that counterfeit versions of our products have been sold by entities that are not affiliated with Alexion using product packaging suggesting that the product was manufactured by Alexion. If unauthorized third parties illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of our products, those products may not meet our very stringent product specifications (or the manufacturing, handling and distribution requirements for our products) and any patient that takes any counterfeit product may suffer serious adverse health consequences, including death. Our reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit drugs sold under our brand name and could result in lost sales for us and decreased revenues.

If we are unable to establish and maintain effective sales, marketing and distribution capabilities or to enter into agreements with third parties to do so, we 

may be unable to successfully commercialize our products.

We currently market and sell our products in the U.S., the EU, Japan and several other territories through a direct sales force. In addition, in order to gain greater efficiencies in our operations, certain portions of our international commercial operations, including sales, distribution, marketing and related efforts in designated countries are conducted by third-parties.

Due to the fact that some of our products are new to the market, we do not have lengthy experience in marketing and selling these products to patients, healthcare providers and payers (for example, we are relatively new to certain therapeutic areas, such as neurology (gMG and NMOSD)). In addition, ANDEXXA is also new to the market, having been authorized by the FDA to be marketed in the US in mid-2018. This challenge is coupled with the fact that many members of our sales and marketing team are new to working with Alexion products (and ANDEXXA) and we rely on third parties to market, distribute and sell our product in certain countries. The success of our re-launch of ANDEXXA will depend on our success in marketing the product and being able to execute on the sales strategy which will focus on issues such as pricing, removing access barriers and dosing to ensure appropriate use (and this launch strategy is different than that adopted by Portola prior to the acquisition). If we and our third parties are unable to successfully market and sell our new products (and expand our sales and commercial operations) and to successfully sell our products in new therapeutic areas, our business and sales may be harmed. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to establish, maintain and expand our own capabilities or maintain any sales, marketing or distribution agreements with third-party providers on acceptable terms, if at all, or that we will be able to continue to manage the transition to third-party sales, marketing and distribution in the relevant jurisdictions that will not cause any interruption or disruption in our business and sales of our products. We will not exercise the same degree of control over such third parties that we do over our direct sales force and the ability to direct the third party and provide incentives for such third party to market and sell our products may not be as strong as in the case of a direct sales force. As we move to new third party sales force, marketers and distributors in certain countries it may also increase the risk of litigation with or liability to third parties that we had previously engaged to perform services for us in jurisdictions where we are implementing these operational changes (and we have been subject to certain such claims in the past).

Even if we hire qualified sales and marketing personnel necessary to support our objectives and 

58

enter into distribution agreements with third parties on acceptable terms, we may not hire such employees or enter into such agreements in an efficient manner or on a timely basis. We may not be able to forecast accurately the size and experience of the sales and marketing force and the scale of distribution capabilities necessary to successfully market and sell our products, which could result in decreased revenues or margins. In addition, as we launch new products, such as ULTOMIRIS (and re-launch ANDEXXA), and we move into other therapeutic areas (such as neurology and reversal of Factor Xa inhibitors), and, if and when, the products we acquire in connection with acquisitions and development agreements with third parties move closer to regulatory approval, we may have a larger product portfolio and address more therapeutic areas and the foregoing risks may continue to apply and may increase. Our expenses associated with building up and maintaining the sales force and distribution capabilities around the world, and relying on third party sales, marketing and distribution, may be disproportionate compared to the revenues we may be able to generate on sales or any savings or efficiencies we gain through use of such third-parties. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in commercializing any of our products for the above referenced or other reasons.

Our efforts to expand our business and product offerings through acquisitions of businesses and technologies may not be successful.

Building our product pipeline is a key strategic objective to address revenue concentration risk in C5 complement inhibitors and we may, from time to time, evaluate and, when appropriate and in accordance with our obligations under the Merger Agreement with AstraZeneca, purchase businesses and acquire, co-develop or license technologies and products from third parties in an effort to expand and diversify our pipeline, product offerings, and our technologies. For example, in 2020 we acquired Portola and Achillion. Acquisitions of new businesses or products and in-licensing of new technologies and products may involve numerous risks, including:

•
substantial cash expenditures;

•
potentially dilutive issuance of equity securities and incurrence of debt;

•
assumption of material liabilities in connection with the target or purchased technology, some of which may be difficult or impossible to identify at the time of acquisition;

•
difficulties in integrating the operations of the acquired companies;

•
failure of any acquired businesses or products or in-licensed products or 

technologies to achieve the scientific, medical, commercial or other results we anticipate;

•
diverting our management's attention away from other business opportunities and on-going operations;

•
the potential loss of our key employees or key employees of the acquired companies;

•
risks of entering disease areas and indications or modalities in which we have limited or no direct experience; and

•
significant investments in resources and personnel to evaluate, integrate and develop acquisition and in-license programs.

A substantial portion of our strategic efforts are focused on opportunities for rare disorders, but the availability of such opportunities may be limited. We may not be able to identify opportunities that satisfy our strategic criteria or are acceptable to us or our stockholders. Several companies have publicly announced intentions to establish or develop rare disease programs and we may compete with these companies (some of which may be larger and may be able to provide more consideration than we can) for the same opportunities. For these and other reasons, we may not be able to acquire the rights to additional product candidates or approved products on acceptable terms, or at all. In such event, we may not be able to further rebuild our pipeline and any future revenue may remain largely dependent on our existing products, which are subject to the risks noted above.

In addition, through our business development initiatives we have acquired or obtained rights to new technologies, including a therapy to reverse Factor Xa inhibitors, Factor D small molecules and two FcRN platforms (in February 2020, based on data from our Phase I study, we terminated the agreement to co-develop ABY-039 with Affibody, which was the developer of one such FcRN platform), among others. These technologies are intended to diversify our pipeline and revenue base (if products based on these technologies are, where applicable, approved by regulatory authorities), but we have limited experience with these technologies, including developing these therapies, operating clinical trials with these therapies, obtaining regulatory approval and commercializing these assets. If we are unable to successfully bring these products to market and to increase sales of approved medicines in the case of ANDEXXA, we may not be able to diversify our revenue or generate a return on our investments.

Even if we are able to successfully identify and complete acquisitions and other strategic transactions, we may not be able to integrate or take full advantage of them. An acquisition or other strategic transaction may or may not result in short-

59

term or long-term benefits to us (such as our transactions with Affibody and Stealth). A commercial stage product or near-commercial stage product acquired may not result in the revenues that we anticipate or we may be unable to realize expected profits on sales due to expenses related to the manufacturing and/or sales of the commercial product. We may also incorrectly judge the value or worth of an acquired company or business or an acquired or in-licensed product, particularly if the acquired technology is in preclinical trials or early-stage clinical trials. Any therapies we acquire that are pre-clinical or in clinical trials may not result in a commercialized product and any revenues, if the product is commercialized, may not meet our projections or result in generating an adequate return on our investment.

The acquired business of Portola may underperform relative to our expectations, and we may not achieve anticipated synergies.

We completed the acquisition of Portola on July 2, 2020. Through the acquisition, we acquired ANDEXXA, a commercial-stage product that is intended, in part, to diversify our revenue from reliance on C5 inhibitors. The acquired business of Portola may underperform relative to our expectations, which may cause our financial results to differ from our own or the investment community’s expectations, and it may not result in the revenue or generate the operating income in the future that we anticipate. The ultimate success of the acquisition will depend, in part, on Alexion’s ability to successfully integrate the Portola business and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies, innovation opportunities and operational manufacturing and sales efficiencies, from the acquisition and successful execution of our relaunch strategy for ANDEXXA, including expansion into new geographies and label expansion to include new indications. If we are unable to achieve our objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, and the value of Alexion’s common stock may decline. In addition, if the results of the Phase IV post-marketing trial required by the FDA does not meet the safety and efficacy requirements of the FDA, ANDEXXA (the product that generated almost all of Portola’s revenues) may be withdrawn from the market or otherwise subject to regulatory restrictions which may limit the ability to realize expected value from the transaction. Andexanet alfa also received conditional approval in the EU.

The integration of the two companies may result in material challenges, including, without limitation:

•
the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business concerns;

•
managing a larger combined business that includes a new therapeutic area for Alexion;

•
retaining existing business and operational relationships, including customers, suppliers and employees and other counterparties, and attracting new business and operational relationships; and

•
coordinating geographically separate organizations.

 The financial results of ANDEXXA, and our ability to generate returns on our investment in Portola, will require that we successfully commercialize this product (which received conditional approval from the FDA in 2018). ANDEXXA utilization will depend, in large part, on access for the therapy at both the institutional level (where adoption will be driven by hospitals and emergency care facilities including ANDEXXA in the approved protocols for care and by ANDEXXA being qualified for adequate reimbursement by payers for use) and at the individual prescriber level (where adoption will be driven by immediate physical access to the product as it will be used in the acute care setting and by acceptance and endorsement of use by individual physicians who will need to be satisfied with, among other things, ANDEXXA's safety and efficacy). In addition, ANDEXXA may not gain expected market acceptance due to, among other reasons: pricing and reimbursement decisions and lower than anticipated usage at facilities and dosing. While we do have experience with obtaining institutional approval for our therapies and promoting acute care products (SOLIRIS and ULTOMIRIS for aHUS) we will need to effectively address the needs of institutions and prescribers, as noted above, in order to increase sales of ANDEXXA. 

In order to support potential growth of the business, we will be required to make significant investments in our business operations.

To effectively manage our current and future potential growth, we must continue to effectively enhance and develop our global employee base and our operational and financial processes. Supporting our growth strategy may require significant capital expenditures and management resources, including investments in research, development, sales and marketing, clinical trial capabilities, manufacturing and other areas of our operations. Efforts to advance our product pipeline, including the increased number of clinical trials that are under way or will commence in the future, will require significant expense in 2021. The development or expansion of our business, any acquired business or any acquired or in-licensed products may require a substantial capital investment by us and we may likely incur substantial expenses in advancing acquired products through development, trials, regulatory approval and to commercialization. We may not have 

60

the necessary funds for these capital expenditures and expenses or these funds might not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. We may also seek to raise funds by incurring additional indebtedness and selling shares of our capital stock (where permitted under our existing contractual obligations), which could dilute current stockholders’ ownership interest in our company, or securities convertible into our capital stock (where permitted under our existing contractual obligations), which could dilute current stockholders’ ownership interest in us upon conversion.

Completion of proof of concept trials, biomarker studies, preclinical studies or clinical trials does not guarantee advancement to the next phase of development or regulatory approval or successful commercialization.

Conducting clinical trials is a complex, time-consuming and expensive process and there are no guarantees that any trial will meet its endpoints or objectives. Completion of preclinical studies or clinical trials does not guarantee that we will initiate additional studies or trials for our product candidates, if further studies or trials are initiated, what the scope and phase of the trial will be or that they will be completed, or if these further studies or trials are completed, that the design or results may provide a sufficient basis to apply for or receive regulatory approvals or to commercialize products. Results of clinical trials could be inconclusive, requiring additional or repeat trials. Data obtained from preclinical studies and clinical trials are subject to varying interpretations that could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. Many companies have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in clinical trials but nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval of their drug candidate. If the design or results achieved in our clinical trials are insufficient to proceed to further trials or to sustain regulatory approval of our product candidates, our business could be materially adversely affected. Failure of a clinical trial to achieve its pre-specified primary endpoint or objective generally increases the possibility that additional studies or trials may be required if we even determine to continue development of the product candidate, reduces the likelihood of timely development of and regulatory approval to market the product candidate, and may decrease the chances for successfully achieving the primary endpoint(s) or objective(s) in scientifically similar indications.

We are currently planning and conducting several clinical trials of products and product candidates that we anticipate may be important to our goal of expanding our business and diversifying our product portfolio. These trials may not yield the anticipated 

results for a number of reasons and may not result in a product that obtains regulatory approval.

ULTOMIRIS may not be approved as a treatment for additional indications or in other jurisdictions and any clinical trials may not achieve the designated endpoints and prove to be effective for use in patients with these additional indications. For example, we have initiated Phase III clinical trials for ULTOMIRIS as a treatment for: (i) Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), (ii) patients with COVID-19, who are hospitalized with severe COVID-19 requiring mechanical ventilation and (iii) patients with HSCT TMA, (and we plan to initiate studies of ULTOMIRIS in other indications). There is no guarantee that the Phase III clinical trial for ALS, and HSCT TMA (or the additional studies that we are planning for ULTOMIRIS) will provide sufficient evidence to advance our research beyond these stages. Drug development is very uncertain. We had, for example, conducted an exploratory clinical study in Primary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis (PPMS) that we have decided to no longer pursue based on biomarker analysis. Further, in January 2021, based on the recommendation of the IDMC, we recently paused enrollment in our ULTOMIRIS trial for certain COVID-19 patients due to lack of efficacy.

In addition, we are also conducting clinical trials in therapeutic areas with which we have limited experience (for example, ALXN1840 (WTX101), a therapy for Wilson’s disease), Factor D small molecules, and with technology platforms with which we also have limited experience (for example, humanized monoclonal antibody that inhibits the interaction of FcRn with Immunoglobulin G (IgG) and IgG immune complexes). Further, we plan to initiate a Phase II clinical trial for ALXN2040 in Geographic Atrophy (GA), which is our first clinical trial in ophthalmology, an indication with which we have limited experience at Alexion. In addition, we intend to also initiate a proof of concept trial using a Factor D molecule, ALXN2050, in patients with various renal diseases. And we are pursuing trials to expand the label for ANDEXXA to treat additional acute care indications. Each of these clinical trials, and any other trial we commence, require significant financial expenses and operational resources, is subject to the risks highlighted above and the investments we have made in these technologies may not generate the expected returns.

Our clinical studies may be costly and lengthy, and there are many reasons why drug testing could be delayed or terminated.

For human trials, patients must be recruited and each product candidate must generally be tested at various doses and formulations for each clinical indication. Many of our programs focus on diseases and conditions with small patient populations making 

61

patient enrollment difficult and requiring a relatively large number of trial sites to meet enrollment requirements to power our clinical trials to our desired levels for efficacy and, in certain cases, superiority. Additionally, we can have multiple clinical trials running for the same indication, further challenging clinical trial enrollment. Insufficient patient enrollment in our clinical trials could delay or cause us to abandon a product development program. We may decide to abandon development of a product candidate or a study at any time due to unfavorable results or other reasons, including if there are concerns about patient safety (as patients have, and may in the future, suffer injuries during clinical trials). If initial trials do not produce adequate results, we may have to spend considerable resources repeating clinical trials or conducting additional trials, either of which may increase costs and delay revenue from those product candidates, if any. We may open clinical sites and enroll patients in countries where or for indications in which we have little experience.

Even if we were to complete clinical trials for one or more of our therapies, we or regulatory authorities may determine that the results are not be sufficient for filing a BLA or NDA or granting approval to market the therapy.

We rely on a small number of clinical research organizations to carry out our clinical trial related activities, and two contract research organizations (CROs) are responsible for many of our studies. We rely on such parties to enroll clinical sites and patients, operate trials and accurately report their results. Our reliance on CROs may impact our ability to control the timing, conduct, expense and quality of our clinical trials. In addition, we may be responsible for any errors in clinical trials by a CRO as a result of the performance of services in connection with a clinical trial on our behalf. And regulatory agencies, in connection with a potential product approval or as part of ongoing monitoring, will review a CRO's compliance with regulatory requirements relating to clinical trials and we may be subject to findings and regulatory action (including denial or delay of product approval) if a CRO fails to comply with regulations.

Additional factors that can cause delay, impairment or termination of our clinical trials or our product development efforts include:

•
delay or failure in obtaining institutional review board (IRB) approval or the approval of other reviewing entities to conduct a clinical trial at each site;

•
delay or failure in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites;

•
withdrawal of clinical trial sites from our clinical trials as a result of changing standards of care or the ineligibility of a site to participate in our clinical trials;

•
clinical sites and investigators deviating from trial protocol, failing to conduct the trial in accordance with regulatory requirements, or dropping out of a trial;

•
delay or failure in having patients complete a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up;

•
lack of sufficient supplies of the product candidate;

•
disruption of operations at the clinical trial sites;

•
adverse medical events or side effects in treated patients;

•
failure of patients taking the placebo to continue to participate in our clinical trials;

•
insufficient clinical trial data to support safety and effectiveness of the product candidates;

•
lack of effectiveness or safety of the product candidate being tested;

•
decisions by regulatory authorities, the IRB, ethics committee, or us, or recommendation by a data safety monitoring board, to suspend or terminate clinical trials at any time for safety issues or for any other reason;

•
failure to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for the product candidate or the approvals for the facilities in which such product candidate is manufactured; and

•
decisions by competent authorities, IRBs or ethics committees to demand variations in protocols or conduct of clinical trials

We expect our operating results to fluctuate.

Our quarterly revenues, expenses and net income (loss) may fluctuate, even significantly, due to certain risks, including those described in these “Risk Factors,” as well as the timing of charges and expenses that we may take, acquisitions and business development transactions and the impact of converting patients from SOLIRIS to ULTOMIRIS (as noted above). We may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Since we have a limited sales and operating history with certain of our products and for new indications of existing products (such as ANDEXXA and the 100mg/mL formulation of ULTOMIRIS), we may not be able to accurately forecast demand for our products or for new indications and formulations. Product demand and, in the case of conversion to ULTOMIRIS, product preference and conversion, is dependent on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. For 

62

these reasons, we may not be able to accurately forecast demand for our products. You should not consider our financial performance, including our revenue growth, in recent periods as indicative of our future performance.

We cannot guarantee that we will achieve our financial goals, including our ability to maintain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future.

In the future, we may not generate sufficient revenues or control expenses to achieve our financial goals. Our investors and investment analysts may have widely varying expectations that may be materially higher or lower than actual revenues and profits and if our revenues and profits are different from these expectations, our stock price may experience significant volatility. Our revenues and profits are also subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations due to the global nature of our operations and our results of operations could be adversely affected due to unfavorable foreign exchange rates. Although we use derivative instruments to manage foreign currency risk, our efforts to reduce currency exchange losses may not be successful.

In addition, we have in the past provided financial guidance and anticipated customers for certain indications for future periods (including neurology patients in the U.S. using our products), and future product launches and if our actual operating results fail to meet or exceed the guidance or forecasts that we have previously provided to our investors, our stock price could drop suddenly and significantly. Financial guidance, anticipated customer levels and product launches are based on certain assumptions about future performance and such guidance and forecasts are not a guarantee that the targets set forth will be achieved. In addition, due to the potential impact of COVID-19 on our business, operations and results of operations (including our revenues), the estimates, judgments and inputs required to generate guidance and customer levels are increasingly uncertain and therefore accurately forecasting performance is even more challenging in light of the current health crisis. 

As we attempt to grow and expand our business, we may have substantial expenses as we continue our research and development efforts and our efforts to develop the assets we have acquired through acquisitions, collaborations and in-licenses, continue to undertake additional business development activities, continue to conduct clinical trials and continue to develop and expand manufacturing, sales, marketing and distribution capabilities worldwide, some of which could be delayed, scaled-back or eliminated to control expenses and/or achieve our financial objectives. Additionally, business development activities may include milestone and royalty obligations and may require substantial 

investment in research and development to achieve product approval. These expenses may increase and such increases may exceed analyst and investor expectations.

If we fail to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully develop, manufacture or commercialize our products or products candidates.

The success of our business is dependent in large part on our continued ability to attract and retain our senior management, and other highly qualified personnel in our scientific, clinical, manufacturing, governmental regulations and commercial organizations and across the many geographies in which we operate. There is intense competition in the biopharmaceutical industry for these types of personnel.

Our business is specialized and global and we must attract and retain highly qualified individuals across many geographies and areas of expertise. We may not be able to continue to attract and retain the highly qualified personnel necessary to develop, manufacture and commercialize our products and product candidates. If we are unsuccessful in our recruitment and retention efforts, or if our recruitment efforts take longer than anticipated, our business may be harmed.

We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our current and future restructuring plans and restructurings may adversely affect our business.

We initiated our most recent restructuring in the third quarter 2020, which is principally focused within our commercial organization as part of an initiative intended to redefine our operating model and reallocate resources necessary to align our organization with our diversifying portfolio of new products and strategic objectives. We may undertake additional restructurings in the future. Implementation of a restructuring plan may be costly and disruptive to our business, and we may not be able to obtain the estimated cost savings and benefits that were initially anticipated in connection with a restructuring in a timely manner, or at all. Additionally, as a result of any restructuring, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge and/or inefficiency during transitional periods. Reorganization and restructuring can require a significant amount of management and other employees’ time and focus, which may divert attention from operating and growing our business. If we fail to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of restructuring, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

If we fail to satisfy our debt service obligations or our contingent obligations, we may be unable to 

63

commercialize our products or continue or complete our product development.

We have significant debt service obligations. In addition to the obligations to make interest and principal payments under our credit facility throughout the term of the loans, any changes in interest rates related to this debt could significantly increase our annual interest expense and any hedging of this interest may not be effective to control expenses.

Our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement requires us to comply with certain financial covenants and negative covenants, restricting or limiting our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, grant liens, and engage in certain investment, acquisition and disposition transactions, subject to limited exceptions. If an event of default occurs (due to, for example, the failure to comply with certain covenants in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement), the interest rate may increase and the administrative agent may be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. If the interest rate imposed under our Amended and Restated Credit Agreement were to increase as a result of a default, our expenses may increase and we may need to allocate additional funds to this interest expense (which may limit the use of these funds for other purposes, including growing our business or responding to changes in our business and industry). If some or all of the amounts outstanding under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement were to be accelerated by the lenders, we may not have sufficient cash on hand to pay the amounts due, we may not be able to refinance such debt on terms acceptable to us (or at all) and we may be required to sell certain assets on terms that are unfavorable to us.

In addition, we have substantial contingent liabilities, including milestone and royalty obligations associated with acquisitions and strategic transactions, and we have been, and in the future may again be, engaged in disputes with certain counterparties regarding potential milestone and royalty obligations (we are currently subject to a claim in litigation in connection with the Syntimmune acquisition that we failed to meet our obligations with respect to the contingent consideration and plaintiff has requested payment of the full earn-out amount) . Our increased indebtedness, including increased interest expense, together with our significant contingent liabilities, could, among other things: 

•
make us more vulnerable to economic or industry downturns and competitive pressures; 

•
make it difficult for us to make payments on our credit facilities and require us to use cash flow from operations to satisfy our debt 

obligations, which may reduce the availability of our cash flow for other purposes, including business development efforts and research and development; 

•
limit our ability to incur additional debt or access the capital markets; and 

•
limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in, our business. 

Our ability to satisfy our obligations under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and meet our debt service obligations and our royalty and milestone obligations will depend upon our future performance, which will be subject to financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control.

We may not be able to access the capital and credit markets on terms that are favorable to us or at all.

We may need to raise additional capital in accordance with our existing contractual commitments to supplement our existing funds and cash generated from operations for working capital, capital expenditure and debt service requirements, and other business activities (including business and technology acquisitions). The amount of capital we may need depends on many factors, including, the cost of any acquisition or any new collaborative, licensing or other commercial relationships that we may establish, the time and cost necessary to build and complete new manufacturing facilities or enhance our manufacturing and related operations, amounts we may need to pay in connection with the resolution of any government investigation or litigation matter (including any securities class action matter or any product liability claim or any tax assessment or liability), the cost of obtaining and maintaining the necessary regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facilities, and the progress, timing and scope of our preclinical studies, clinical trials and product development and commercialization efforts. The capital and credit markets have experienced and may continue to experience extreme volatility and disruption. We may not receive additional funding when we need it or funding may only be available on unfavorable terms. If we cannot raise adequate funds to satisfy our working capital, capital requirements and debt repayment obligations (or royalty and milestone obligations) or business development activities, we may have to delay, scale-back or eliminate certain research, development, manufacturing, acquisition or commercial activities or sell certain assets and technologies.

We have incurred significant impairment charges, and may continue to incur such charges in the future for certain of our assets, including goodwill in connection with acquisitions, and such amounts may be material.

64

If the purchase price of a business acquisition exceeds the value of the assets (and liabilities) acquired, the acquirer must recognize goodwill in such amount. We may be required to recognize impairment charges for our goodwill and other intangible assets, and such charges may be material and have an adverse impact on our financial results in the period such charges are incurred and may also have an adverse impact on our reputation.

As of December 31, 2020, the net carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets, net totaled $8,102.5. As required by GAAP, we evaluate goodwill and intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, or as facts and circumstances warrant. We have recorded charges that include inventory write-downs for failed quality specifications or recalls, impairments with respect to investments and acquisitions, fixed assets and long-lived assets, outcomes of litigation and other legal or administrative proceedings, regulatory matters and tax matters, and payments in connection with acquisitions and other business development activities, such as milestone payments. The impairment of tangible and intangible assets may be triggered by developments both within and outside our control. Deteriorating economic conditions, technological changes, disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in the use of the assets, adverse clinical results, intensified competition, divestitures, market capitalization declines and other factors may impair our goodwill and other intangible assets. 

As part of our standard quarterly procedures, we review facts and circumstances regarding our long-lived assets, including the KANUMA asset, to assess for potential indicators of impairment. During the quarter ended June 30, 2020, based on continued challenges expanding patient growth and new alternative commercial opportunities, we revised our strategic view of KANUMA and determined that we have exhausted commercially viable initiatives related to KANUMA and will have difficulty expanding patient growth over the long term as we focus on promoting other commercial programs and growing our pipeline. While management is committed to continued access to KANUMA for existing patients and providing access to future patients diagnosed with LAL-D, as we grow our business and product offerings, including through the recent acquisition of Portola Pharmaceuticals, we will prioritize programs where the opportunity to find patients who can benefit from Alexion therapies is the greatest. Therefore, we no longer expect to increase the number of KANUMA patients at the rate we previously assumed in our cash flow projections for KANUMA. As a result of these developments during the second quarter 2020, management adjusted assumptions in our long term cash flow forecast 

model for KANUMA and recognized an impairment charge of $2,042.3 related to the associated intangible asset.

Cash flow models used in our assessments of intangible assets are based on the projected commercial sales of the underlying products which considers, where applicable, our commercial experience with the product to date. Cash flow models for products currently in development also include the likelihood of approval. These cash flow models require the use of significant estimates and judgements, which include, but are not limited to, probability of regulatory approval, market access assumptions, long-range pricing expectations and patient-related assumptions, including patient identification, conversion and retention rates. As we continue to develop and sell products that have a related intangible asset associated with it, new data may cause us to adjust the assumptions in our cash flow models. Changes to assumptions used in our net cash flow projections may result in material impairment charges in subsequent periods, similar to the impairment charge recognized in the second quarter 2020 related to KANUMA.

The efficiency of our corporate structure depends on the application of the tax laws and regulations in the countries where we operate and we may have exposure to additional tax liabilities or our effective tax rate could increase, which could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position.

As a company with international operations, we are subject to income taxes, as well as non-income based taxes, in both the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide tax liabilities. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable at the time made, the final taxes we owe may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements (and such differences may be material). If the IRS, or other taxing authority, disagrees with the positions we take (and such tax authorities have disagreed with certain positions we have taken in prior years, and may do so again the future), we could have additional tax liability, and this could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with different statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws and regulations, including potential changes following the U.S. presidential and congressional elections, changes in interpretations of tax laws, including pending tax law changes, changes in our manufacturing activities and changes in our future levels of research and development spending.

65

We have designed, and from time to time we modify, our corporate structure, the manner in which we develop and use our intellectual property, and our intercompany transactions between our affiliates in a way that is intended to enhance our operational and financial efficiency and increase our overall profitability. The application of the tax laws and regulations of various countries in which we operate and to our global operations is subject to interpretation. We also must operate our business in a manner consistent with our corporate structure to realize such efficiencies. The tax authorities of the countries in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for valuing developed technology or for transfer pricing or other operations. If tax authorities determine that the manner in which we operate results in our business not achieving the intended tax consequences, our effective tax rate could increase (and such increase may be material) and harm our financial position and results of operations. For example, in August 2020, we received a notice of examination from the Dutch Tax Authorities (“DTA”) regarding certain matters relating to our 2014 through 2017 tax years. We entered into an agreement with the DTA in December 2020 and have agreed to pay approximately $73.8 in connection with the settlement, inclusive of the 2018 and 2019 tax years. After taking into account the $56.1 U.S. foreign tax credit claimed on the settlement, the net cash outflow was $17.7, representing a 3.1% net increase to the effective tax rate. In addition, certain governments are considering and may adopt tax reform measures that significantly increase our worldwide tax liabilities. The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development and other government bodies have focused on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations, including, in the area of “base erosion and profit shifting,” where payments are made from affiliates in jurisdictions with high tax rates to affiliates in jurisdictions with lower tax rates. It is possible that these reform measures could increase our effective tax rate (and such increase may be material) and harm our financial position and results of operations over the next several years.

Our sales and operations are subject to a variety of risks relating to the conduct of our international business.

We have increased our international presence, including in emerging markets. Our operations in foreign countries subject us to a variety of risks, including:

•
difficulties or the inability to obtain necessary foreign regulatory or reimbursement approvals of our products in a timely manner or at all;

•
political or economic determinations or decisions that adversely impact pricing or reimbursement policies in foreign countries;

•
economic problems or political instability;

•
fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

•
difficulties or inability to obtain financing in markets;

•
unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements;

•
customs and tax officials in foreign jurisdictions may disagree with the value we set when we or others import our products (including products that are donated for charitable purposes or used for clinical trials) and we may be required to pay additional duties or fines and such amounts may be substantial. For example, our offices in Brazil were visited by the Brazilian federal tax authorities and we received a written notice from such authorities requesting information with respect to the importation of SOLIRIS free of charge to patients in Brazil from 2014 to 2019. In connection with this matter, in August 2019, the Brazilian Federal Revenue Service provided a Notice of Tax and Description of the Facts to, among others, two Alexion subsidiaries. This notice focuses on: (i) the identity of the impo
rter and (ii) the importation value of SOLIRIS vials in connection with Alexion’s free drug program in Brazil. See Note 11, 
Commitments and Contingencies
 to the consolidated financial statements for more information on this matter);

•
difficulties in establishing and enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights;

•
compliance with complex import and export control laws;

•
trade restrictions and restrictions on direct investments by foreign entities;

•
compliance with local tax, employment and labor laws;

•
costs and difficulties in recruiting and retaining qualified managers and employees to manage and operate the business in local jurisdictions;

•
costs and difficulties in managing and monitoring international operations; and

•
longer payment cycles

Additionally, our business, operations and marketing methods are subject to the laws and regulations of the countries in which we operate, which may differ significantly from country to country and may conflict with U.S. laws and regulations. The FCPA and anti-bribery laws and regulations in the locations in which we operate our business are extensive and far-reaching, and we must maintain 

66

accurate records and control over the activities of our employees, distributors and third party service providers in countries where we operate. We have policies and procedures, and we are committed to continually focusing on our compliance program and we continue to enhance our comprehensive company-wide program and efforts, and these are designed to enhance our business processes, structures, controls, training, talent, and systems across Alexion’s global operations and to help us and our representatives, including our employees and our vendors and distributors, comply with such laws. We cannot, however, guarantee that these policies, programs and procedures will protect us against liability under the FCPA or other anti-bribery laws for actions taken by us, our employees or our representatives. Any determination that our operations or activities are not in compliance with existing laws or regulations, including the FCPA and the UK Anti-Bribery Act, could result in the imposition of fines, civil and criminal penalties, equitable remedies, including disgorgement, injunctive relief, and/or other sanctions against us, and remediation of such findings could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations. In addition, as our international operations expand, we are likely to become subject to new anti-corruption/anti-bribery laws or existing laws may govern our activities in new jurisdictions in which we commence operations. In addition, as we have moved from a direct sales force to third-party sales force, distributors and marketers in certain countries and regions, we may also have liability under the FCPA and anti-bribery laws and regulations for the actions of these third parties. Although we can impose contractual restrictions on what these third parties are authorized to do on our behalf, we will exercise only limited control over the actions of these third parties but may still face the same liabilities for their actions. Our failure, and the failure of others who we engage to act on our behalf, to comply, with the laws and regulations of the countries in which we operate, or will operate in the future, could materially harm our business.

Our business involves environmental risks and potential exposure to environmental liabilities.

As a biopharmaceutical company, our business involves the use of certain hazardous materials in our research, development, manufacturing and other activities. We and our third party providers are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations concerning the handling and disposal of regulated wastes, such as medical and biological wastes, chemical wastes and potential emissions and discharges into the environment (including air, soils and water sources). We also are subject to laws and regulations that impose liability and clean-up responsibility for releases of hazardous substances into the 

environment and a current or previous owner or operator of property may be liable for the costs of remediating such property or locations (should a release occur), without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the contamination. Although our safety procedures for handling and disposing of hazardous materials are designed to comply with the laws and regulations established by state, federal, local and foreign regulators, the risk of loss of, or accidental contamination or injury from, these materials cannot be eliminated. If an incident or environmental discharge occurs, or if we discover contamination caused by prior owners and operators of properties we acquire, we could be liable for remediation obligations, damages and fines that could exceed our insurance coverage and financial resources. Such obligations and liabilities, which to date have not been material, could have a material impact on our business and financial condition. Additionally, the cost of compliance with environmental and safety laws and regulations may increase in the future, and we may be required to dedicate more resources, including substantial financial resources, to comply with such laws and regulations or purchase supplemental insurance coverage, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all.

Currency fluctuations and changes in exchange rates could adversely affect our revenue, increase our costs and negatively affect our profitability.

We conduct a substantial portion of our business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and such fluctuations affect our operating results. The exposures result from portions of our revenues, as well as the related receivables and expenses, that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, including the Euro, Japanese Yen, British Pound, Canadian dollar and Turkish Lira. We cannot predict fluctuations in currency exchange rates and such fluctuations in exchange rates (and inflation) could negatively affect our business, cash flow, results of operations, financial position and prospects. We manage a portion of our foreign currency transaction risk within specified guidelines through the use of derivatives. All of our derivative instruments are utilized for risk management purposes, and we do not use derivatives for speculative trading purposes. While our hedging agreements may limit some of the exposure to exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations, such attempts to mitigate these risks may be costly and not always successful and the results may have a material impact on our results of operations.

Risks Related to the Regulatory Environment

We operate in a highly regulated industry and if we or our third-party providers fail to comply with U.S. and 

67

foreign regulations, we or our third party providers could lose our approvals to market our products or our product candidates, and our business may be seriously harmed.

We and our current and future third-party vendors, including contract manufacturers, CROs, distributors and suppliers and logistic providers are subject to rigorous and extensive regulation by governmental authorities around the world, including the FDA, EMA, the competent authorities of the EU Member States and the MHLW. These regulations, many of which are complex, relate to almost all aspects of our business, including GCP, GLP, cGMP and pharmacovigilance rules (for additional information on the regulations relating to our business, see “Business - Government Regulation” in Item 1 elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). If we or a regulatory agency discover new or previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where a product is manufactured (such as product contamination), or in the case of KANUMA, problems with animal operations, a regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that applicable product, the manufacturing facility or us. In 2013, we received a Warning Letter from the FDA relating to compliance with FDA’s cGMP requirements at one of our facilities, which was remediated. If we had failed to address the FDA’s concerns or if we (or one of our third-party contract manufacturers) were to receive another Warning Letter in the future relating to cGMP or other applicable regulations, the FDA or other regulatory authorities could take regulatory action, including fines, civil penalties, recalls, seizure of product, suspension of manufacturing operations, operating restrictions, injunctions, suspension of clinical trials, withdrawal of FDA (or other regulatory authority) approval and/or criminal prosecution.

If we or our third-party providers, including our product or raw material manufacturers, product fill-finish providers, packagers and labelers, fail to comply fully with applicable regulations, then we may be required to, among other things, initiate a recall or withdrawal of our products. In addition to our manufacturing operations and those of our contract manufacturers’ manufacturing operations being subject to inspection and potential regulatory action for failure to comply with (among other regulations) cGMP, our animal operations may also be subject to FDA and U.S. Department of Agriculture, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (USDA APHIS) inspection to evaluate whether our animal husbandry, containment, personnel, and record keeping practices are sufficient to ensure safety and security of our transgenic chickens and animal products (e.g., eggs, waste, etc.). Any failure to ensure safety and security of our transgenic chickens and/or animal products 

could result in regulatory action by the FDA or another regulatory body, including USDA APHIS.

Failure to comply with the laws and requirements that apply to our business, including statutes and regulations, administered by the FDA, the EMA, the competent authorities of the EU Member States, the MHLW or other comparable agencies, could result in:

•
a product recall;

•
a product withdrawal;

•
modification or revision to a product label;

•
significant administrative and judicial sanctions, including, warning letters or untitled letters;

•
significant fines and other civil penalties;

•
suspension, variation or withdrawal of a previously granted approval for our products;

•
interruption, suspension or termination of production;

•
operating restrictions, such as a shutdown of production facilities or production lines, or new manufacturing requirements;

•
suspension or termination of ongoing clinical trials;

•
delays in approving or refusal to approve our products, including pending BLAs, NDAs or BLA or NDA supplements for our products, or a facility that manufactures our products;

•
seizing or detaining product;

•
requiring us or third-parties performing services for us to enter into a consent decree, which can include imposition of various fines, reimbursements for inspection costs, required due dates for specific actions and penalties for noncompliance; 

•
injunctions; and/or 

•
criminal prosecution.

In addition, we are subject to antitrust regulations with respect to interactions with other participants in the markets we currently serve or may serve in the future. These antitrust laws are vigorously enforced in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions in which we operate.

Our product candidates require extensive preclinical and clinical testing and regulatory approval and failure to satisfy regulatory requirements relating to safety and efficacy thresholds may prevent us from being able to market our products and limit our ability to grow our business and diversify our revenue.

We believe our future success may depend on our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates and, to this end, we have acquired 

68

companies and technologies in an effort to expand our product pipeline. Our product candidates are in various stages of development and must satisfy the rigid safety and efficacy requirements of the FDA and other foreign regulatory agencies before they can be approved for sale to patients. To satisfy these standards, we must ensure, among other things, that we have appropriately established our protocol designs, obtained the necessary IRB approval (or comparable approval), provided adequate patient enrollment rates, timely and appropriately reported any adverse events and serious adverse events to the appropriate authorities and ensured compliance with cGLP and cGCP. If we or our third-party clinical trial providers or third-party CROs do not successfully carry out these clinical activities, our clinical trials or the potential regulatory approval of a product candidate may be delayed or be unsuccessful.

If we discover safety or safety reporting issues with any of our approved products, or if we fail to comply with continuing U.S. and applicable foreign regulations as they relate to our products and operations, our revenue may decrease, an approved product could lose its marketing approval or sales could be suspended and our business could be materially harmed.

Following marketing approval of a pharmaceutical product, the safety profile of such product continues to be closely monitored by the FDA and other foreign regulatory authorities. Regulations continue to apply after product approval, and cover, among other things, testing, manufacturing, quality control, finishing, filling, labeling, advertising, promotion, risk mitigation, adverse event reporting requirements and export of biologics and small molecule compounds. Included in the post-approval marketing requirements are, for example, the REMS program for both SOLIRIS and ULTOMIRIS in the U.S., and a REMS program can be updated from time to time by the FDA and such updates can be costly and burdensome to implement. In addition, continued approval for ANDEXXA for its currently approved indication in the US is contingent upon post-marketing study results that verify that clinical benefit is conferred to patients.

 We are required to report any serious and unexpected adverse experiences and certain quality problems with our products to the FDA, the EMA, the MHLW and other health agencies. Adverse safety events involving our products may have a negative impact on our business. Discovery of safety issues with our products could result in product liability claims and could cause additional regulatory scrutiny and requirements for revised labeling, additional safety monitoring, withdrawal of products from the market and the imposition of fines or criminal penalties. In addition, governmental authorities are making greater amounts of safety information directly 

available to the public through periodic safety update reports, patient registries and other reporting requirements. The reporting of adverse safety events may also damage physician, patient and/or investor confidence in our products and our reputation. Any adverse events in connection with the use of our products could result in liabilities, loss of revenues, material write-offs of inventory, material impairments of intangible assets, goodwill and fixed assets, material restructuring charges, product liability claims and other adverse impacts on our results of operations.

Regulatory agencies periodically inspect our pharmacovigilance processes. If these regulatory agencies determine that we or other parties whom we do not control that perform pharmacovigilance-related services on our behalf, including clinical trial investigators and distributors, have not complied with the applicable reporting or other pharmacovigilance requirements, we may become subject to additional inspections, clinical holds, warning letters or other enforcement actions, including monetary fines, marketing authorization withdrawal and other penalties.

As a condition of approval for marketing our products, governmental authorities may require us to conduct additional studies. In connection with the approval of SOLIRIS we established a PNH Registry and an aHUS Registry to collect additional data on patients. Furthermore, in connection with the approval of STRENSIQ in the U.S., we agreed to conduct a prospective observational study in treated patients to assess the long-term safety of STRENSIQ therapy and to develop complementary assays. In the case of ANDEXXA, it was approved under the FDA’s Accelerated Approval Pathway, and received conditional marketing authorization in the EU based on the change from baseline in anti-Factor Xa activity in healthy volunteers and in patients through the ANNEXA-4 trial demonstrating hemostatic efficacy. Continued approval for this indication is contingent upon post-marketing study results that verify that clinical benefit is conferred to patients. In the U.S., the FDA can also propose to withdraw approval for a product if it determines that such additional studies are inadequate or if new clinical data or other information shows that a product is not safe for use in an approved indication.

In addition, similar or more stringent post-approval requirements and obligations may be imposed by the FDA and/or other regulatory agencies with respect to any of our future products that obtain regulatory approval. Compliance with these post-approval requirements could result in increased cost and expense and decrease our operating margins and, if we are unable to comply with these requirements, we may be subject to regulatory action 

69

by the applicable regulatory agency and the penalties may include fines and product withdrawals or restrictions in the use of a product.

If we fail to comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations, including those related to healthcare fraud and abuse, we may be subject to investigations and civil or criminal penalties and our business could be adversely affected.

We are subject to healthcare “fraud and abuse” laws, such as the False Claims Act (FCA), the anti-kickback provisions of the federal Social Security Act, laws prohibiting off-label product promotion and other related federal and state laws and regulations.

The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind to induce, or reward the purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal healthcare programs. Liability may be established without a person or entity having actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or specific intent to violate it. A conviction for violation of the Anti-kickback Statute requires mandatory exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs. The majority of states also have statutes similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and false claims laws that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payer.

The FCA prohibits any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment of government funds, or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim. Pharmaceutical companies have been investigated and have reached substantial financial settlements with the Federal government under the FCA for a variety of alleged promotional and marketing activities, such as allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product; providing consulting fees and other benefits to physicians to induce them to prescribe products (including through the use of speaker programs); engaging in promotion of pharmaceuticals for uses that the FDA has not approved, or “off-label” uses; and submitting inflated best price information to the Medicaid Rebate Program.

We seek to comply with the Anti-Kickback Statute and FCA laws, including operating within any available safe harbors, but we cannot assure that our compliance program, policies and procedures will always protect us from acts committed by employees or third-party distributors or service providers.

There is also enhanced scrutiny of company-sponsored patient assistance programs, including insurance premium and co-pay assistance programs and donations to third-party charities that provide such assistance. In 2019, we settled an investigation by the Department of Justice relating to our support for 501(c)(3) entities. If we, or our vendors or donation recipients, are deemed to fail to comply with relevant laws, regulations or government guidance in the operation of these programs again in the future, we could be subject to significant fines or penalties.

Other related federal and state laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include, among others, the federal False Statements Statute, the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, the HIPAA criminal federal health care fraud statute, the federal Open Payments program, state anti-kickback and false claims acts, and state and local disclosure requirements and marketing restrictions. Additional information about the scope of these requirements and potential penalties is provided under “Government Regulation - Fraud and Abuse” included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

In recent years, legislation has been adopted at the federal, state and local level requiring pharmaceutical companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports or make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials, health care provider payments and other activities. For example, as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the PPACA), the federal government enacted the Open Payments (commonly known as the Sunshine Act) provisions. Open Payments requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to report annually to CMS payments or other transfers of value made by that entity to physicians and teaching hospitals, and, for reports submitted on or after January 1, 2022, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse anesthetists, and certified nurse-midwives. We also now have similar reporting obligations throughout the EU. Failure to comply with the reporting requirements may result in significant civil monetary penalties.

Violations of U.S. federal and state fraud and abuse laws (and comparable laws in foreign jurisdictions) may result in criminal, civil and administrative sanctions, including fines, damages, civil monetary penalties (which may be material in amount) and/or exclusion from federal healthcare programs (including Medicare and Medicaid). Any action initiated against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could require the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity, which could materially 

70

adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.

Finally, the FDA, the EU and EU Member States and the MHLW, among other regulatory agencies, impose restrictions on the promotion and marketing of drug products and prohibit pharmaceutical manufacturers from promoting products for indications other than those cleared or approved by regulatory authorities or for use in manner that is not consistent with the product label approved by regulatory agencies, or off-label promotion. In certain instances, physicians are, however, in their medical judgment permitted to use products for unapproved purposes and we are aware of such uses of SOLIRIS for example. Although we believe that our marketing materials and training programs for physicians do not constitute improper promotion, the FDA, the DOJ, other federal or state government agencies, the EU, EU Member States or the MHLW (or other foreign regulatory agencies) may disagree. If any governmental authority determines that our promotional materials, training or other activities constitute improper promotion of any of our products, it could request that we modify our training or promotional materials (which occurred in 2019 in Japan) or other activities or subject us to regulatory enforcement actions, including the issuance of a warning letter, product withdrawal or recall, injunction, seizure, civil fine and criminal penalties. It is also possible that other enforcement authorities might take action if they believe that the alleged improper promotion led to the submission and payment of claims for an unapproved use, which could result in significant fines or penalties under other statutory authorities, such as laws prohibiting false or fraudulent claims for payment of government funds.

Our business and operations may be materially adversely affected by government investigations.

We are subject to the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations that generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials and/or other persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business and we operate in countries that are recognized as having a greater potential for governmental and commercial corruption. While we have, and continue to, take steps that are intended to enhance our compliance and training programs, we cannot assure that our compliance program, policies and procedures will always protect us from acts committed by employees or third-parties acting on our behalf.

In May 2015, we received a subpoena in connection with an investigation by the Enforcement Division of the SEC requesting information related to our grant-making activities and compliance with the FCPA in various countries, including Brazil, Colombia, 

Japan, Russia and Turkey. In addition, in October 2015, we received a request from the DOJ for the voluntary production of documents and other information pertaining to our compliance with the FCPA. The SEC and DOJ also sought information related to our recalls of specific lots of SOLIRIS and related securities disclosures. DOJ informed us that it closed its inquiry into these matters. We settled the investigation with the SEC in July 2020, and made payment of approximately $21.5 in disgorgement, civil penalties, and pre-judgment interest in connection with the settlement. In addition, following the settlement with the SEC in July 2020, the Ministry of Health in Turkey initiated an investigation regarding the matters referenced in the SEC Order as they relate to the Company’s operations in Turkey between 2010 and 2015 (for more information, see Note 11, 
Commitments and Contingencies
 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). We are cooperating with this investigation.

In May 2017, Brazilian authorities seized records and data from our Sao Paulo, Brazil offices as part of an investigation being conducted into our Brazilian operations. At this time, we are unable to predict the duration, scope or outcome of the open investigations. In addition, even though we have settled the DOJ investigation relating generally to our support of certain 501(c)(3) organizations that was initiated by the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of Massachusetts in December 2016, the SEC investigation (which was settled in July 2020), the DOJ investigation (that was closed by the DOJ in May 2020) and the MHLW closed its 2018 investigation into our Japanese operations, we may be subject to similar investigations in the future by the same or other regulatory agencies and government authorities and the penalties imposed on us may be materially greater in amount or we may be subject to material limitations on our operations, activities and our business. In addition, any remedial actions that have been or will be taken with the intent to address the matters that were the subject of these or other governmental investigations may not prevent future investigations and potential liability as a result of such further investigations.

Any determination that our operations or activities are not, or were not, in compliance with existing U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, could result in the imposition of a broad range of civil and criminal sanctions against us and certain of our directors, officers and/or employees, including injunctive relief, disgorgement, substantial fines or penalties, imprisonment, and other legal or equitable sanctions, including exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid, and other governmental healthcare programs. Any attempts to resolve some or all of these matters may not be successful. If we were to 

71

engage in settlement discussions with respect to any current or future investigation or litigation (and we may accrue amounts due to the nature of such discussions), but the matter is not settled, the ultimate resolution may result in monetary or other penalties materially greater or stricter than the amounts or terms that we proposed in discussions (or the amount that we accrued for such matter during negotiations). Additionally, remediation of any such findings resulting from these and any future investigations could have an adverse effect on our business operations, and we could experience interruptions of business, harm to our reputation, debarment from government contracts, loss of supplier, vendor or other third-party relationships, and necessary licenses and permits could be terminated. Other internal or government investigations or legal or regulatory proceedings, including lawsuits brought by private litigants, may also follow as a consequence. Cooperating with and responding to requests for information in connection with these ongoing investigations, as well as responding to any future U.S., state or foreign governmental investigation or whistleblower lawsuit, has resulted and could continue to result in substantial expenses, and could divert management’s attention from other business concerns and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition and growth prospects.

Our business could be adversely affected by litigation and regulatory enforcement actions. 

We operate in many jurisdictions in a highly regulated industry and we could be subject to litigation, government investigations (as noted above) and enforcement and other legal actions on a variety of matters in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions, including, without limitation, intellectual property, regulatory, product liability, tax and custom/import duties, environmental, whistleblower, Qui Tam, false claims, privacy, anti-kickback, anti-bribery, securities, commercial, employment and other claims and legal proceedings which may arise from conducting our business. We are involved in certain legal proceedings from time to time. See Note 11, 
Commitments and Contingencies
 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on certain of these legal proceedings. In addition, in connection with any acquisitions, we may assume potential liability related to pending legal proceedings of the acquired company. For example, securities class action complaints were filed against Portola and certain officers of Portola alleging violation of the antifraud provisions of the Exchange Act of 1934 and the Securities Act of 1933 due to misrepresentations and omissions in public disclosures concerning sales of andexanet alfa between January 8, 2019 and February 26, 2020. Legal proceedings are inherently 

unpredictable, and the outcome can result in costly verdicts, fines and penalties, exclusion from federal healthcare programs and/or injunctive relief that affect how we operate our business. Defense of litigation claims can be expensive, time consuming and distracting, and it is possible that we could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims for monetary damages or change the way we operate our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. In addition, product liability is a major risk in testing, selling, using and marketing biotechnology and pharmaceutical products. We may face potential product liability exposure in human clinical trials and for products we sell after regulatory approval. Product liability claims, regardless of their merits, could be costly and divert management’s attention and could adversely affect our reputation and the demand for our products and result in significant monetary liability. 

Changes in healthcare laws and implementing regulations, as well as changes in healthcare policy, may affect coverage and reimbursement of our products in ways that we cannot currently predict and these changes could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

In the U.S., there have been a number of legislative and regulatory initiatives focused on containing the cost of healthcare. The PPACA, for example, substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers in the U.S., and significantly impacts the pharmaceutical industry. The PPACA contains a number of provisions that are expected to impact our business and operations, in some cases in ways we cannot currently predict. Changes that may affect our business include those governing enrollment in federal healthcare programs, reimbursement changes, rules regarding prescription drug benefits under health insurance exchanges, expansion of the 340B program, expansion of state Medicaid programs, fraud and abuse enforcement and rules governing the approval of biosimilar and generic products (and allowing biosimilars access to the market in accordance with the FDA’s Biosimilars Action Plan). These changes may impact existing government healthcare programs, industry competition, formulary composition, and may result in the development of new programs, including Medicare payment for performance initiatives, health technology assessments and improvements to the physician quality reporting system and feedback program. In 2016, CMS implemented changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program under the PPACA and promulgated a final regulation in December 2020 implementing further changes to the program, as described in “Government Regulation - U.S. Healthcare Reform and Other U.S. and International 

72

Healthcare Laws” included in Part I, Item 1. Moreover, in the future, Congress could enact legislation that further increases Medicaid drug rebates or other costs and charges associated with participating in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the MFN Model may ultimately be implemented or the executive branch may issue similar pricing or discount initiatives that impact SOLIRIS or our other products. The issuance of regulations and coverage expansion by various governmental agencies relating to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program has and may continue to decrease revenues, increase our costs and the complexity of compliance, has been and may be time-consuming, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

Similar cost-reduction efforts to those in the United States, and in some cases even more aggressive efforts, are being taken by governments to control the costs of pharmaceutical drugs and regulate the industry in countries outside the U.S. In these markets outside the U.S., the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical products is subject to direct or indirect governmental control and such government authorities are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of drug products and due to their control over pricing are able to move quickly to implement pricing changes. In certain cases, governments may challenge the price we charge for our products already delivered to patients under applicable regulations in those countries (and if these governments prevail, we could be required to return amounts to the government or the government may take steps in an attempt to claw-back amounts that were previously paid to us and such amounts may be material). 

We may face uncertainties as a result of federal and administrative efforts to repeal, substantially modify or invalidate some or all of the provisions of the PPACA and with respect to the potential implementation of the MFN Model. There is no assurance that the PPACA or MFN Model, as currently enacted or as amended in the future, will not adversely affect our business and financial results, and we cannot predict how future federal, state or foreign legislative or administrative changes relating to healthcare reform may affect our business. The recent COVID-19 pandemic may introduce temporary or permanent healthcare reform measures for which we cannot predict the financial implication on our business. 

State governments have sought to put in place limits and caps on pharmaceutical prices and have also requested rebates for certain pharmaceuticals. Attempts to decrease prices of pharmaceutical products may lead to increased use of managed care organizations by Medicaid programs which could lead to managed care organizations influencing 

prescription decisions for beneficiaries and a corresponding limitation on prices and reimbursement for our products.

Governments in countries where we operate have adopted or have also shown significant interest in pursuing legislative initiatives to reduce costs of healthcare. We expect that the implementation and enforcement of current laws and policies, the amendment of those laws and policies in the future, as well as the adoption of new laws and policies, could have a material adverse effect on our industry generally and on our ability to maintain or increase our product sales or revenues or successfully commercialize our product candidates, or could limit or eliminate our future spending on development projects and product candidates. The announcement or adoption of regulatory or legislative proposals could delay or prevent our entry into new markets, affect our reimbursement or sales in the markets where we are already selling our products and materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, Medicare, or other governmental pricing programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties, sanctions and fines which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

We participate in and have certain price reporting obligations to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and we have obligations to report the average sales price under the Medicare program. Under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, we are required to pay a rebate to each state Medicaid program for quantities of our products that are dispensed to Medicaid beneficiaries and paid for by a state Medicaid program as a condition of having federal funds being made available to the states for our products under Medicaid and for payment to be available for our products under Medicare Part B. Those rebates are based on pricing data reported by us on a monthly and quarterly basis to CMS. Any failure to comply with these price reporting and rebate payment obligations could negatively impact our financial results.

Pricing and rebate calculations vary among products and programs. The calculations are complex and are often subject to interpretation by us, governmental or regulatory agencies and the courts. We cannot assure you that our submissions will not be found by CMS or other applicable government authorities to be incomplete or incorrect. Governmental agencies may also make changes in program interpretations, requirements or conditions of participation, some of which may have implications for amounts previously estimated or paid. Recalculations 

73

increase our costs for complying with the laws and regulations governing these programs, including the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. Any corrections to our rebate calculations could result in an underage in our rebate liability for past quarters, and such amount may be material. Price recalculations also may affect the ceiling price at which we are required to offer our products to certain covered entities under the 340B pricing program.

We are liable for errors associated with our submission of pricing data. In addition to retroactive rebates and the potential for 340B program refunds, civil monetary penalties can be applied if we are found to have knowingly submitted any false pricing information to the government, if we are found to have made a misrepresentation in the reporting of our average sales price, or if we fail to submit the required pricing data on a timely basis. Such conduct also could be grounds for CMS to terminate our Medicaid drug rebate agreement, pursuant to which we participate in the Medicaid program. In the event that CMS terminates our rebate agreement, federal payments may not be available under Medicaid or Medicare Part B for our covered outpatient drugs and any such actions could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 

The Public Health Service’s 340B drug pricing program, and other comparable government and payer regulations, may have a negative impact on the price we can charge for our products and result in a decrease in revenues.

Federal law requires that any manufacturer that participates in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program also participate in the Public Health Service’s 340B drug pricing program in order for federal funds to be available for the manufacturer’s drugs under Medicaid and Medicare Part B. The 340B pricing program requires participating manufacturers to agree to charge statutorily-defined covered entities no more than the 340B “ceiling price” for the manufacturer’s covered outpatient drugs. The 340B pricing program is described in “Government Regulation – Pharmaceutical Pricing and Reimbursement” included in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The 340B ceiling price is calculated using a statutory formula, which is based on the average manufacturer price and rebate amount for the covered outpatient drug as calculated under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. We are a participant in the 340B drug pricing program and are, for the applicable covered entities, subject to the price ceiling. Any changes to the 340B drug pricing program, including:

•
the method of calculating the 340B ceiling price for our products;

•
any expansion of the entities that qualify as covered entities; and 

•
other programmatic changes

could have a material and negative impact our revenue and results of operations.

Pursuant to a final rule adopted on January 1, 2019, we could be subject to civil monetary penalties if the government finds that we knowingly and intentionally overcharged a 340B covered entity. In addition, the 340B pricing program also obligates a manufacturer to offer the 340B price to covered entities if the manufacturer makes the drug available to any other purchaser at any price and to report to the government the ceiling prices for its drugs.

Beyond the Public Health Service’s 340B drug pricing program, federal law requires that a company must participate in the Department of Veterans Affairs Federal Supply Schedule (FFS) pricing program to be eligible to have its products paid for with federal funds. If we overcharge the government in connection with our FSS contract or Section 703 Agreement, whether due to a misstated FCP or otherwise, we are required to refund the difference to the government. Failure to make necessary disclosures and/or to identify contract overcharges can result in allegations against us under the FCA and other laws and regulations. Unexpected refunds to the government, and responding to a government investigation or enforcement action with respect to our pricing or participation in government health programs, may be expensive, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.

We may be subject to numerous and varying privacy and security laws, and our failure to comply could result in penalties and reputational damage.

We are subject to laws and regulations covering data privacy and the protection of personal information including health information. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues which have affected and may affect our business. In the U.S., numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including state security breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws, which govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of personal information. Each of these laws is subject to varying interpretations by courts and government agencies, creating complex compliance issues for us. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to penalties or sanctions, including criminal penalties if we, our affiliates, or our agents knowingly obtain or disclose individually identifiable health information from a HIPAA covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA.

74

In addition, numerous proposals regarding privacy and data protection are pending before U.S. and non-U.S. legislative and regulatory bodies. For example, in the U.S., the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) became effective as of January 1, 2020, and the California Attorney General finalized regulations and began enforcement of the CCPA on July 1, 2020. However, obligations under the CCPA also continue to evolve, as the California Attorney General has proposed further modifications to the regulations. Moreover, the CCPA was amended by a ballot initiative, the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), which was included on the November 2020 ballot in California and approved by California voters. The majority of CPRA provisions will go into effect on January 1, 2023 and will require additional investment in compliance programs and potential modifications to business processes.

Numerous other countries have, or are developing, laws governing the collection, use and transmission of personal information as well. Further, the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and implementing laws in the EU member states govern the collection and processing of EU residents’ personal data and, among other requirements, imposes certain consent and data access rights. Such laws may impact, among other things, our ability to conduct clinical trials that involve EU personal data and engage in other activities that require the processing of EU personal data and in particular international transfers of personal data. These laws are complex, subject to interpretation by local authorities, and any determination that we breached such laws could lead to government enforcement actions, significant penalties and these may adversely impact our operating results. 

Privacy and data protection laws, industry standards, regulations and regulatory enforcement in the U.S. and internationally continue to evolve. In May 2018, the EU’s GDPR, which applies in all EU Member States, went into effect. The regulation introduced comprehensive data protection requirements in the EU and substantial fines for breaches of the data protection rules. It increased our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms ensuring compliance with evolving EU data protection rules. The GDPR also includes restrictions on the transfers of personal data from the EU to jurisdictions that have not been deemed to provide essentially equivalent data protection safeguards through national laws outside of certain legal transfer mechanisms. In July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield as one means of transferring data to the United States, and called for additional assessments in the context of reliance upon standard contractual clauses. While Alexion was not Privacy 

Shield certified, additional compliance efforts may be needed to respond to evolving EU regulatory guidance. Any determination that we are not in compliance with such requirements could lead to government enforcement actions and significant penalties, which may adversely impact our operations.

Security breaches, cyber-attacks, other disruptions to, or vulnerabilities in, our information technology systems and infrastructure, or those of our clients, partners, counterparties, or other third-party service providers on which we rely, could expose us to liability and affect our business and reputation.

We are increasingly dependent on our information technology systems and infrastructure for our business. We collect, store and transmit sensitive information including intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information in connection with business operations. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Some of this information could be an attractive target of criminal attack by third parties with a wide range of motives and expertise, including organized criminal groups, “hacktivists,” patient groups, disgruntled current or former employees and others. Cyber-attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication, and despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to such attacks or may be breached, including due to employee error or malfeasance. We have implemented information security measures designed to protect patients’ personal information and other corporate information (including proprietary information) against the risk of inappropriate and unauthorized external use and disclosure. However, despite these measures, and due to the ever-changing information cyber-threat landscape, we may be subject to data breaches through cyber-attacks. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. If our information technology systems become compromised, we may not promptly discover the intrusion. Like other companies in our industry, we have experienced attacks to our data and systems, including malware and computer viruses. If our systems failed or were breached or disrupted, we could lose product sales, and suffer reputational damage and loss of customer confidence. Such incidents may result in notification obligations to affected individuals and government agencies, legal claims or proceedings, and liability under foreign, federal and state laws that protect the privacy and security of personal information. Our proprietary and confidential information may also be accessed. Any one of these events could cause our business to be materially harmed and our results of operations may be adversely impacted.

75

Additionally, in response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we have generally required all employees who are able to work from home to do so until further notice. As a result of these measures, and as our employees continue to work from home and access our systems remotely, we may be subject to heightened information security risks, including the risk of cyber attacks.

Negative public opinion and increased regulatory scrutiny of recombinant and transgenic products, genetically modified products and genetically modified animals generally may damage public perception of our KANUMA product.

KANUMA is a transgenic product produced in the egg whites of genetically modified chickens who receive copies of the human lysosomal acid lipase gene to produce recombinant human lysosomal acid lipase. The success of KANUMA may depend, in part, on public attitudes of the use of genetic engineering. Public attitudes may be influenced by claims and perceptions that these types of activities or products are unsafe, and our products may not gain sufficient acceptance by, or fall out of favor with, the public or the medical community. Negative public attitudes to genetic engineering activities in general could result in more restrictive legislation or regulations and could impede our ability to conduct our business, delay preclinical or clinical studies, or otherwise prevent us from commercializing our product.

Risks Related to Our Common Stock

Our stock price is volatile.

The trading price of our common stock has been volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future. Many factors could have an impact on our stock price, including fluctuations in our or our competitors’ operating results, clinical trial results or adverse events associated with our products or our competitors' products, product development by us or our competitors, changes in laws, including healthcare, tax or intellectual property laws, intellectual property developments, changes in reimbursement or drug pricing, the existence or outcome of litigation or government proceedings, including the Chugai lawsuits alleging patent infringement, acquisitions or other strategic transactions, and the perceptions of our investors that we are not performing or meeting expectations. In addition, the sales of our common stock by our officers, directors, or by any entities that an officer or director may be affiliated with, may have caused our stock price to drop in the past and any future sales by such officer, director or affiliate (or the perception that such sales could occur) may have a negative impact on our stock price. The trading price of the common stock of many biopharmaceutical companies, including ours, has experienced price and volume fluctuations, which have at times been unrelated to 

the operating performance of the companies whose stocks were affected.

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter and bylaws and under Delaware law could make a third-party acquisition of us difficult and may frustrate any attempt to remove or replace our current management.

Our corporate charter and by-law provisions may discourage certain types of transactions involving an actual or potential change of control that might be beneficial to us or our stockholders. Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the President, the Secretary, or a majority of the Board of Directors, or upon the written request of stockholders who together own of record 25.0% of the outstanding stock of all classes entitled to vote at such meeting. Our bylaws also specify that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the Board of Directors. Our charter does not include a provision for cumulative voting for directors, which may have enabled a minority stockholder holding a sufficient percentage of a class of shares to elect one or more directors. Under our charter, our Board of Directors has the authority, without further action by stockholders, to designate up to five million shares of preferred stock in one or more series. The rights of the holders of common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any class or series of preferred stock that may be issued in the future.

Because we are a Delaware corporation, the anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change in control may be beneficial to stockholders. We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Laws, which prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15.0% of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15.0% of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner.

Our amended and restated bylaws designate the courts located in the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain an alternate judicial forum for disputes with us.

Our amended and restated bylaws designate that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternate forum, the state courts located in the State of Delaware (or if no state court within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the State of Delaware) will be the sole and 

76

exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on or on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company’s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer or other employee of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Company Law or the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation or the bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer or other employee of the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As a stockholder in our Company, you are deemed to have notice of and have consented to the provisions of our amended and restated bylaws related to choice of forum. The choice of forum provision in our amended and restated bylaws may limit your ability to obtain an alternate judicial forum for disputes with us.

77