The following factors could materially affect Applied’s
 business, financial condition or results of operations and
 should be carefully considered in evaluating the Company and its
 business, in addition to other information presented elsewhere
 in this report.

 The
 industries that Applied serves are volatile and
 unpredictable.

 As a supplier to the global semiconductor, flat panel display,
 solar and related industries, Applied is subject to business
 cycles, the timing, length and volatility of which can be
 difficult to predict and which may vary by reportable segment.
 The industries have historically been cyclical due to sudden
 changes in customers’ manufacturing capacity requirements
 and spending, which depend in part on capacity utilization,
 demand for customers’ products, and inventory levels
 relative to demand. The effects on Applied of these changes in
 demand, including end-customer demand, are occurring more
 rapidly. These changes have affected the timing and amounts of
 customers’ purchases and investments in technology, and
 continue to affect Applied’s orders, net sales, gross
 margin, contributed profit and results of operations.

 Applied must effectively manage its resources and production
 capacity to meet rapidly changing demand. During periods of
 decreasing demand Applied’s products, Applied must be able
 to appropriately align its cost structure with prevailing market
 conditions, motivate and retain key employees, and effectively
 manage its supply chain. During periods of increasing demand,
 Applied must have sufficient manufacturing capacity and
 inventory to meet customer demand; attract, retain and motivate
 a sufficient number of qualified individuals; and effectively
 manage its supply chain. If Applied is not able to timely and
 appropriately adapt to changes in industry cycles,
 Applied’s business, financial condition or results of
 operations may be materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes in the
 semiconductor and
 semiconductor-related
 industries.

 The global industries in which Applied operates are
 characterized by ongoing changes, including: (1) higher
 capital requirements for building and operating new
 semiconductor and LCD fabrication plants and the resulting
 effect on customers’ ability to raise the necessary
 capital; (2) differing rates of market growth for, and
 capital investments by, various semiconductor device makers,
 such as memory (including NAND Flash and DRAM), logic and
 foundry, as well as LCD and solar manufacturers;
 (3) industry growth rates; (4) the increasing cost and
 decreasing affordability of research and development due to many
 factors, including decreasing linewidths, the increasing number
 of materials, applications and process steps, and the greater
 complexity of process development and chip design; (5) the
 increasing difficulty for customers to move from product design
 to volume manufacturing; (6) the importance of reducing the
 cost of system ownership, due in part to the increasing
 significance of consumer electronics as a driver for
 semiconductor and LCD demand and the related focus on lower
 prices; (7) varying levels of business information
 technology spending; (8) the heightened importance to
 customers of system reliability and productivity, and the effect
 on demand for systems as a result of their increasing
 productivity, device yield and reliability; (9) the growing
 types and varieties of semiconductors and expanding number of
 applications across multiple substrate sizes, resulting in
 customers’ divergent technical demands; (10) demand
 for shorter cycle times for the development, manufacture and
 installation of manufacturing equipment; (11) the challenge
 to semiconductor manufacturers of moving volume manufacturing
 from one technology node to the next smaller technology node,
 and the resulting impact on the technology transition rate and
 the rate of investment in capital equipment; (12) price
 trends for certain semiconductor devices and LCDs;
 (13) difficulties associated with transitioning to larger
 substrate sizes; and (14) the increasing importance of the
 availability of spare parts to assure maximum system uptime. If
 Applied does not successfully manage the risks resulting from
 the ongoing changes occurring in the semiconductor and
 semiconductor-related industries, its business, financial
 condition and results of operations could be materially and
 adversely affected.

 13

Table of Contents

 Applied
 must adapt its business and product offerings to respond to
 competition and rapid technological changes.

 As Applied operates in a highly competitive environment, its
 future success depends on many factors, including the effective
 development, commercialization and customer acceptance of its
 nanomanufacturing technology equipment, service and related
 products. In addition, Applied must successfully execute its
 growth strategy, including enhancing market share in existing
 markets, expanding into related markets, and cultivating new
 markets, while constantly improving its operational performance.
 The development, introduction and support of a broadening set of
 products in more varied competitive environments have grown
 increasingly complex and expensive over time. Applied’s
 success is subject to many risks, including but not limited to
 its ability to timely, cost-effectively and successfully:
 (1) improve
 and/or
 develop new applications for existing products, adapt similar
 products for use by customers in different applications

and/or
 markets with varying technical requirements, and develop new
 products; (2) appropriately price and achieve market
 acceptance of products; (3) maintain operating flexibility
 to enable different responses to different markets, customers
 and applications; (4) appropriately allocate resources,
 including RD&E funding, among Applied’s products and
 between the development of new products and the improvement of
 existing products; (5) accurately forecast demand and meet
 production schedules for its products; (6) achieve cost
 efficiencies across product offerings; (7) increase market
 share in existing markets, expand its markets and exceed the
 industry growth rate; (8) adapt to technology changes in
 related markets, such as lithography; (9) adapt to changes
 in value offered by companies in different parts of the supply
 chain; (10) qualify products for volume manufacturing with
 its customers; (11) implement changes in its design
 engineering methodology, including those that enable significant
 decreases in material costs and cycle time, greater commonality
 of platforms and types of parts used in different systems, and
 greater effectiveness of product life cycle management; and
 (12) improve its manufacturing processes. Furthermore, new
 or improved products may involve higher costs and reduced
 margins. If Applied does not successfully manage these
 challenges, its business, financial condition and results of
 operations could be materially and adversely affected.

 The
 entry into new markets and industries entails additional
 challenges.

 As part of its growth strategy, Applied must successfully expand
 into related or new markets and industries, either with its
 existing nanomanufacturing technology products or with new
 products developed internally or obtained through acquisitions.
 These include the emerging solar market, which Applied entered
 in 2006 and which is subject to ongoing changes in demand for
 photovoltaic (PV) products arising from, among other things,
 fluctuations in the cost of electric power, availability of
 government incentives, changes in government energy policies,
 the performance and reliability of PV technology, and the
 success of other renewable energy sources. The entry into
 different markets involves additional challenges, including
 those arising from: (1) Applied’s ability to
 anticipate demand and capitalize on opportunities, and avoid or
 minimize risks; (2) new customers and suppliers, including
 some with limited operating histories, uncertain
 and/or
 limited funding,

and/or
 locations in regions where Applied does not have existing
 operations; (3) the adoption of new business models, such
 as the supply of a suite of Applied and non-Applied equipment
 sufficient to manufacture solar cells; (4) difficulties in
 production planning and execution; (5) new materials,
 processes and technologies; (6) Applied’s ability to
 drive efficiencies and cost reductions; (7) the need to
 attract, motivate and retain employees with skills and expertise
 in these new areas; (8) different service requirements; and
 (9) intellectual property rights of others. If Applied does
 not successfully manage the risks resulting from entry into new
 markets and industries, its business, financial condition and
 results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 is exposed to the risks of operating a global
 business.

 In fiscal 2007, approximately 84 percent of Applied’s
 net sales were to customers in regions outside the
 United States. A rising percentage of Applied’s
 business is from customers in Asia. Certain of Applied’s
 RD&E
 and/or
 manufacturing facilities, as well as suppliers to Applied, are
 also located outside the United States, including in China.
 Managing Applied’s global operations presents challenges,
 including but not limited to, those arising from:
 (1) global uncertainties with respect to economic growth
 rates in various countries; (2) varying regional and
 geopolitical business conditions and demands; (3) global
 trade issues; (4) variations in protection of intellectual
 property and other legal rights in different countries;
 (5) concerns of U.S. governmental agencies regarding
 possible

 14

Table of Contents

 national commercial
 and/or
 security issues posed by the growing manufacturing business in
 Asia; (6) fluctuating raw material and energy costs;
 (7) variations in the ability to develop relationships with
 suppliers and other local businesses; (8) changes in laws
 and regulations of the United States (including export
 restrictions) and other countries, as well as their
 interpretation and application; (9) fluctuations in
 interest rates and currency exchange rates, including the
 weakening relative position of the U.S. dollar;
 (10) the need to provide sufficient levels of technical
 support in different locations; (11) political instability,
 natural disasters (such as earthquakes, floods or storms),
 pandemics, terrorism or acts of war in locations where Applied
 has operations, suppliers or sales; (12) cultural
 differences; (13) special customer- or government-supported
 efforts to promote the development and growth of local
 competitors; (14) shipping costs

and/or
 delays; and (15) adverse conditions in credit markets. Many
 of these challenges are present in China, which is experiencing
 significant growth of both suppliers and competitors to Applied,
 and which Applied believes presents a large potential market for
 its products and opportunity for growth over the long term. In
 addition, Applied must regularly reassess the size, capability
 and location of its global infrastructure and make appropriate
 changes. These challenges may materially and adversely affect
 Applied’s business, financial condition and results of
 operations.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks associated with a highly concentrated
 customer base in the semiconductor and flat panel display
 industries.

 Applied’s semiconductor and flat panel display customer
 base historically has been, and is becoming even more, highly
 concentrated. Orders from a relatively limited number of
 manufacturers have accounted for, and are expected to continue
 to account for, a substantial portion of Applied’s net
 sales. In addition, the mix and type of customers, and sales to
 any single customer, may vary significantly from quarter to
 quarter and from year to year. If customers do not place orders,
 or they delay or cancel orders, Applied may not be able to
 replace the business. As Applied’s products are configured
 to customer specifications, changing, rescheduling or canceling
 orders may result in significant, non-recoverable costs. Major
 customers may also seek, and on occasion receive, pricing,
 payment, intellectual property-related, or other commercial
 terms that are less favorable to Applied. In addition, certain
 customers have undergone significant ownership changes, have
 outsourced manufacturing activities,
 and/or have
 entered into strategic alliances or industry consortia that have
 increased the influence of key semiconductor manufacturers in
 technology decisions made by their partners, which may result in
 additional complexities in managing customer relationships and
 transactions. These factors could have a material, adverse
 effect on Applied’s business, financial condition and
 results of operations.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks associated with acquisitions and strategic
 investments.

 Applied has made, and in the future intends to make,
 acquisitions of, and investments in, companies, technologies or
 products in existing, related or new markets for Applied.
 Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including but not limited
 to: (1) diversion of management’s attention from other
 operational matters; (2) inability to complete acquisitions
 as anticipated or at all; (3) inability to realize
 anticipated benefits; (4) failure to commercialize
 purchased technologies; (5) inability to capitalize on
 characteristics of new markets that may be significantly
 different from Applied’s existing markets;
 (6) exposure to operational risks, rules and regulations to
 the extent such activities are located in countries where
 Applied has not historically done business; (7) inability
 to obtain and protect intellectual property rights in key
 technologies; (8) ineffectiveness of an acquired
 company’s internal controls; (9) impairment of
 acquired intangible assets as a result of technological
 advancements or worse-than-expected performance of the acquired
 company or its product offerings; (10) unknown,
 underestimated
 and/or
 undisclosed commitments or liabilities; (11) excess or
 underutilized facilities; and (12) ineffective integration
 of operations, technologies, products or employees of the
 acquired companies. Applied also makes strategic investments in
 other companies, including companies formed as joint ventures,
 which may decline in value

and/or not
 meet desired objectives. The success of these investments
 depends on various factors over which Applied may have limited
 or no control and, particularly with respect to joint ventures,
 requires ongoing and effective cooperation with strategic
 partners. Mergers and acquisitions and strategic investments are
 inherently subject to significant risks, and the inability to
 effectively manage these risks could materially and adversely
 affect Applied’s business, financial condition and results
 of operations.

 15

Table of Contents

 Manufacturing
 interruptions or delays could affect Applied’s ability to
 meet customer demand, while the failure to estimate customer
 demand accurately could result in excess or obsolete
 inventory.

 Applied’s business depends on its ability to supply
 equipment, services and related products that meet the rapidly
 changing technical and volume requirements of its customers,
 which depends in part on the timely delivery of parts,
 components and subassemblies (collectively, parts) from
 suppliers. Some key parts may be subject to long lead-times
 and/or
 obtainable only from a single supplier or limited group of
 suppliers, and some sourcing or subassembly is provided by
 suppliers in developing regions, including China. Significant
 interruptions of manufacturing operations or the delivery of
 services as a result of: (1) the failure or inability of
 suppliers to timely deliver quality parts; (2) volatility
 in the availability and cost of materials; (3) difficulties
 or delays in obtaining required export approvals;
 (4) information technology or infrastructure failures;
 (5) natural disasters (such as earthquakes, floods or
 storms); or (6) other causes (such as regional economic
 downturns, pandemics, political instability, terrorism, or acts
 of war), could result in delayed deliveries, manufacturing
 inefficiencies, increased costs or order cancellations.
 Moreover, if actual demand for Applied’s products is
 different than expected, Applied may purchase more/fewer parts
 than necessary or incur costs for canceling, postponing or
 expediting delivery of parts. Any or all of these factors could
 materially and adversely affect Applied’s business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 The
 failure to successfully implement and conduct offshoring and
 outsourcing activities and other operational initiatives could
 adversely affect results of operations.

 To better align its costs with market conditions, increase its
 presence in growing markets, improve its tax structure, and
 enhance productivity and operational efficiency, Applied
 conducts engineering, software development and other operations
 in regions outside the United States, particularly India and
 China, and outsources certain functions to third parties,
 including companies in the United States, India, China and other
 countries. Outsourced functions include certain engineering,
 manufacturing, customer support, software development,
 information technology support and administrative activities.
 The expanding role of third party providers has required changes
 to Applied’s existing operations and the adoption of new
 procedures and processes for retaining and managing these
 providers in order to realize the potential productivity and
 operational efficiencies, assure quality and protect
 Applied’s intellectual property. In addition, Applied has
 implemented several key, operational initiatives intended to
 improve manufacturing efficiency, including integrate-to-order,
 module-final-test and
 merge-in-transit
 programs. Applied also is implementing a multi-year,
 company-wide program to transform certain business processes,
 which includes transitioning to a single-vendor, enterprise
 resource planning (ERP) software system to perform various
 functions. If Applied does not effectively develop and implement
 its offshoring and outsourcing strategies, if required export
 and other governmental approvals are not timely obtained, if
 Applied’s third party providers do not perform as
 anticipated, or if there are delays or difficulties in
 implementing a new ERP system or enhancing business processes,
 Applied may not realize anticipated productivity improvements or
 cost efficiencies, and may experience operational difficulties,
 increased costs, manufacturing interruptions or delays, loss of
 its intellectual property rights, quality issues, increased
 product time-to-market

and/or
 inefficient allocation of human resources, any or all of which
 could materially and adversely affect Applied’s business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 The
 ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees is vital
 to Applied’s success.

 Applied’s success and competitiveness depend in large part
 on its ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees.
 Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors,
 including fluctuations in global economic and industry
 conditions, changes in Applied’s management or leadership,
 competitors’ hiring practices, and the effectiveness of
 Applied’s compensation programs, including its equity-based
 programs. Applied regularly evaluates its overall compensation
 program and makes adjustments, as appropriate, to enhance its
 competitiveness. If Applied does not successfully attract,
 retain and motivate key employees, Applied’s ability to
 capitalize on its opportunities and its operating results may be
 materially and adversely affected.

 16

Table of Contents

 Changes
 in tax rates or tax liabilities could affect results of
 operations.

 As a global company, Applied is subject to taxation in the
 United States and various other countries. Significant judgment
 is required to determine and estimate worldwide tax liabilities.
 Applied’s future annual and quarterly tax rates could be
 affected by numerous factors, including changes in the:
 (1) applicable tax laws; (2) composition of earnings
 in countries with differing tax rates; or (3) valuation of
 Applied’s deferred tax assets and liabilities. In addition,
 Applied is subject to regular examination of its income tax
 returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax
 authorities. Applied regularly assesses the likelihood of
 favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from these
 examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for
 income taxes. Although Applied believes its tax estimates are
 reasonable, there can be no assurance that any final
 determination will not be materially different from the
 treatment reflected in Applied’s historical income tax
 provisions and accruals, which could materially and adversely
 affect Applied’s results of operations.

 Applied
 is exposed to various risks related to legal proceedings or
 claims and protection of intellectual property
 rights.

 Applied from time to time is, and in the future may be, involved
 in legal proceedings or claims regarding patent infringement,
 intellectual property rights, antitrust, environmental
 regulations, securities, contracts, product performance, product
 liability, unfair competition, employment and other matters. In
 addition, Applied on occasion receives notification from
 customers who believe that Applied owes them indemnification or
 other obligations related to claims made against customers by
 third parties. These legal proceedings and claims, whether with
 or without merit, may be time-consuming and expensive to
 prosecute or defend and also divert management’s attention
 and resources. There can be no assurance regarding the outcome
 of current or future legal proceedings or claims. Applied
 previously entered into a mutual covenant-not-to-sue arrangement
 with one of its competitors to decrease the risk of patent
 infringement lawsuits in the future. There can be no assurance
 that the intended results of this arrangement will be achieved
 or that Applied will be able to adequately protect its
 intellectual property rights with the restrictions associated
 with such a covenant. In addition, Applied’s success
 depends in significant part on the protection of its
 intellectual property and other rights. Infringement of
 Applied’s rights by a third party, such as the unauthorized
 manufacture or sale of equipment or spare parts, could result in
 uncompensated lost market and revenue opportunities for Applied.
 Applied’s intellectual property rights may not provide
 significant competitive advantages if they are circumvented,
 invalidated, rendered obsolete by the rapid pace of
 technological change, or if Applied does not adequately assert
 these rights. Furthermore, the laws and practices of other
 countries, including China, Taiwan and Korea, permit the
 protection and enforcement of Applied’s rights to varying
 extents, which may not be sufficient to protect Applied’s
 rights. If Applied is not able to obtain or enforce intellectual
 property rights, resolve or settle claims, obtain necessary
 licenses on commercially reasonable terms,
 and/or
 successfully prosecute or defend its position, Applied’s
 business, financial condition and results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 is subject to risks of non-compliance with environmental and
 safety regulations.

 Applied is subject to environmental and safety regulations in
 connection with its global business operations, including but
 not limited to: regulations related to the development,
 manufacture and use of its products; recycling and disposal of
 materials used in its products; the operation of its facilities;
 and the use of its real property. The failure or inability to
 comply with existing or future environmental and safety
 regulations could result in: (1) significant remediation
 liabilities; (2) the imposition of fines; (3) the
 suspension or termination of the development, manufacture, sale
 or use of certain of its products; (4) limitations on the
 operation of its facilities or ability to use its real property;
 and/or
 (5) a decrease in the value of its real property, each of
 which could have a material adverse effect on Applied’s
 business, financial condition and results of operations.

 Applied
 is exposed to various risks related to the regulatory
 environment.

 Applied is subject to various risks related to: (1) new,
 different, inconsistent or even conflicting laws, rules and
 regulations that may be enacted by legislative bodies
 and/or
 regulatory agencies in the countries in which Applied operates;
 (2) disagreements or disputes between national or regional
 regulatory agencies related to international trade; and
 (3) the interpretation and application of laws, rules and
 regulations. If Applied is found by a court or

 17

Table of Contents

 regulatory agency not to be in compliance with applicable laws,
 rules or regulations, Applied’s business, financial
 condition and results of operations could be materially and
 adversely affected.

 Applied
 is subject to internal control evaluations and attestation
 requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act.

 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
 Applied must include in its Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 a report of management on the effectiveness of Applied’s
 internal control over financial reporting. Ongoing compliance
 with this requirement is complex, costly and time-consuming. If:
 (1) Applied fails to maintain effective internal control
 over financial reporting; (2) Applied’s management
 does not timely assess the adequacy of such internal control; or
 (3) Applied’s independent registered public accounting
 firm does not timely deliver an unqualified opinion as to the
 effectiveness of Applied’s internal controls, Applied could
 be subject to regulatory sanctions and the public’s
 perception of Applied may decline.