The following factors could materially affect Applied’s
 business, financial condition or results of operations and
 should be carefully considered in evaluating the Company and its
 business, in addition to other information presented elsewhere
 in this report.

 The
 industries that Applied serves are volatile and
 unpredictable.

 As a supplier to the global semiconductor, flat panel display,
 solar and related industries, Applied is subject to business
 cycles, the timing, length and volatility of which can be
 difficult to predict and which vary by reportable segment. These
 industries historically have been cyclical due to sudden changes
 in customers’ manufacturing capacity requirements and
 spending, which depend in part on capacity utilization, demand
 for customers’ products, inventory levels relative to
 demand, and access to affordable capital. These changes have
 affected the timing and amounts of customers’ purchases and
 investments in technology, and continue to affect Applied’s
 orders, net sales, operating expenses and net income.

 To meet rapidly changing demand in each of the industries it
 serves, Applied must effectively manage its resources and
 production capacity for each of its segments and across multiple
 segments. During periods of decreasing demand for Applied’s
 products, Applied must be able to appropriately align its cost
 structure with prevailing market conditions; effectively manage
 its supply chain; and motivate and retain key employees. During
 periods of increasing demand, Applied must have sufficient
 manufacturing capacity and inventory to meet customer

 13

Table of Contents

 demand; effectively manage its supply chain; and attract, retain
 and motivate a sufficient number of qualified individuals. If
 Applied is not able to timely and appropriately adapt to changes
 in its business environment, Applied’s business, financial
 condition or results of operations may be materially and
 adversely affected.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks associated with the ongoing financial crisis
 and weakening global economy.

 The recent severe tightening of the credit markets, turmoil in
 the financial markets, and weakening global economy are
 contributing to slowdowns in the industries in which Applied
 operates, which slowdowns are expected to worsen if these
 economic conditions are prolonged or deteriorate further. The
 markets for semiconductors and flat panel displays in particular
 depend largely on consumer spending. Economic uncertainty
 exacerbates negative trends in consumer spending and may cause
 certain Applied customers to push out, cancel, or refrain from
 placing equipment or service orders, which may affect
 Applied’s ability to convert backlog to sales and reduce
 net sales. Difficulties in obtaining capital and deteriorating
 market conditions may also lead to the inability of some
 customers to obtain affordable financing, resulting in lower
 sales for Applied. Customers with liquidity issues may lead to
 additional bad debt expense for Applied. These conditions may
 also similarly affect key suppliers, which could affect their
 ability to deliver parts and result in delays for Applied’s
 products. Further, these conditions and uncertainty about future
 economic conditions make it challenging for Applied to forecast
 its operating results, make business decisions, and identify the
 risks that may affect its business, financial condition and
 results of operations. In addition, Applied maintains an
 investment portfolio that is subject to general credit,
 liquidity, market and interest rate risks that may be
 exacerbated by deteriorating financial market conditions and, as
 a result, the value and liquidity of the investment portfolio
 could be negatively impacted and lead to impairment. If Applied
 is not able to timely and appropriately adapt to changes
 resulting from the difficult macroeconomic environment,
 Applied’s business, financial condition or results of
 operations may be materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes in the
 various industries in which it operates.

 The global semiconductor, flat panel display, solar and related
 industries in which Applied operates are characterized by
 ongoing changes affecting some or all of these industries,
 including:

 • 

 increasing capital requirements for building and operating new
 fabrication plants and the resulting effect on customers’
 ability to raise the necessary capital;

 • 

 the varying growth rates of the semiconductor, display and solar
 equipment industries;

 • 

 the increasing cost and complexity for customers to move from
 product design to volume manufacturing and the resulting impact
 on new technology adoption rates;

 • 

 the importance of reducing the total cost of system ownership,
 due in part to the increasing significance of lower-cost
 consumer electronics as a driver for semiconductor and LCD
 demand;

 • 

 fluctuating levels of business information technology spending;

 • 

 the heightened importance to customers of system reliability and
 productivity and the effect on demand for systems as a result of
 their increasing productivity, device yield and reliability;

 • 

 demand for shorter cycle times for the development, manufacture
 and installation of manufacturing equipment;

 • 

 price and performance trends for semiconductor devices, LCDs and
 solar PVs, and the corresponding effect on demand for such
 products;

 • 

 the increasing importance of spare parts availability to
 maximize system uptime;

 • 

 the increasing role for and complexity of software; and

 • 

 the increasing focus on energy usage, the environment and
 sustainability.

 If Applied does not successfully manage the risks resulting from
 the ongoing changes occurring in the semiconductor, flat panel
 display, solar and related industries, its business, financial
 condition and results of operations could be materially and
 adversely affected.

 14

Table of Contents

 Applied
 is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes specific to
 the semiconductor industry.

 The largest portion of Applied’s revenues historically has
 come from sales of manufacturing equipment to the global
 semiconductor industry, and this business historically has also
 been the most profitable. Changes in the semiconductor industry
 may lead to a decrease in the percentage of Applied’s
 revenue attributable to its semiconductor equipment business as
 a percentage of overall revenue, which in turn can negatively
 impact the Company’s net income. In addition to the general
 industry changes described in the preceding risk factor, the
 semiconductor industry is characterized by ongoing changes
 particular to that industry, including:

 • 

 the increasing cost of semiconductor R&D due to many
 factors, including decreasing linewidths, the increasing number
 of materials, device structures, applications and process steps,
 and the increasing cost, complexity and integration of
 manufacturing process development and chip design;

 • 

 the growing types and varieties of semiconductors and expanding
 number of applications across multiple substrate sizes,
 resulting in divergent technical demands;

 • 

 differing rates of market growth for, and capital investments
 by, various semiconductor device makers, such as memory
 (including NAND flash and DRAM), logic and foundry;

 • 

 the increasing cost and complexity for semiconductor
 manufacturers to move volume manufacturing from one technology
 node to the next smaller technology node, and the resulting
 impact on the technology transition rate and the rate of
 investment in capital equipment;

 • 

 the effect of the decreasing number of new chip designs on the
 rate of capital equipment investment;

 • 

 technology changes in related markets, such as lithography;

 • 

 the increasing fragmentation of certain markets for
 semiconductors and the resulting effect on the number of
 individual markets that have the ability to financially justify
 the cost of a new fabrication plant;

 • 

 the cost, technical complexity and timing of a proposed
 transition from 300 mm to 450 mm wafers; and

 • 

 increasing costs, complexity and competitiveness in the
 semiconductor industry that has resulted in the decreasing
 profitability of many manufacturers, causing them to enter into
 collaboration, cooperation or cost-sharing arrangements with
 other manufacturers, to outsource some or all manufacturing
 activities, or to focus on particular markets or applications.

 If Applied does not successfully manage the risks resulting from
 the ongoing changes occurring in the semiconductor industry, its
 business, financial condition and results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes specific to
 the flat panel display industry.

 The global flat panel display industry historically has
 experienced considerable volatility in capital equipment
 investment levels, due in part to the limited number of LCD
 manufacturers and the concentrated nature of LCD end-use
 applications. Recently, industry growth has depended to a
 considerable extent on consumer demand for increasingly larger
 and more advanced TVs. In addition to the general industry
 changes described above in the third risk factor, the display
 industry is characterized by ongoing changes particular to that
 industry. These include technical and financial difficulties
 associated with transitioning to larger substrate sizes for
 LCDs, as well as the effect of a slowing rate of transition to
 larger substrate sizes on capital intensity and product
 differentiation. If Applied does not successfully manage the
 risks resulting from the ongoing changes occurring in the
 display industry, its business, financial condition and results
 of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

 15

Table of Contents

 Applied
 is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes specific to
 the solar industry.

 An increasing portion of Applied’s business is in the
 emerging solar market, which Applied entered in 2006 and which,
 in addition to the general industry changes described above in
 the third risk factor, is characterized by ongoing changes
 particular to the solar industry, including:

 • 

 changes in demand for solar PV products arising from, among
 other things, the cost and performance of solar PV technology
 compared to other energy sources;

 • 

 the adequacy of or changes in government energy policies,
 including the availability and amount of government incentives
 for solar power;

 • 

 the extent of investment or participation in solar by utilities
 or other companies that generate, transmit or distribute power
 to end users;

 • 

 evolving industry standards;

 • 

 difficulties associated with establishing a standard form factor
 for thin film solar modules;

 • 

 regulatory requirements and customers’ ability to timely
 satisfy these requirements;

 • 

 a requirement of certification by third parties in certain
 circumstances;

 • 

 customers’ and end-users’ access to affordable
 financial capital; and

 • 

 the move to increasingly greater factory output of solar PVs,
 including output on a level sufficient to annually generate
 electricity on a gigawatt scale.

 If Applied does not successfully manage the risks resulting from
 the ongoing changes occurring in the solar industry, its
 business, financial condition and results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 must adapt its business and product offerings to respond to
 competition and rapid technological changes.

 As Applied operates in a highly competitive environment, its
 future success depends on many factors, including the effective
 commercialization and customer acceptance of its
 nanomanufacturing technology equipment, service and related
 products. In addition, Applied must successfully execute its
 growth strategy, including enhancing market share in existing
 markets, expanding into related markets, cultivating new markets
 and exceeding industry growth rates, while constantly improving
 its operational performance. The development, introduction and
 support of a broadening set of products in more varied
 competitive environments have grown increasingly complex and
 expensive over time. Furthermore, new or improved products may
 involve higher costs and reduced profits. Applied’s success
 is subject to many risks, including but not limited to its
 ability to timely, cost-effectively and successfully:

 • 

 develop new products, improve
 and/or
 develop new applications for existing products, and adapt
 similar products for use by customers in different applications

and/or
 markets with varying technical requirements;

 • 

 appropriately price and achieve market acceptance of products;

 • 

 differentiate its products from those of competitors and any
 disruptive technologies, meet performance specifications, and
 drive efficiencies and cost reductions;

 • 

 maintain operating flexibility to enable different responses to
 different markets, customers and applications;

 • 

 appropriately allocate resources, including R&D funding,
 among Applied’s products and between the development of new
 products and the enhancement of existing products;

 • 

 accurately forecast demand and meet production schedules for its
 products;

 • 

 improve its manufacturing processes and achieve cost
 efficiencies across product offerings;

 • 

 adapt to changes in value offered by companies in different
 parts of the supply chain;

 • 

 qualify products for volume manufacturing with its customers;

 16

Table of Contents

 • 

 implement changes in its design engineering methodology,
 including those that enable reduction of material costs and
 cycle time, greater commonality of platforms and types of parts
 used in different systems, greater effectiveness of product life
 cycle management, and reduced energy usage and environmental
 impact; and

 • 

 successfully accomplish the simultaneous
 start-up of
 multiple integrated thin film solar production lines.

 If Applied does not successfully manage these challenges, its
 business, financial condition and results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 The
 entry into new markets and industries entails additional
 challenges.

 As part of its growth strategy, Applied must successfully expand
 into related or new markets and industries, either with its
 existing nanomanufacturing technology products or with new
 products developed internally or obtained through acquisitions.
 The entry into different markets involves additional challenges,
 including those arising from:

 • 

 Applied’s ability to anticipate demand, capitalize on
 opportunities, and avoid or minimize risks;

 • 

 the complexity of managing multiple businesses with variations
 in production planning, execution, supply chain management and
 logistics;

 • 

 the adoption of new business models, such as the supply of an
 integrated production line consisting of a suite of Applied and
 non-Applied equipment to manufacture solar PVs;

 • 

 the need to develop adequate new business processes and systems;

 • 

 Applied’s ability to rapidly expand its operations to meet
 increased demand and the associated effect on Applied’s
 working capital;

 • 

 new materials, processes and technologies;

 • 

 the need to attract, motivate and retain employees with skills
 and expertise in these new areas;

 • 

 new and more diverse customers and suppliers, including some
 with limited operating histories, uncertain
 and/or
 limited funding, evolving business models

and/or
 locations in regions where Applied does not have existing
 operations;

 • 

 different customer service requirements;

 • 

 new and/or
 different competitors with potentially more financial or other
 resources and industry experience;

 • 

 entry into new industries and countries, with differing levels
 of government involvement, laws and regulations, and business
 and employment practices;

 • 

 third parties’ intellectual property rights; and

 • 

 the need to comply with, or work to establish, industry
 standards and practices.

 If Applied does not successfully manage the risks resulting from
 its entry into new markets and industries, its business,
 financial condition and results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 is exposed to the risks of operating a global
 business.

 In fiscal 2008, approximately 81 percent of Applied’s
 net sales were to customers in regions outside the
 United States, with a majority of business from customers
 in Asia. Certain of Applied’s R&D
 and/or
 manufacturing facilities, as well as suppliers to Applied, are
 also located outside the United States, including in China. The
 global nature of Applied’s business and operations presents
 challenges, including but not limited to those arising from:

 • 

 varying regional and geopolitical business conditions and
 demands;

 • 

 variations among, and changes in, local, regional, national or
 international laws and regulations (including tax and import and
 export restrictions), as well as the interpretation and
 application of such laws and regulations;

 • 

 global trade issues, including those related to the
 interpretation and application of import and export licenses;

 • 

 variations in protection of intellectual property and other
 legal rights;

 17

Table of Contents

 • 

 positions taken by U.S. governmental agencies regarding
 possible national commercial
 and/or
 security issues posed by international business operations;

 • 

 fluctuating raw material and energy costs;

 • 

 variations in the ability to develop relationships with
 suppliers and other local businesses;

 • 

 fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates,
 including the relative position of the U.S. dollar;

 • 

 the need to provide sufficient levels of technical support in
 different locations;

 • 

 political instability, natural disasters (such as earthquakes,
 floods or storms), pandemics, terrorism or acts of war in
 locations where Applied has operations, suppliers or sales;

 • 

 cultural differences;

 • 

 customer- or government-supported efforts to promote the
 development and growth of local competitors;

 • 

 shipping costs
 and/or
 delays;

 • 

 uncertainties with respect to economic growth rates in various
 countries; and

 • 

 uncertainties with respect to growth rates for the manufacture
 and sales of semiconductors, LCDs and solar cells in the
 developing economies of certain countries.

 Many of these challenges are present in China, which is
 experiencing significant growth of both suppliers and
 competitors to Applied, and which Applied believes presents a
 large potential market for its products and opportunity for
 growth over the long term. In addition, Applied must regularly
 reassess the size, capability and location of its global
 infrastructure and make appropriate changes. These challenges
 may materially and adversely affect Applied’s business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks associated with a highly concentrated
 customer base.

 Applied’s semiconductor and flat panel display customer
 bases historically have been, and are becoming even more, highly
 concentrated. In addition, certain customers have entered into
 strategic alliances or industry consortia that have increased
 the influence of key industry participants in technology
 decisions made by their partners. In the solar area, while the
 number of solar PV manufacturing customers is increasing as the
 number of market entrants grows, the size of contracts with
 particular customers is expected to rise substantially as the
 industry moves to greater solar module factory output capacity,
 including capacity sufficient to annually generate electricity
 on a gigawatt scale. In this environment, contracts or orders
 from a relatively limited number of semiconductor, display and
 solar manufacturers have accounted for, and are expected to
 continue to account for, a substantial portion of Applied’s
 business. In addition, the mix and type of customers, and sales
 to any single customer, may vary significantly from quarter to
 quarter and from year to year. If customers do not place orders,
 or they delay or cancel orders, Applied may not be able to
 replace the business. As Applied’s products are configured
 to customer specifications, changing, rescheduling or canceling
 orders may result in significant, non-recoverable costs. Major
 customers may also seek, and on occasion receive, pricing,
 payment, intellectual property-related, or other commercial
 terms that are less favorable to Applied. In addition, certain
 customers have undergone significant ownership
 and/or
 management changes, and outsourced manufacturing activities,
 have engaged in collaboration or cooperation arrangements with
 other customers or have consolidated with other customers, which
 may result in additional complexities in managing customer
 relationships and transactions. These factors could have a
 material adverse effect on Applied’s business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks associated with acquisitions and strategic
 investments.

 Applied has made, and in the future intends to make,
 acquisitions of, and investments in, companies, technologies or
 products in existing, related or new markets for Applied.
 Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including but not limited
 to:

 • 

 diversion of management’s attention from other operational
 matters;

 • 

 inability to complete acquisitions as anticipated or at all;

 18

Table of Contents

 • 

 inability to realize anticipated benefits;

 • 

 failure to commercialize purchased technologies;

 • 

 inability to capitalize on characteristics of new markets that
 may be significantly different from Applied’s existing
 markets and where competitors may have stronger market positions;

 • 

 exposure to operational risks, rules and regulations to the
 extent such activities are located in countries where Applied
 has not historically conducted business;

 • 

 challenges associated with managing larger, more diverse and
 more widespread operations;

 • 

 inability to obtain and protect intellectual property rights in
 key technologies;

 • 

 ineffectiveness of an acquired company’s internal controls;

 • 

 impairment of acquired intangible assets as a result of
 technological advancements or worse-than-expected performance of
 the acquired company or its product offerings;

 • 

 unknown, underestimated
 and/or
 undisclosed commitments or liabilities;

 • 

 inappropriate scale of acquired entities’ critical
 resources or facilities for business needs; and

 • 

 ineffective integration of operations, systems, technologies,
 products or employees of the acquired companies.

 Applied also makes strategic investments in other companies,
 including companies formed as joint ventures, which may decline
 in value
 and/or not
 meet desired objectives. The success of these investments
 depends on various factors over which Applied may have limited
 or no control and, particularly with respect to joint ventures,
 requires ongoing and effective cooperation with strategic
 partners. Mergers and acquisitions and strategic investments are
 inherently subject to significant risks, and the inability to
 effectively manage these risks could materially and adversely
 affect Applied’s business, financial condition and results
 of operations.

 Manufacturing
 interruptions or delays could affect Applied’s ability to
 meet customer demand, while the failure to estimate customer
 demand accurately could result in excess or obsolete
 inventory.

 Applied’s business depends on its ability to supply
 equipment, services and related products that meet the rapidly
 changing technical and volume requirements of its customers,
 which depends in part on the timely delivery of parts,
 components and subassemblies (collectively, parts) from
 suppliers. Some key parts may be subject to long lead-times
 and/or
 obtainable only from a single supplier or limited group of
 suppliers, and some sourcing or subassembly is provided by
 suppliers located in countries other than the United States,
 including China. Applied may experience significant
 interruptions of its manufacturing operations, delays in its
 ability to deliver products or services, increased costs or
 customer order cancellations as a result of:

 • 

 the failure or inability of suppliers to timely deliver quality
 parts;

 • 

 volatility in the availability and cost of materials;

 • 

 difficulties or delays in obtaining required import or export
 approvals;

 • 

 information technology or infrastructure failures;

 • 

 natural disasters (such as earthquakes, floods or
 storms); or

 • 

 other causes (such as regional economic downturns, pandemics,
 political instability, terrorism, or acts of war), could result
 in delayed deliveries, manufacturing inefficiencies, increased
 costs or order cancellations.

 In addition, Applied’s need to rapidly increase its
 business and manufacturing capacity to meet unanticipated
 increases in demand may exacerbate any interruptions in
 Applied’s manufacturing operations and supply chain and the
 associated effect on Applied’s working capital. Moreover,
 if actual demand for Applied’s products is different than
 expected, Applied may purchase more/fewer parts than necessary
 or incur costs for canceling, postponing or expediting delivery
 of parts. The volatility of demand for capital equipment
 increases capital, technical and other risks for companies in
 the supply chain. Any or all of these factors could materially
 and adversely affect Applied’s business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 19

Table of Contents

 The
 failure to successfully implement and conduct off-shoring and
 outsourcing activities and other operational initiatives could
 adversely affect results of operations.

 To better align its costs with market conditions, increase its
 presence in growing markets, enhance productivity, and improve
 efficiencies, Applied conducts engineering, software development
 and other operations in regions outside the United States,
 particularly India and China, and outsources certain functions
 to third parties, including companies in the United States,
 India, China and other countries. Outsourced functions include
 certain engineering, manufacturing, customer support, software
 development, information technology support, finance and
 administrative activities. The expanding role of third party
 providers has required changes to Applied’s existing
 operations and the adoption of new procedures and processes for
 retaining and managing these providers in order to realize the
 potential productivity and operational efficiencies, assure
 quality and continuity of supply, and protect Applied’s
 intellectual property. In addition, Applied has implemented
 several key operational initiatives intended to improve
 manufacturing efficiency, including integrate-to-order,
 module-final-test and
 merge-in-transit
 programs. Applied also is implementing a multi-year,
 company-wide program to transform certain business processes,
 which includes transitioning to a single enterprise resource
 planning (ERP) software system to perform various functions. The
 conversion to this new ERP system will include certain risks,
 including difficulties with data integrity and business
 interruption.

 If Applied does not effectively develop and implement its
 off-shoring and outsourcing strategies, if required export and
 other governmental approvals are not timely obtained, if
 Applied’s third party providers do not perform as
 anticipated, or if there are delays or difficulties in
 implementing a new ERP system or enhancing business processes,
 Applied may not realize anticipated productivity improvements or
 cost efficiencies, and may experience operational difficulties,
 increased costs (including energy and transportation),
 manufacturing interruptions or delays, inefficiencies in the
 structure
 and/or
 operation of its supply chain, loss of its intellectual property
 rights, quality issues, increased product time-to-market

and/or
 inefficient allocation of human resources, any or all of which
 could materially and adversely affect Applied’s business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 The
 ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees is vital
 to Applied’s success.

 Applied’s success and competitiveness depend in large part
 on its ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees.
 Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors,
 including fluctuations in global economic and industry
 conditions, changes in Applied’s management or leadership,
 competitors’ hiring practices, cost reduction activities,
 and the effectiveness of Applied’s compensation programs,
 including its equity-based programs. Applied periodically
 evaluates its overall compensation program and makes
 adjustments, as appropriate, to enhance its competitiveness. If
 Applied does not successfully attract, retain and motivate key
 employees, Applied may be unable to capitalize on its
 opportunities and its operating results may be materially and
 adversely affected.

 Changes
 in tax rates or tax liabilities could affect results of
 operations.

 As a global company, Applied is subject to taxation in the
 United States and various other countries. Significant judgment
 is required to determine and estimate worldwide tax liabilities.
 Applied’s future annual and quarterly tax rates could be
 affected by numerous factors, including changes in the:
 (1) applicable tax laws; (2) composition of pre-tax
 income in countries with differing tax rates; or
 (3) valuation of Applied’s deferred tax assets and
 liabilities. In addition, Applied is subject to regular
 examination by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax
 authorities. Applied regularly assesses the likelihood of
 favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from these
 examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for
 income taxes. Although Applied believes its tax estimates are
 reasonable, there can be no assurance that any final
 determination will not be materially different from the
 treatment reflected in Applied’s historical income tax
 provisions and accruals, which could materially and adversely
 affect Applied’s financial condition and results of
 operations.

 Applied
 is exposed to various risks related to legal proceedings or
 claims and protection of intellectual property
 rights.

 Applied from time to time is, and in the future may be, involved
 in legal proceedings or claims regarding patent infringement,
 intellectual property rights, antitrust, environmental
 regulations, securities, contracts, product

 20

Table of Contents

 performance, product liability, unfair competition, employment
 and other matters. In addition, Applied on occasion receives
 notification from customers who believe that Applied owes them
 indemnification or other obligations related to claims made
 against customers by third parties. These legal proceedings and
 claims, whether with or without merit, may be time-consuming and
 expensive to prosecute or defend, divert management’s
 attention and resources,
 and/or
 inhibit Applied’s ability to sell its products. There can
 be no assurance regarding the outcome of current or future legal
 proceedings or claims. Applied previously entered into a mutual
 covenant-not-to-sue arrangement with one of its competitors to
 decrease the risk of patent infringement lawsuits in the future.
 There can be no assurance that the intended results of this
 arrangement will be achieved or that Applied will be able to
 adequately protect its intellectual property rights with the
 restrictions associated with such a covenant. In addition,
 Applied’s success depends in significant part on the
 protection of its intellectual property and other rights.
 Infringement of Applied’s rights by a third party, such as
 the unauthorized manufacture or sale of equipment or spare
 parts, could result in uncompensated lost market and revenue
 opportunities for Applied. Applied’s intellectual property
 rights may not provide significant competitive advantages if
 they are circumvented, invalidated, rendered obsolete by the
 rapid pace of technological change, or if Applied does not
 adequately protect or assert these rights. Furthermore, the laws
 and practices of other countries, including China, India, Taiwan
 and Korea, permit the protection and enforcement of
 Applied’s rights to varying extents, which may not be
 sufficient to protect Applied’s rights. If Applied is not
 able to obtain or enforce intellectual property rights, resolve
 or settle claims, obtain necessary licenses on commercially
 reasonable terms,

and/or
 successfully prosecute or defend its intellectual property
 position, Applied’s business, financial condition and
 results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 is subject to risks of non-compliance with environmental and
 safety regulations.

 Applied is subject to environmental and safety regulations in
 connection with its global business operations, including but
 not limited to: regulations related to the development,
 manufacture and use of its products; recycling and disposal of
 materials used in its products or in producing its products; the
 operation of its facilities; and the use of its real property.
 The failure or inability to comply with existing or future
 environmental and safety regulations could result in:
 (1) significant remediation liabilities; (2) the
 imposition of fines; (3) the suspension or termination of
 the development, manufacture, sale or use of certain of its
 products; (4) limitations on the operation of its
 facilities or ability to use its real property;
 and/or
 (5) a decrease in the value of its real property, each of
 which could have a material adverse effect on Applied’s
 business, financial condition and results of operations.

 Applied
 is exposed to various risks related to the regulatory
 environment.

 Applied is subject to various risks related to: (1) new,
 different, inconsistent or even conflicting laws, rules and
 regulations that may be enacted by legislative bodies
 and/or
 regulatory agencies in the countries in which Applied operates;
 (2) disagreements or disputes between national or regional
 regulatory agencies related to international trade; and
 (3) the interpretation and application of laws, rules and
 regulations. If Applied is found by a court or regulatory agency
 not to be in compliance with applicable laws, rules or
 regulations, Applied’s business, financial condition and
 results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 is subject to internal control evaluations and attestation
 requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act.

 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
 Applied must include in its Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 a report of management on the effectiveness of Applied’s
 internal control over financial reporting. Ongoing compliance
 with this requirement is complex, costly and time-consuming. If
 Applied fails to maintain effective internal control over
 financial reporting or Applied’s management does not timely
 assess the adequacy of such internal control, Applied could be
 subject to regulatory sanctions and the public’s perception
 of Applied may decline.

 21

Table of Contents