The following factors could materially affect Applied’s
 business, financial condition or results of operations and
 should be carefully considered in evaluating the Company and its
 business, in addition to other information presented elsewhere
 in this report.

 The
 industries that Applied serves are volatile and difficult to
 predict.

 As a supplier to the global semiconductor, flat panel display,
 solar and related industries, Applied is subject to business
 cycles, the timing, length and volatility of which can be
 difficult to predict and which vary by reportable segment. These
 industries historically have been cyclical due to sudden changes
 in customers’ manufacturing capacity and advanced
 technology requirements and spending, which depend in part on
 customers’ capacity utilization, production volumes,
 end-use demand, and inventory levels relative to demand, as well
 as the rate of technology transitions and customers’ access
 to affordable capital. These changes have affected the timing
 and amounts of customers’ purchases and investments in
 technology, and continue to affect Applied’s orders, net
 sales, operating expenses and net income.

 To meet rapidly changing demand in the industries it serves,
 Applied must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage
 its resources and production capacity for each of its segments
 as well as across multiple segments. During periods of
 increasing demand for its products, Applied must have sufficient
 manufacturing capacity and inventory to meet customer demand;
 effectively manage its supply chain; attract, retain and
 motivate a sufficient number of qualified employees; and
 continue to control costs. During periods of decreasing demand,
 Applied must reduce costs and align its cost structure with
 prevailing market conditions; effectively manage its supply
 chain; and motivate and retain key employees. If Applied does
 not accurately forecast and timely and appropriately adapt to
 changes in its business environment, Applied’s business,
 financial condition and results of operations may be materially
 and adversely affected.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks associated with the difficult financial
 markets and uncertain global economy.

 The tightening of the credit markets, disruption in the
 financial markets, and global economic recession that began in
 2008 contributed to significant slowdowns in the industries in
 which Applied operates. Although economic and market conditions
 have improved, continuing difficulties in the financial markets
 and uncertainty regarding the global economic recovery are
 posing challenges. The markets for semiconductors and flat panel
 displays in particular depend largely on consumer spending.
 Economic uncertainty exacerbates negative trends in consumer
 spending and may cause certain Applied customers to push out,
 cancel, or refrain from placing orders for equipment or
 services, which may reduce net sales, reduce backlog, and affect
 Applied’s ability to convert backlog to sales. Difficulties
 in obtaining capital, uncertain market conditions, or reduced
 profitability may also cause some customers to scale back
 operations, exit businesses, merge with other manufacturers, or
 file for bankruptcy protection and potentially cease operations,
 leading to customers’ reduced research and development
 funding
 and/or
 capital expenditures and, in turn, lower sales

and/or
 additional inventory or bad debt expense for Applied. These
 conditions may also similarly affect key suppliers, which could
 impair their ability to deliver parts and result in delays for
 Applied’s products or added costs. In addition, these
 conditions may lead to strategic alliances by, or consolidation
 of, other equipment manufacturers, which could adversely affect
 Applied’s ability to compete effectively.

 Uncertainty about future economic and industry conditions also
 makes it more challenging for Applied to forecast its operating
 results, make business decisions, and identify the risks that
 may affect its business, sources and uses of cash, financial
 condition and results of operations. Applied may be required to
 implement additional cost reduction efforts, including
 restructuring activities,
 and/or
 modify its business model, which may adversely affect
 Applied’s ability to capitalize on opportunities in a
 market recovery. In addition, Applied maintains an investment
 portfolio that is subject to general credit, liquidity, foreign
 exchange, market and interest rate risks. The risks to
 Applied’s investment portfolio may be exacerbated if
 financial market conditions deteriorate and, as a result, the
 value and liquidity of the investment portfolio and return on
 pension assets could be negatively impacted and lead to
 impairment charges. If Applied does not timely and appropriately
 adapt to changes resulting from the uncertain

 15

Table of Contents

 macroeconomic environment and industry conditions,
 Applied’s business, financial condition or results of
 operations may be materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes in the
 various industries in which it operates.

 The global semiconductor, flat panel display, solar and related
 industries in which Applied operates are characterized by
 ongoing changes affecting some or all of these industries,
 including:

 • 

 increasing capital requirements for building and operating new
 fabrication plants and customers’ ability to raise the
 necessary capital, particularly in a difficult financial market;

 • 

 differences in growth rates among the semiconductor, display and
 solar industries;

 • 

 the increasing importance of establishing, improving and
 maintaining strong relationships with customers;

 • 

 abrupt and unforeseen shifts in the nature and amount of
 customer and end-user demand;

 • 

 the increasing cost and complexity for customers to move from
 product design to volume manufacturing, which may slow the
 adoption rate for new manufacturing technology;

 • 

 the need to reduce the total cost of manufacturing system
 ownership, due in part to greater demand for lower-cost consumer
 electronics as compared to business information technology
 spending;

 • 

 the heightened importance to customers of system reliability and
 productivity and the effect on demand for fabrication systems as
 a result of their increasing productivity, device yield and
 reliability;

 • 

 the increasing importance of, and difficulties in, developing
 products with sufficient differentiation to influence
 customers’ purchasing decisions;

 • 

 requirements for shorter cycle times for the development,
 manufacture and installation of manufacturing equipment;

 • 

 price and performance trends for semiconductor devices, LCDs and
 solar PVs, and the corresponding effect on demand for such
 products;

 • 

 the increasing importance of the availability of spare parts to
 maximize the time that customers’ systems are available for
 production;

 • 

 the increasing role for and complexity of software in Applied
 products; and

 • 

 the increasing focus on reducing energy usage and improving the
 environmental impact and sustainability associated with
 manufacturing operations.

 If Applied does not successfully manage the risks resulting from
 the ongoing changes in the semiconductor, flat panel display,
 solar and related industries, its business, financial condition
 and results of operations could be materially and adversely
 affected.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes specific to
 the semiconductor industry.

 The greatest portion of Applied’s consolidated net sales
 and profitability historically has been derived from sales of
 manufacturing equipment by the Silicon Systems Group to the
 global semiconductor industry. In addition, a majority of the
 revenues of Applied Global Services is from sales of service
 products to semiconductor manufacturers. The semiconductor
 industry is characterized by ongoing changes particular to that
 industry in addition to the general industry changes described
 in the preceding risk factor, including:

 • 

 the increasing cost of research and development due to many
 factors, including: decreasing linewidths on a chip; the use of
 new materials such as cobalt and yttrium; new and more complex
 device structures; more applications and process steps;
 increasing chip design costs; and the increasing cost and
 complexity of integrated manufacturing processes;

 • 

 the growing number of types and varieties of semiconductors and
 number of applications across multiple substrate sizes;

 16

Table of Contents

 • 

 differing market growth rates and capital requirements for
 different applications, such as NAND Flash, DRAM, logic and
 foundry, and the resulting effect on customers’ spending
 patterns and on Applied’s ability to compete in these
 market segments;

 • 

 the increasing cost and complexity for semiconductor
 manufacturers to move more technically advanced capability and
 smaller linewidths to volume manufacturing, and the resulting
 impact on the rates of technology transition and investment in
 capital equipment;

 • 

 semiconductor manufacturers’ increasing adoption of more
 productive 300mm systems in relation to 200mm system capacity,
 and the resulting effect on demand for manufacturing equipment
 and services;

 • 

 the decreasing rate of capital expenditures as a percentage of
 semiconductor manufacturers’ revenue;

 • 

 shorter cycle times between customers’ order placement and
 product shipment, which may lead to inventory write-offs and
 manufacturing inefficiencies that decrease gross margin;

 • 

 technology developments in related markets, such as lithography,
 to which Applied may need to adapt;

 • 

 competitive factors that make it difficult to enhance market
 position;

 • 

 the importance of growing market positions in larger market
 segments, such as etch and inspection;

 • 

 the increasing concentration of wafer starts in one country,
 Korea, where Applied’s service penetration and
 service-revenue-per-wafer-start have been lower than in other
 regions;

 • 

 the increasing fragmentation of semiconductor markets, leading
 certain markets to become too small to support the cost of a new
 fabrication plant, while others require less technologically
 advanced products; and

 • 

 the cost, technical complexity and timing of a proposed
 transition from 300mm to 450mm wafers.

 If Applied does not successfully manage the risks resulting from
 the ongoing changes occurring in the semiconductor industry, its
 business, financial condition and results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes specific to
 the flat panel display industry.

 The global flat panel display industry historically has
 experienced considerable volatility in capital equipment
 investment levels, due in part to the limited number of LCD
 manufacturers and the concentrated nature of LCD end-use
 applications. Recently, industry growth has depended to a
 considerable extent on consumer demand for increasingly larger
 and more advanced TVs. In addition to the general industry
 changes described above in the third risk factor, the display
 industry is characterized by ongoing changes particular to that
 industry, including:

 • 

 the planned expansion of manufacturing facilities in China by
 Chinese display manufacturers as well as manufacturers from
 other countries, and the ability of non-Chinese manufacturers to
 obtain government approvals;

 • 

 technical and financial difficulties associated with
 transitioning to larger substrate sizes for LCDs;

 • 

 the effect of a slowing rate of transition to larger substrate
 sizes on capital intensity and product differentiation;

 • 

 technical difficulties and costs associated with developing new
 technologies for use in LCD manufacturing, such as LEDs for
 backlighting;

 • 

 new energy efficiency standards for large-screen LCD
 TVs; and

 • 

 uncertainty with respect to future LCD technology end-use
 applications and growth drivers.

 If Applied does not successfully manage the risks resulting from
 the ongoing changes occurring in the display industry, its
 business, financial condition and results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 17

Table of Contents

 Applied
 is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes specific to
 the solar industry.

 Applied anticipates that an increasing portion of its business
 will be in the emerging solar market, which, in addition to the
 general industry changes described above in the third risk
 factor, is characterized by ongoing changes specific to the
 solar industry, including:

 • 

 the need to continually decrease the
 cost-per-watt
 of electricity produced by solar PV products by, among other
 things, reducing operating costs and increasing throughputs for
 solar PV manufacturing, and improving the conversion efficiency
 of solar PVs;

 • 

 the impact on demand for solar PV products arising from the cost
 of electricity generated by solar PVs compared to the cost of
 electricity from the existing grid or other energy sources;

 • 

 the varying energy policies of governments around the world and
 their effect in influencing the rate of growth of the solar PV
 market, including the availability and amount of government
 incentives for solar power such as tax credits, feed-in tariffs,
 rebates, renewable portfolio standards that require electricity
 providers to sell a targeted amount of energy from renewable
 sources, and goals for solar installations on government
 facilities;

 • 

 the cost of polysilicon and other materials;

 • 

 changes in the nature and amount of end demand for solar PVs
 that may adversely impact the sales growth rates and
 profitability of Applied’s products;

 • 

 varying levels of infrastructure investment for “smart
 grid” technologies to modernize and enhance the
 transmission, distribution and use of electricity, which link
 distributed solar PV sources to population centers, increase
 transmission capability, and optimize power usage;

 • 

 access to affordable financing and capital by customers and
 end-users; and

 • 

 the growing number of solar PV manufacturers and increasing
 global production capacity for solar PVs, primarily in China as
 a result of increased solar subsidies and lower manufacturing
 costs, which may lead to oversupply.

 If Applied does not successfully manage the risks resulting from
 the ongoing changes occurring in the solar industry, its
 business, financial condition and results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 must adapt its business and product offerings to respond to
 competition and rapid technological changes.

 As Applied operates in a highly competitive environment, its
 future success depends on many factors, including the effective
 commercialization and customer acceptance of its equipment,
 services and related products. In addition, Applied must
 successfully execute its growth strategy, including enhancing
 market share in existing markets, expanding into related
 markets, cultivating new markets and exceeding industry growth
 rates, while constantly improving its operational performance.
 The development, introduction and support of a broadening set of
 products in more varied competitive environments have grown
 increasingly complex and expensive over time. Furthermore, new
 or improved products may entail higher costs and reduced
 profits. Applied’s performance may be adversely affected if
 it does not timely, cost-effectively and successfully:

 • 

 develop new products, improve
 and/or
 develop new applications for existing products, and adapt
 similar products for use by customers in different applications

and/or
 markets with varying technical requirements;

 • 

 appropriately price and achieve market acceptance of products;

 • 

 differentiate its products from those of competitors and any
 disruptive technologies, meet performance specifications, and
 drive efficiencies and cost reductions;

 • 

 maintain operating flexibility to enable different responses to
 different markets, customers and applications;

 18

Table of Contents

 • 

 allocate resources, including people and R&D funding, among
 Applied’s products and between the development of new
 products and the enhancement of existing products, as most
 appropriate and effective for future growth;

 • 

 reduce the cost of, and improve the productivity of capital
 invested in, R&D activities;

 • 

 accurately forecast demand, work with suppliers and meet
 production schedules for its products;

 • 

 improve its manufacturing processes and achieve cost
 efficiencies across product offerings;

 • 

 adapt to changes in value offered by companies in different
 parts of the supply chain;

 • 

 qualify products for volume manufacturing with its
 customers; and

 • 

 implement changes in its design engineering methodology,
 including those that enable reduction of material costs and
 cycle time, greater commonality of platforms and types of parts
 used in different systems, greater effectiveness of product life
 cycle management, and reduced energy usage and environmental
 impact.

 If Applied does not successfully manage these challenges, its
 business, financial condition and results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 Operating
 in multiple industries, and the entry into new markets and
 industries, entail additional challenges.

 As part of its growth strategy, Applied must successfully expand
 into related or new markets and industries, either with its
 existing products or with new products developed internally or
 obtained through acquisitions. The entry into different markets
 involves additional challenges, including those arising from:

 • 

 the need to devote additional resources to develop new products
 for, and operate in, new markets;

 • 

 differing rates of profitability and growth among multiple
 businesses;

 • 

 Applied’s ability to anticipate demand, capitalize on
 opportunities, and avoid or minimize risks;

 • 

 the complexity of managing multiple businesses with variations
 in production planning, execution, supply chain management and
 logistics;

 • 

 the adoption of new business models;

 • 

 the need to undertake activities to grow demand for end-products;

 • 

 the need to develop adequate new business processes and systems;

 • 

 Applied’s ability to rapidly expand its operations to meet
 increased demand and the associated effect on working capital;

 • 

 new materials, processes and technologies;

 • 

 the need to attract, motivate and retain employees with skills
 and expertise in these new areas;

 • 

 new and more diverse customers and suppliers, including some
 with limited operating histories, uncertain
 and/or
 limited funding, evolving business models

and/or
 locations in regions where Applied does not have existing
 operations;

 • 

 different customer service requirements;

 • 

 new or different competitors with potentially more financial or
 other resources, industry experience
 and/or
 established customer relationships;

 • 

 entry into new industries and countries, with differing levels
 of government involvement, laws and regulations, and business,
 employment and safety practices;

 • 

 third parties’ intellectual property rights; and

 • 

 the need to comply with, or work to establish, industry
 standards and practices.

 19

Table of Contents

 In addition, Applied has begun applying for and receiving
 funding from United States and other government agencies for
 certain strategic development programs to increase its R&D
 resources and address new market opportunities. As a condition
 to this government funding, Applied may be subject to certain
 record-keeping, audit, intellectual property rights-sharing
 and/or other
 obligations.

 If Applied does not successfully manage the risks resulting from
 its diversification and entry into new markets and industries,
 its business, financial condition and results of operations
 could be materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 is exposed to the risks of operating a global
 business.

 In fiscal 2010, approximately 88 percent of Applied’s
 net sales were to customers in regions outside the
 United States. Certain of Applied’s R&D and
 manufacturing facilities, as well as suppliers to Applied, are
 also located outside the United States, including in Singapore,
 Taiwan, China, Korea, Israel, Italy and Switzerland. Applied is
 also expanding its business and operations in new countries. The
 global nature of Applied’s business and operations presents
 challenges, including but not limited to those arising from:

 • 

 varying regional and geopolitical business conditions and
 demands;

 • 

 political and social attitudes, laws, rules, regulations and
 policies within countries that favor domestic companies over
 non-domestic companies, including customer- or
 government-supported efforts to promote the development and
 growth of local competitors;

 • 

 variations among, and changes in, local, regional, national or
 international laws and regulations (including intellectual
 property, labor, tax, and import /export laws), as well as the
 interpretation and application of such laws and regulations;

 • 

 global trade issues, including those related to the
 interpretation and application of import and export licenses;

 • 

 positions taken by governmental agencies regarding possible
 national commercial
 and/or
 security issues posed by international business operations;

 • 

 fluctuating raw material, commodity and energy costs;

 • 

 challenges associated with managing more geographically diverse
 operations and projects ;

 • 

 varying customs, practices and expectations of workers in
 different regions;

 • 

 variations in the ability to develop relationships with local
 customers, suppliers and governments;

 • 

 fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates,
 including the relative strength or weakness of the
 U.S. dollar and the euro;

 • 

 the need to provide sufficient levels of technical support in
 different locations;

 • 

 political instability, natural disasters (such as earthquakes,
 floods or storms), pandemics, terrorism or acts of war in
 locations where Applied has operations, suppliers or sales;

 • 

 cultural and language differences;

 • 

 shipping costs
 and/or
 delays;

 • 

 the need to continually improve the Company’s operating
 cost structure;

 • 

 difficulties and uncertainties associated with the entry into
 new countries;

 • 

 uncertainties with respect to economic growth rates in various
 countries; and

 • 

 uncertainties with respect to growth rates for the manufacture
 and sales of semiconductors, LCDs and solar PVs in the
 developing economies of certain countries.

 Many of these challenges are present in China and Korea, which
 are experiencing significant growth of both suppliers and
 competitors to Applied. Applied further believes that China and
 Korea present large potential markets

 20

Table of Contents

 for its products and opportunity for growth over the long term,
 although at lower projected levels of profitability and margins
 for certain products than historically have been achieved in
 other regions. In addition, Applied must regularly reassess the
 size, capability and location of its global infrastructure and
 make appropriate changes, and must have effective change
 management processes and procedures to address changes in its
 business and operations. These challenges may materially and
 adversely affect Applied’s business, financial condition
 and results of operations.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks associated with a highly concentrated
 customer base.

 Applied’s semiconductor and flat panel display customer
 bases historically have been, and are becoming even more, highly
 concentrated as a result of economic and industry conditions.
 For example, in fiscal 2010, four semiconductor manufacturers
 accounted for 51 percent of Silicon Systems Group net
 sales, and five LCD manufacturers accounted for 71 percent
 of Display net sales.Certain customers have experienced
 significant ownership or management changes, consolidated with
 other manufacturers, outsourced manufacturing activities, or
 engaged in collaboration or cooperation arrangements with other
 manufacturers. In addition, customers have entered into
 strategic alliances or industry consortia that have increased
 the influence of key industry participants in technology
 decisions made by their partners. Also, certain semiconductor
 and display customers are making an increasingly greater
 percentage of their respective industry’s capital equipment
 investments.

 In this environment, contracts or orders from a relatively
 limited number of semiconductor and display manufacturers have
 accounted for, and are expected to continue to account for, a
 substantial portion of Applied’s business, which may result
 in added complexities in managing customer relationships and
 transactions. In addition, the mix and type of customers, and
 sales to any single customer, may vary significantly from
 quarter to quarter and from year to year. If customers do not
 place orders, or they substantially reduce, delay or cancel
 orders, Applied may not be able to replace the business. As
 Applied’s products are configured to customer
 specifications, changing, rescheduling or canceling orders may
 result in significant, non-recoverable costs. Major customers
 may also seek, and on occasion receive, pricing, payment,
 intellectual property-related, or other commercial terms that
 are less favorable to Applied. These factors could have a
 material adverse effect on Applied’s business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 Manufacturing
 interruptions or delays could affect Applied’s ability to
 meet customer demand and lead to higher costs, while the failure
 to estimate customer demand accurately could result in excess or
 obsolete inventory.

 Applied’s business depends on its timely supply of
 equipment, services and related products that meet the rapidly
 changing technical and volume requirements of its customers,
 which depends in part on the timely delivery of parts,
 components and subassemblies (collectively, parts) from
 suppliers and timely performance by contract manufacturers. Some
 key parts may be subject to long lead-times
 and/or
 obtainable only from a single supplier or limited group of
 suppliers, and some sourcing or subassembly is provided by
 suppliers located in countries other than the United States,
 including China and Korea. Cyclical industry conditions and the
 volatility of demand for manufacturing equipment increase
 capital, technical, operational and other risks for companies
 throughout Applied’s supply chain. Further, the adverse
 conditions in the credit and financial markets and industry
 slowdowns in recent periods have caused, and may continue to
 cause, some suppliers to scale back operations, exit businesses,
 merge with other companies, or file for bankruptcy protection
 and possibly cease operations, potentially affecting
 Applied’s ability to obtain quality parts on a timely
 basis. Applied may experience significant interruptions of its
 manufacturing operations, delays in its ability to deliver
 products or services, increased costs or customer order
 cancellations as a result of:

 • 

 the failure or inability of suppliers to timely deliver
 sufficient quantities of quality parts on a cost-effective basis;

 • 

 volatility in the availability and cost of materials;

 • 

 difficulties or delays in obtaining required import or export
 approvals;

 • 

 information technology or infrastructure failures;

 21

Table of Contents

 • 

 natural disasters (such as earthquakes, floods or
 storms); or

 • 

 other causes (such as regional economic downturns, pandemics,
 political instability, terrorism, or acts of war) that could
 result in delayed deliveries, manufacturing inefficiencies,
 increased costs or order cancellations.

 In addition, Applied’s need to rapidly increase its
 business and manufacturing capacity to meet increases in demand
 or expedited shipment schedules may exacerbate any interruptions
 in Applied’s manufacturing operations and supply chain and
 the associated effect on Applied’s working capital.
 Moreover, if actual demand for Applied’s products is
 different than expected, Applied may purchase more/fewer parts
 than necessary or incur costs for canceling, postponing or
 expediting delivery of parts. If Applied purchases inventory in
 anticipation of customer demand that does not materialize, or if
 customers reduce or delay orders, Applied may incur excess
 inventory charges. Any or all of these factors could materially
 and adversely affect Applied’s business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks associated with acquisitions and strategic
 investments.

 Applied has made, and in the future intends to make,
 acquisitions of, and investments in, companies, technologies or
 products in existing, related or new markets for Applied.
 Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including but not limited
 to:

 • 

 diversion of management’s attention from other operational
 matters;

 • 

 inability to complete acquisitions as anticipated or at all;

 • 

 inability to realize anticipated benefits;

 • 

 failure to commercialize purchased technologies;

 • 

 inability to capitalize on characteristics of new markets that
 may be significantly different from Applied’s existing
 markets and where competitors may have stronger market positions
 and customer relationships;

 • 

 failure to attract, retain and motivate key employees from the
 acquired business;

 • 

 exposure to new operational risks, rules, regulations, worker
 expectations, customs and practices to the extent acquired
 businesses are located in countries where Applied has not
 historically conducted business;

 • 

 challenges associated with managing new, more diverse and more
 widespread operations, projects and people;

 • 

 inability to obtain and protect intellectual property rights in
 key technologies;

 • 

 inadequacy or ineffectiveness of an acquired company’s
 internal financial controls, disclosure controls and procedures,
 and/or
 environmental, health & safety, human resource, or
 other policies or practices;

 • 

 impairment of acquired intangible assets and goodwill as a
 result of changing business conditions, technological
 advancements or
 worse-than-expected
 performance of the segment;

 • 

 the risk of litigation or disputes with customers, suppliers,
 partners or stockholders of an acquisition target arising from a
 proposed or completed transaction;

 • 

 unknown, underestimated
 and/or
 undisclosed commitments or liabilities;

 • 

 inappropriate scale of acquired entities’ critical
 resources or facilities for business needs; and

 • 

 ineffective integration of operations, systems, technologies,
 products or employees of an acquired business.

 Applied also makes strategic investments in other companies,
 including companies formed as joint ventures, which may decline
 in value
 and/or not
 meet desired objectives. The success of these investments
 depends on various factors over which Applied may have limited
 or no control and, particularly with respect to joint ventures,
 requires ongoing and effective cooperation with strategic
 partners. The risks to Applied’s strategic investment
 portfolio may be exacerbated by unfavorable financial market and
 macroeconomic conditions and, as a result, the value of the

 22

Table of Contents

 investment portfolio could be negatively impacted and lead to
 impairment charges. Mergers and acquisitions and strategic
 investments are inherently subject to significant risks, and the
 inability to effectively manage these risks could materially and
 adversely affect Applied’s business, financial condition
 and results of operations. If Applied does not successfully
 manage the risks associated with acquisitions and strategic
 investments, its business, financial condition and results of
 operations could be materially and adversely affected.

 The
 ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees is vital
 to Applied’s success.

 Applied’s success and competitiveness depend in large part
 on its ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees.
 Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors,
 including fluctuations in global economic and industry
 conditions, changes in Applied’s management or leadership,
 competitors’ hiring practices, cost reduction activities
 (including workforce reductions), and the effectiveness of
 Applied’s compensation and benefit programs, including its
 share-based programs. Applied periodically evaluates its overall
 compensation program and makes adjustments, as appropriate, to
 enhance its competitiveness. If Applied does not successfully
 attract, retain and motivate key employees, Applied may be
 unable to capitalize on its opportunities and its operating
 results may be materially and adversely affected.

 The
 failure to successfully implement and conduct outsourcing
 activities and other operational initiatives could adversely
 affect results of operations.

 To better align its costs with market conditions, locate closer
 to customers, enhance productivity, and improve efficiencies,
 Applied conducts engineering, software development,
 manufacturing, sourcing and other operations in regions outside
 the United States, including India, China, and Korea. Applied is
 implementing a more distributed manufacturing model, which
 includes transitioning certain manufacturing and supply chain
 activities from the United States and Europe to Singapore,
 Taiwan and other countries in Asia and completing assembly of
 some systems at the customer site. In addition, Applied
 outsources certain functions to third parties, including
 companies in the United States, India, China, Korea and other
 countries. Outsourced functions include contract manufacturing,
 engineering, customer support, software development, information
 technology support, finance and administrative activities. The
 expanding role of third party providers has required changes to
 Applied’s existing operations and the adoption of new
 procedures and processes for retaining and managing these
 providers, as well as redistributing responsibilities as
 warranted, in order to realize the potential productivity and
 operational efficiencies, assure quality and continuity of
 supply, and protect Applied’s intellectual property. If
 Applied does not accurately forecast the amount, timing and mix
 of demand for products, or if contract manufacturers or other
 outsource providers fail to perform in a timely manner or at
 satisfactory quality levels, Applied’s ability to meet
 customer requirements could suffer, particularly during a market
 upturn.

 In addition, Applied is implementing a comprehensive program to
 better align its global organizations and processes, including
 initiatives to enhance the Asia supply chain, integrate its
 sales teams into the business units, and improve back office and
 information technology infrastructure for more efficient
 transaction processing. Applied also is implementing a
 multi-year, company-wide program to transform certain business
 processes, including the transition to a single enterprise
 resource planning (ERP) software system to perform various
 functions. The implementation of additional functionality to the
 ERP system entails certain risks, including difficulties with
 changes in business processes that could disrupt Applied’s
 operations, such as its ability to track orders and timely ship
 products, project inventory requirements, manage its supply
 chain and aggregate financial and operational data. The
 implementation of new initiatives may not achieve the
 anticipated benefits and may divert management’s attention
 from other operational activities, negatively affect employee
 morale, or have other unintended consequences.

 If Applied does not effectively develop and implement its
 outsourcing and relocation strategies, if required export and
 other governmental approvals are not timely obtained, if
 Applied’s third party providers do not perform as
 anticipated, or if there are delays or difficulties in enhancing
 business processes, Applied may not realize anticipated
 productivity improvements or cost efficiencies, and may
 experience operational difficulties, increased costs (including
 energy and transportation), manufacturing interruptions or
 delays, inefficiencies in the structure
 and/or
 operation of its supply chain, loss of its intellectual property
 rights, quality issues, increased product

 23

Table of Contents

 time-to-market,

and/or
 inefficient allocation of human resources, any or all of which
 could materially and adversely affect Applied’s business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 Applied
 may incur impairment charges to goodwill or long-lived
 assets.

 Applied has a significant amount of goodwill and other acquired
 intangible assets related to acquisitions. Goodwill and
 purchased intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not
 amortized, but are reviewed for impairment annually during the
 fourth quarter of each fiscal year, and more frequently when
 events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
 value of an asset may not be recoverable. The review compares
 the fair value for each of Applied’s reporting units to its
 associated carrying value, including goodwill. Factors that
 could lead to impairment of goodwill and intangible assets
 include adverse industry or economic trends, reduced estimates
 of future cash flows, declines in the market price of Applied
 common stock, changes in the Company’s strategies or
 product portfolio, and restructuring activities. Applied’s
 valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires
 management to make judgments and assumptions based on historical
 experience and projections of future operating performance.
 Applied may be required to record a charge to earnings during
 the period in which an impairment of goodwill or amortizable
 intangible assets is determined to exist, which could materially
 and adversely affect Applied’s results of operations.

 Applied
 is exposed to various risks related to legal proceedings or
 claims and protection of intellectual property
 rights.

 Applied from time to time is, and in the future may be, involved
 in legal proceedings or claims regarding patent infringement,
 intellectual property rights, antitrust, environmental
 regulations, securities, contracts, product performance, product
 liability, unfair competition, misappropriation of trade
 secrets, employment, workplace safety, and other matters.
 Applied also on occasion receives notification from customers
 who believe that Applied owes them indemnification or other
 obligations related to claims made against such customers by
 third parties.

 In February 2010, the Seoul Prosecutor’s Office for the
 Eastern District in Korea indicted certain employees of Applied
 Materials Korea (AMK), including the former head of AMK who at
 the time of indictment was a vice president of Applied
 Materials, Inc., along with employees of several other
 companies, alleging the improper receipt and use of the
 confidential information of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
 (Samsung), a major customer. Hearings on these matters are
 ongoing in the Seoul Eastern District Court.. Applied and
 Samsung entered into a settlement agreement effective as of
 November 1, 2010, which resolves potential civil claims
 related to this matter and which is separate from and does not
 affect the criminal proceedings.

 Legal proceedings and claims, whether with or without merit, and
 associated internal investigations, may (1) be
 time-consuming and expensive to prosecute, defend or conduct;
 (2) divert management’s attention and other Applied
 resources; (3) inhibit Applied’s ability to sell its
 products; (4) result in adverse judgments for damages,
 injunctive relief, penalties and fines;
 and/or
 (5) negatively affect Applied’s business. There can be
 no assurance regarding the outcome of current or future legal
 proceedings, claims or investigations. If Applied is not able to
 favorably resolve or settle legal proceedings or claims, or in
 the event of any adverse findings against Applied or any of its
 employees, Applied’s business, financial condition and
 results of operations could be materially and adversely affected
 and Applied may suffer harm to its reputation.

 Applied’s success depends in significant part on the
 protection of its intellectual property and other rights.
 Infringement of Applied’s rights by a third party, such as
 the unauthorized manufacture or sale of equipment or spare
 parts, could result in uncompensated lost market and revenue
 opportunities for Applied. Applied’s intellectual property
 rights may not provide significant competitive advantages if
 they are circumvented, invalidated, rendered obsolete by the
 rapid pace of technological change, or if Applied does not
 adequately protect or assert these rights. Furthermore, the laws
 and practices of other countries, including China, India, Taiwan
 and Korea, permit the protection and enforcement of
 Applied’s rights to varying extents, which may not be
 sufficient to protect Applied’s rights. Applied previously
 entered into an arrangement with one of its competitors to
 decrease the risk of patent infringement lawsuits in the future.
 There can be no assurance that the intended results of this
 arrangement will be achieved or that Applied will be able to
 adequately protect its intellectual property rights with the
 restrictions associated with the arrangement. If Applied is not
 able to favorably resolve or settle claims, obtain or enforce

 24

Table of Contents

 intellectual property rights, obtain necessary licenses on
 commercially reasonable terms,
 and/or
 successfully prosecute or defend its intellectual property
 position, Applied’s business, financial condition and
 results of operations could be materially and adversely affected
 and Applied may suffer harm to its reputation. See Note 18
 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

 Changes
 in tax rates or tax assets and liabilities could affect results
 of operations.

 As a global company, Applied is subject to taxation in the
 United States and various other countries. Significant judgment
 is required to determine and estimate worldwide tax liabilities.
 Applied’s future annual and quarterly tax rates could be
 affected by numerous factors, including changes in the:
 (1) applicable tax laws; (2) amount and composition of
 pre-tax income in countries with differing tax rates; or
 (3) valuation of Applied’s deferred tax assets and
 liabilities.

 To better align with the increasingly international nature of
 its business, Applied is transitioning certain manufacturing,
 supply chain, and other operations into Asia, bringing these
 activities closer to customers. These changes are expected to
 result in a reduction of future operating costs. In Singapore,
 Applied is pursuing available tax incentives that provide that
 certain income earned in Singapore would be subject to tax
 holidays or reduced income tax rates. To obtain these tax
 benefits, Applied must meet requirements relating to various
 activities. Applied is engaged in discussions with tax
 authorities in Singapore and the United States concerning these
 incentives. Applied’s ability to realize benefits from
 these initiatives could be materially affected if, among other
 things, applicable requirements are not met, the incentives are
 substantially modified, or if Applied incurs net losses for
 which it cannot claim a deduction.

 In addition, Applied is subject to regular examination by the
 Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities, and from
 time to time initiates amendments to previously filed tax
 returns. Applied regularly assesses the likelihood of favorable
 or unfavorable outcomes resulting from these examinations and
 amendments to determine the adequacy of its provision for income
 taxes, which requires estimates and judgments. Although Applied
 believes its tax estimates are reasonable, there can be no
 assurance that the tax authorities will agree with such
 estimates. Applied may have to engage in litigation to achieve
 the results reflected in the estimates, which may be
 time-consuming and expensive. There can be no assurance that
 Applied will be successful or that any final determination will
 not be materially different from the treatment reflected in
 Applied’s historical income tax provisions and accruals,
 which could materially and adversely affect Applied’s
 financial condition and results of operations.

 Applied
 is subject to risks of non-compliance with environmental and
 safety regulations.

 Applied is subject to environmental and safety regulations in
 connection with its global business operations, including but
 not limited to: regulations related to the development,
 manufacture and use of its products; recycling and disposal of
 materials used in its products or in producing its products; the
 operation of its facilities; and the use of its real property.
 The failure or inability to comply with existing or future
 environmental and safety regulations, such as those related to
 climate change, could result in: (1) significant
 remediation liabilities; (2) the imposition of fines;
 (3) the suspension or termination of the development,
 manufacture, sale or use of certain of its products;
 (4) limitations on the operation of its facilities or
 ability to use its real property;
 and/or
 (5) a decrease in the value of its real property, each of
 which could have a material adverse effect on Applied’s
 business, financial condition and results of operations.

 Applied
 is exposed to various risks related to the regulatory
 environment.

 Applied is subject to various risks related to: (1) new,
 different, inconsistent or even conflicting laws, rules and
 regulations that may be enacted by legislative bodies
 and/or
 regulatory agencies in the countries in which Applied operates;
 (2) disagreements or disputes between national or regional
 regulatory agencies related to international trade; and
 (3) the interpretation and application of laws, rules and
 regulations. For example, as a public company with global
 operations, Applied is subject to the laws of multiple
 jurisdictions and the rules and regulations of various governing
 bodies, including those related to financial and other
 disclosures, corporate governance, privacy, and anti-corruption.
 Changes in laws, regulations and standards may create
 uncertainty regarding compliance matters. Efforts to comply with
 new and changing regulations have resulted in, and are likely to
 continue to result in, increased general and administrative
 expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from
 revenue-

 25

Table of Contents

 generating activities to compliance activities. If Applied is
 found by a court or regulatory agency not to be in compliance
 with applicable laws, rules or regulations, Applied could be
 subject to legal or regulatory sanctions, the public’s
 perception of Applied could decline, and Applied’s
 business, financial condition and results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected.