The
 industries that Applied serves is volatile and
 unpredictable.

 As a supplier to the global semiconductor and
 semiconductor-related industries, Applied is subject to business
 cycles, the timing, length and volatility of which can be
 difficult to predict. The industries have historically been
 cyclical due to sudden changes in demand and manufacturing
 capacity, including capacity using the latest technology. The
 effect on Applied of these changes in demand, including
 end-customer demand, is occurring more rapidly, exacerbating the
 volatility of these cycles. These changes have affected the
 timing and amounts of customers’ purchases and investments
 in technology, and continue to affect Applied’s orders, net
 sales, gross margin, contributed profit and results of
 operations.

 Applied must effectively manage its resources and production
 capacity to meet changing demand. During periods of increasing
 demand for semiconductor and semiconductor-related manufacturing
 equipment, Applied must have sufficient manufacturing capacity
 and inventory to meet customer demand and must be able to
 attract, retain and motivate a sufficient number of qualified
 individuals and effectively manage its supply chain. During
 periods of decreasing demand, Applied must be able to
 appropriately align its cost structure with prevailing market
 conditions, effectively motivate and retain key employees, and
 effectively manage its supply chain. If Applied is not able to
 timely and appropriately align its cost structure with business
 conditions
 and/or
 effectively manage its resources and production capacity,
 including its supply chain, during changes in demand,
 Applied’s business, financial condition or results of
 operations may be materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes in the
 semiconductor and
 semiconductor-related
 industries.

 The global industries in which Applied operates are
 characterized by ongoing changes, including: (1) changes in
 customers’ capacity requirements, capacity utilization and
 capital spending, which depend in part on the demand for
 customers’ products and their inventory levels relative to
 demand; (2) the importance of reducing the cost of system
 ownership, due in part to the increasing significance of
 consumer electronics as a driver for semiconductor and display
 demand and the related focus on lower prices; (3) varying
 levels of business information technology spending;
 (4) increasingly complex technology requirements, including
 a significant rise in the number and importance of new materials
 and importance of expertise in chemical processes and device
 structure; (5) the growing types and varieties of
 semiconductors and expanding number of applications across
 multiple substrate sizes, resulting in customers’ divergent
 technical demands and different rates of spending on capital
 equipment; (6) customers’ varying adoption rates of
 new technology; (7) a rising percentage of business from
 customers in Asia and the emergence of customers, competitors
 and suppliers in new geographical regions; (8) demand for
 shorter cycle times for the development, manufacture and
 installation of manufacturing equipment; (9) the heightened
 importance to customers of system reliability and productivity,
 and the effect on demand for systems as a result of their
 increasing productivity, device yield and reliability;
 (10) differing rates of market growth for, and capital
 investments by, various semiconductor device makers, such as
 memory (including NAND flash and DRAM), logic, foundry, display
 and solar; (11) customers’ increasing use of
 partnerships, alliances, joint ventures and industry consortia,
 which has increased the influence of key integrated circuit
 manufacturers in technology decisions made by their global
 partners; (12) higher capital requirements for building and
 operating new semiconductor fabrication plants; (13) the
 increasing difficulty for customers to move from product design
 to volume manufacturing; (14) the challenge to
 semiconductor manufacturers of moving volume manufacturing from
 one technology node to the next smaller technology node and the
 resulting impact on the technology transition rate;
 (15) the increasing cost and reduced affordability of
 research and development due to many factors, including
 decreasing linewidths and the increasing number of materials,
 applications and process steps; (16) the industry growth
 rate; (17) the increasing importance of the availability of
 spare parts to assure maximum system uptime; (18) concern
 among United States governmental agencies regarding possible
 national commercial
 and/or
 security issues posed by the growing manufacturing business in
 Asia; and (19) the increasing importance of operating
 flexibility to enable different responses to different markets,
 customers and applications. The solar market, which Applied
 recently entered, is

 13

Table of Contents

 also characterized by ongoing changes in demand for PV products
 arising from, among other things, fluctuations in the cost of
 fossil fuels and electric power, availability of government
 subsidies, the performance and reliability of PV technology, and
 the success of other renewable energy sources. If Applied does
 not successfully manage the risks resulting from the ongoing
 changes occurring in the semiconductor and semiconductor-related
 industries, its business, financial condition and results of
 operations could be materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 must adapt its business and product offerings to respond to
 competition and rapid technological changes.

 As Applied operates in a highly competitive environment, its
 future success depends on many factors, including the effective
 development, commercialization and customer acceptance of its
 nanomanufacturing technology equipment, service and related
 products. In addition, Applied must successfully execute its
 growth strategy, including enhancing market share in existing
 markets, expanding into related markets, and cultivating new
 markets and new business models, while constantly improving its
 operational performance. The development, introduction and
 support of a broadening set of products in more varied
 competitive environments have grown increasingly complex and
 expensive over time. Applied’s success is subject to many
 risks, including but not limited to its ability to timely,
 cost-effectively and successfully: (1) improve and develop
 new applications for existing products and increase market share
 in its existing markets; (2) develop, appropriately price,
 and achieve market acceptance of new products; (3) expand
 into or develop related and new markets for its
 nanomanufacturing technology; (4) anticipate and capitalize
 on opportunities in new markets, such as solar, and with new
 technologies; (5) supply a range of Applied and non-Applied
 products as part of its solar offerings; (6) appropriately
 allocate resources, including RD&E funding, among
 Applied’s products and between the development of new
 products and the improvement of existing products;
 (7) accurately forecast demand and meet production
 schedules for its products; (8) achieve cost efficiencies
 across product offerings; (9) adapt to technology changes
 in related markets, such as lithography; (10) develop,
 market and price similar products for use by customers in
 different applications
 and/or
 markets that may have varying technical requirements;
 (11) adapt to changes in value offered by companies in
 different parts of the supply chain; (12) qualify products
 for volume manufacturing with its customers; (13) implement
 changes in its design engineering methodology, including those
 that enable significant decreases in material costs and cycle
 time, greater commonality of platforms and types of parts used
 in different systems, and effective product life cycle
 management; (14) improve its manufacturing processes; and
 (15) deploy initiatives to transform Applied’s
 information technology systems and enhance business processes,
 including transitioning to a single-vendor enterprise resource
 planning (ERP) software system. Furthermore, new or improved
 products may involve higher costs and reduced efficiencies
 compared to Applied’s more established products and could
 adversely affect Applied’s gross margins. Also, entry into
 new markets entails additional challenges, including those
 arising from changes in Applied’s customer

and/or
 supplier base. In addition, Applied must regularly reassess the
 size, capability and location of its global infrastructure and
 timely make appropriate changes in its real estate and
 facilities portfolio. If Applied does not successfully manage
 these challenges, its business, financial condition and results
 of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 is exposed to the risks of operating a global
 business.

 In fiscal 2006, more than 80 percent of Applied’s net
 sales were to customers in regions outside the United States.
 Certain of Applied’s RD&E and manufacturing facilities,
 as well as suppliers to Applied, are also located outside the
 United States. Managing Applied’s global operations
 presents challenges, including but not limited to, those arising
 from: (1) varying regional and geopolitical business
 conditions and demands; (2) global trade issues;
 (3) variations in protection of intellectual property and
 other legal rights in different countries; (4) fluctuating
 raw material and energy costs; (5) variations in the
 ability to develop relationships with suppliers and other local
 businesses; (6) changes in laws and regulations of the
 United States (including export restrictions) and other
 countries, as well as their interpretation and application;
 (7) fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange
 rates; (8) the need to provide sufficient levels of
 technical support in different locations; (9) political
 instability, natural disasters (such as earthquakes, floods or
 storms), pandemics, terrorism or acts of war where Applied has
 operations, suppliers or sales; (10) cultural differences;
 (11) special customer- or government-supported efforts to
 promote the development and growth of local competitors; and
 (12) shipping costs
 and/or
 delays. Many of these challenges are present in China, which is
 experiencing significant growth of both suppliers and
 prospective

 14

Table of Contents

 competitors to Applied, and which Applied believes presents a
 large potential market for its products and opportunity for
 growth over the long term. These challenges, as well as global
 uncertainties with respect to: (1) economic growth rates in
 various countries; (2) consumer confidence; (3) the
 sustainability, timing, rate and amount of demand for
 electronics products and integrated circuits; (4) capital
 and operational spending by semiconductor and display
 manufacturers; and (5) price trends for certain integrated
 circuit devices, may materially and adversely affect
 Applied’s business, financial condition and results of
 operations.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks associated with a highly concentrated
 customer base.

 Applied’s customer base is and has historically been highly
 concentrated. Orders from a relatively limited number of
 manufacturers have accounted for, and are expected to continue
 to account for, a substantial portion of Applied’s net
 sales. In addition, the mix and type of customers, and sales to
 any single customer, may vary significantly from quarter to
 quarter and from year to year. Moreover, certain customers,
 particularly in emerging areas such as solar, may have capital
 resource constraints
 and/or a
 limited operating history. If customers do not place orders, or
 they delay or cancel orders, Applied may not be able to replace
 the business. As Applied’s products are configured to
 customer specifications, changing, rescheduling or canceling
 orders may result in significant non- recoverable costs. Major
 customers may also seek, and on occasion receive, pricing,
 payment, intellectual property-related or other commercial terms
 that are less favorable to Applied. In addition, certain
 customers have undergone significant ownership changes

and/or
 formed strategic alliances or collaborative efforts, which may
 result in additional complexities in managing customer
 relationships and transactions. These factors could have a
 material adverse effect on Applied’s business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 Manufacturing
 interruptions or delays could affect Applied’s ability to
 meet customer demand, while the failure to estimate customer
 demand accurately could result in excess or obsolete
 inventory.

 Applied’s business depends on its ability to supply
 equipment, services and related products that meet the rapidly
 changing requirements of its customers, which depends in part on
 the timely delivery of parts, components and subassemblies
 (collectively, parts) from suppliers. Some key parts may be
 subject to long lead-times
 and/or
 obtainable only from a single supplier or limited group of
 suppliers, and some sourcing or subassembly is provided by
 suppliers in developing regions, including China. In addition,
 Applied has implemented several key operational initiatives
 intended to improve manufacturing efficiency, including

integrate-to-order,
 module-final-test and

merge-in-transit
 programs. Applied has also begun a multi-year, company-wide
 program to transform certain business processes that includes
 transitioning to a single-vendor enterprise resource planning
 (ERP) software system to perform various functions, such as
 order management and manufacturing control. Significant
 interruptions of manufacturing operations or the delivery of
 services as a result of (1) the failure or inability of
 suppliers to timely deliver quality parts; (2) volatility
 in the availability and cost of materials; (3) difficulties
 or delays in obtaining required export approvals;
 (4) information technology or infrastructure failures;
 (5) difficulties and costs related to planning or effecting
 business process changes and implementing a new ERP system;
 (6) natural disasters (such as earthquakes, floods or
 storms); or (7) other causes (such as regional economic
 downturns, pandemics, political instability, terrorism or acts
 of war), could result in delayed deliveries, manufacturing
 inefficiencies, increased costs or order cancellations.
 Moreover, if actual demand for Applied’s products is
 different than expected, Applied may purchase more/fewer parts
 than necessary or incur costs for canceling, postponing or
 expediting delivery of parts. Any or all of these factors could
 materially and adversely affect Applied’s business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 The
 failure to successfully implement and conduct offshoring and
 outsourcing activities could adversely affect results of
 operations.

 To better align costs with market conditions, increase its
 presence in growing markets, and enhance productivity and
 operational efficiency, Applied conducts engineering, software
 development and other operations in regions outside the United
 States, particularly India and China, and outsources certain
 functions to third parties, including companies in the United
 States, India, China and other countries. Outsourced functions
 include engineering, manufacturing, customer support, software
 development and administrative activities. The expanding role of
 third party providers has required changes to Applied’s
 existing operations and the adoption of new

 15

Table of Contents

 procedures and processes for retaining and managing these
 providers in order to protect its intellectual property. If
 Applied does not effectively develop and implement its
 offshoring and outsourcing strategies, if required export and
 other governmental approvals are not timely obtained, or if
 Applied’s third party providers do not perform as
 anticipated, Applied may not realize productivity improvements
 or cost efficiencies and may experience operational
 difficulties, increased costs, manufacturing interruptions or
 delays, loss of its intellectual property rights, quality
 issues, increased product
 time-to-market

and/or
 inefficient allocation of human resources, any or all of which
 could materially and adversely affect Applied’s business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 Applied
 is exposed to risks associated with acquisitions and strategic
 investments.

 Applied has made, and in the future intends to make,
 acquisitions of, or investments in, companies, technologies or
 products in existing, related or new markets for Applied.
 Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including but not limited
 to: (1) diversion of management’s attention from other
 operational matters; (2) inability to complete acquisitions
 as anticipated or at all; (3) inability to realize
 anticipated benefits; (4) failure to commercialize
 purchased technologies; (5) inability to capitalize on
 characteristics of new markets that may be significantly
 different from Applied’s existing markets;
 (6) inability to obtain and protect intellectual property
 rights in key technologies; (7) ineffectiveness of an
 acquired company’s internal controls; (8) impairment
 of acquired intangible assets as a result of technological
 advancements or
 worse-than-expected
 performance of the acquired company or its product offerings;
 (9) unknown, underestimated

and/or
 undisclosed commitments or liabilities; (10) excess or
 underutilized facilities; and (11) ineffective integration
 of operations, technologies, products or employees of the
 acquired companies. Applied also makes strategic investments in
 other companies, including companies formed as joint ventures,
 which may decline in value

and/or not
 meet desired objectives. The success of these investments
 depends on various factors over which Applied may have limited
 or no control and, particularly with respect to joint ventures,
 requires ongoing and effective cooperation with strategic
 partners. Mergers and acquisitions and strategic investments are
 inherently subject to significant risks, and the inability to
 effectively manage these risks could materially and adversely
 affect Applied’s business, financial condition and results
 of operations.

 The
 ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees is vital
 to Applied’s success.

 Applied’s success and competitiveness depend in large part
 on its ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees.
 Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors,
 including fluctuations in global economic and industry
 conditions, changes in Applied’s management or leadership,
 competitors’ hiring practices, and the effectiveness of
 Applied’s compensation programs, including its equity-based
 programs. Applied regularly evaluates its overall compensation
 program and makes adjustments, as appropriate, to enhance its
 competitiveness, such as instituting broad-based grants of
 restricted stock units in fiscal 2006. If Applied does not
 successfully attract, retain and motivate key employees,
 Applied’s ability to capitalize on its opportunities and
 its operating results may be materially and adversely affected.

 Changes
 in tax rates or tax liabilities could affect
 results.

 As a global company, Applied is subject to taxation in the
 United States and various other countries. Significant judgment
 is required to determine and estimate worldwide tax liabilities.
 Applied’s future annual and quarterly tax rates could be
 affected by numerous factors, including changes in the
 (1) applicable tax laws; (2) composition of earnings
 in countries with differing tax rates; or (3) valuation of
 Applied’s deferred tax assets and liabilities. In addition,
 Applied is subject to regular examination of its income tax
 returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax
 authorities. Applied regularly assesses the likelihood of
 favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from these
 examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for
 income taxes. Although Applied believes its tax estimates are
 reasonable, there can be no assurance that any final
 determination will not be materially different from the
 treatment reflected in Applied’s historical income tax
 provisions and accruals, which could materially and adversely
 affect Applied’s results of operations.

 16

Table of Contents

 Applied
 is exposed to various risks related to legal proceedings or
 claims and protection of intellectual property
 rights.

 Applied from time to time is, and in the future may be, involved
 in legal proceedings or claims regarding patent infringement,
 intellectual property rights, antitrust, environmental
 regulations, securities, contracts, product performance, product
 liability, unfair competition, employment and other matters. In
 addition, Applied on occasion receives notification from
 customers who believe that Applied owes them indemnification or
 other obligations related to claims made against customers by
 third parties. These legal proceedings and claims, whether with
 or without merit, may be time-consuming and expensive to
 prosecute or defend and also divert management’s attention
 and resources. There can be no assurance regarding the outcome
 of current or future legal proceedings or claims. Applied
 previously entered into a mutual
 covenant-not-to-sue
 arrangement with one of its competitors to decrease the risk of
 patent infringement lawsuits in the future. There can be no
 assurance that the intended results of this arrangement will be
 achieved or that Applied will be able to adequately protect its
 intellectual property rights with the restrictions associated
 with such a covenant. In addition, Applied’s success
 depends in significant part on the protection of its
 intellectual property and other rights. Infringement of
 Applied’s rights by a third party, such as the unauthorized
 manufacture or sale of equipment or spare parts, could result in
 uncompensated lost market and revenue opportunities for Applied.
 Applied’s intellectual property rights may not provide
 significant competitive advantages if they are circumvented,
 invalidated, rendered obsolete by the rapid pace of
 technological change, or if Applied does not adequately assert
 these rights. Furthermore, the laws and practices of other
 countries, including China, Taiwan and Korea, permit the
 protection and enforcement of Applied’s rights to varying
 extents, which may not be sufficient to protect Applied’s
 rights. If Applied is not able to obtain or enforce intellectual
 property rights, resolve or settle claims, obtain necessary
 licenses on commercially reasonable terms,

and/or
 successfully prosecute or defend its position, Applied’s
 business, financial condition and results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 is subject to risks of non-compliance with environmental and
 safety regulations.

 Applied is subject to environmental and safety regulations in
 connection with its global business operations, including but
 not limited to regulations related to the development,
 manufacture and use of its products; recycling and disposal of
 materials used in its products; the operation of its facilities;
 and the use of its real property. Failure or inability to comply
 with existing or future environmental and safety regulations
 could result in significant remediation liabilities, the
 imposition of fines
 and/or the
 suspension or termination of development, manufacture, sale or
 use of certain of its products,

and/or may
 affect the operation of its facilities, use or value of its real
 property, each of which could have a material adverse effect on
 Applied’s business, financial condition and results of
 operations.

 Applied
 is exposed to various risks related to the regulatory
 environment.

 Applied is subject to various risks related to: (1) new,
 different, inconsistent or even conflicting laws, rules and
 regulations that may be enacted by legislative bodies
 and/or
 regulatory agencies in the countries in which Applied operates;
 (2) disagreements or disputes between national or regional
 regulatory agencies related to international trade; and
 (3) the interpretation and application of laws, rules and
 regulations. If Applied is found by a court or regulatory agency
 not to be in compliance with applicable laws, rules or
 regulations, Applied’s business, financial condition and
 results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

 Applied
 is subject to internal control evaluations and attestation
 requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act.

 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
 Applied must include in its annual report on
 Form 10-K
 a report of management on the effectiveness of Applied’s
 internal control over financial reporting and an attestation by
 Applied’s independent registered public accounting firm to
 the adequacy of management’s assessment of Applied’s
 internal control. Ongoing compliance with these requirements is
 complex, costly and time-consuming. If (1) Applied fails to
 maintain effective internal control over financial reporting;
 (2) Applied’s management does not timely assess the
 adequacy of such internal control; or (3) Applied’s
 independent registered

 17

Table of Contents

 public accounting firm does not timely attest to the evaluation,
 Applied could be subject to regulatory sanctions and the
 public’s perception of Applied may decline.