The
risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, you should consider
the interrelationship and compounding effects of two or more risks occurring simultaneously. 

Intel Corporation’s dominance of
the microprocessor market and its aggressive business practices may limit our ability to compete effectively. 

Intel
Corporation has dominated the market for microprocessors for many years. Intel’s market share, margins and significant financial resources enable it to market its products aggressively, to target our customers and our channel partners with
special incentives, and to discipline customers who do business with us. These aggressive activities have in the past and are likely in the future to result in lower unit sales and a lower average selling price for our products and adversely affect
our margins and profitability. 

Intel exerts substantial influence over computer manufacturers and their channels of
distribution through various brand and other marketing programs. As a result of Intel’s dominant position in the microprocessor market, Intel has been able to control x86 microprocessor and computer system standards and benchmarks and to
dictate the type of products the microprocessor market requires of us. Intel also dominates the computer system platform, which includes core logic chipsets, graphics chips, motherboards and other components necessary to assemble a computer system.
Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs), that purchase microprocessors for computer systems are highly dependent on Intel, less innovative on their own and, to a large extent, are distributors of Intel technology. Additionally, Intel is able to
drive de facto standards for x86 microprocessors that could cause us and other companies to have delayed access to such standards. 

Intel has substantially greater financial resources than we do and accordingly spends substantially greater amounts on marketing and research and development than we do. We expect Intel to maintain its
dominant position and to continue to invest heavily in marketing, research and development, new manufacturing facilities and other technology companies. To the extent Intel manufactures a significantly larger portion of its microprocessor products
using more advanced process technologies, or introduces competitive new products into the market before we do, we may be more vulnerable to Intel’s aggressive marketing and pricing strategies for microprocessor products. 

Intel also leverages its dominance in the microprocessor market to sell its integrated graphics chipsets. Intel manufactures and sells
integrated graphics chipsets bundled with their microprocessors and is a dominant competitor with respect to this portion of our business. Intel could also take actions that place our discrete GPUs at a competitive disadvantage, including giving one
or more of our competitors in the graphics market, such as Nvidia Corporation, preferential access to its proprietary graphics interface or other useful information. 

As long as Intel remains in this dominant position, we may be materially adversely affected by Intel’s: 

•

 business practices, including rebating and allocation strategies and pricing actions, designed to limit our market share and margins;

•

 product mix and introduction schedules; 

•

 product bundling, marketing and merchandising strategies; 

•

 exclusivity payments to its current and potential customers and channel partners; 

•

 control over industry standards, PC manufacturers and other PC industry participants, including motherboard, memory, chipset and basic input/output
system, or BIOS, suppliers and software companies as well as the graphics interface for Intel platforms; and 

•

 marketing and advertising expenditures in support of positioning the Intel brand over the brand of its OEM customers. 

18 

Table of Contents

Intel’s dominant position in the microprocessor market and integrated graphics chipset
market, its existing relationships with top-tier OEMs and its aggressive marketing and pricing strategies could result in lower unit sales and a lower average selling price for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on us.

The success of our business is dependent upon our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels
that provide value to our customers while supporting and coinciding with significant industry transitions. 

Our success
depends to a significant extent on the development, qualification, implementation and acceptance of new product designs and improvements that provide value to our customers. Our ability to develop, qualify and distribute new products and related
technologies to meet evolving industry requirements, at prices acceptable to our customers and on a timely basis are significant factors in determining our competitiveness in our target markets. For example, form factors have increasingly shifted
from desktop PCs to mobile PCs, and tablets have been one of the fastest growing form factors. Also, ARM-based processors are being used in mobile and embedded electronics products as relatively low cost and small microprocessors and also in form
factors such as laptops, tablets and smartphones. Historically, a significant portion of our Computing Solutions revenue has been related to desktop PCs. Currently, approximately 85% of our business is focused on the legacy PC portions of the
market, projected to have slowing growth over the next several years. To the extent consumers adopt new form factors and have different requirements than those consumers in the PC market, PC sales could be negatively impacted, which could negatively
impact our business. If we fail to or are delayed in developing, qualifying or shipping new products or technologies that provide value to our customers and address these new trends, we may lose competitive positioning, which could cause us to lose
market share and require us to discount the selling prices of our products. Although we make substantial investments in research and development, we cannot be certain that we will be able to develop, obtain or successfully implement new products and
technologies on a timely basis. 

Delays in developing, qualifying or shipping new products can also cause us to miss our
customers’ product design windows. If our customers do not include our products in the initial design of their computer systems, they will typically not use our products in their systems until at least the next design configuration. The process
of being qualified for inclusion in a customer’s system can be lengthy and could cause us to further miss a cycle in the demand of end-users, which also could result in a loss of market share and harm our business. 

Moreover, market demand requires that products incorporate new features and performance standards on an industry-wide basis. Over the
life of a specific product, the average selling price undergoes regular price reductions. The introduction of new products and enhancements to existing products is necessary to maintain an overall corporate average selling price. If we are unable to
introduce new products with sufficient increases in average selling price or increased unit sales volumes capable of offsetting the reductions in the average selling price of existing products, our business could be materially adversely affected.

Global economic uncertainty may adversely impact our business and operating results. 

Uncertain global economic conditions have in the past and may in the future adversely impact our business. Uncertainty in the worldwide
economic environment may negatively impact consumer confidence and spending causing our customers to postpone purchases. For example, our revenue in the second half of 2012 was adversely affected, in part, by the overall weakness in the global
economy and weak consumer demand for end-user PC products, which impacted sales. We do not expect PC market conditions to improve during the first half of 2013. 

In addition, during challenging economic times, our current or potential future customers may experience cash flow problems and as a result may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase our products.
Additionally, if our customers are not successful in generating sufficient revenue or are unable to secure financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable that they owe us. Any inability of our current or
potential future customers to pay us for our products may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. Moreover, 

19 

Table of Contents

our key suppliers may reduce their output or become insolvent, thereby adversely impacting our ability to manufacture our products. In addition, uncertain economic conditions may make it more
difficult for us to raise funds through borrowings or private or public sales of debt or equity securities. 

If we cannot generate
sufficient revenues and operating cash flow or obtain external financing, we may face a cash shortfall and be unable to make all of our planned investments in research and development or other strategic investments. 

Our ability to fund research and development expenditures depends on generating sufficient cash flow from operations and the availability
of external financing, if necessary. Our research and development expenditures, together with ongoing operating expenses, will be a substantial drain on our cash flow and may decrease our cash balances. If new competitors, technological advances by
existing competitors or other competitive factors require us to invest significantly greater resources than anticipated in our research and development efforts, our operating expenses would increase. If we are required to invest significantly
greater resources than anticipated in research and development efforts without an increase in revenue, our operating results could decline. 

We believe that the challenging macroeconomic conditions that we experienced in the second half of 2012 will continue during the first half of 2013. We regularly assess markets for external financing
opportunities, including debt and equity financing. Additional debt or equity financing may not be available when needed or, if available, may not be available on satisfactory terms. The health of the credit markets may adversely impact our ability
to obtain financing when needed. In addition, any downgrades from credit rating agencies such as Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s may adversely impact our ability to obtain external financing or the terms of such financing. Credit
agency downgrades may also impact relationships with our suppliers, who may limit our credit lines. For example, in the first quarter of 2013 Moody’s lowered our corporate family rating to B2 from B1, and the ratings on our senior unsecured
notes to B2 from B1. Furthermore, in the first quarter of 2013, Standard & Poor lowered our corporate credit and senior unsecured rating from B to BB. Our inability to obtain needed financing or to generate sufficient cash from operations
may require us to abandon projects or curtail planned investments in research and development or other strategic initiatives. If we curtail planned investments in research and development or abandon projects, our products may fail to remain
competitive and our business would be materially adversely affected. 

If we are unable to successfully implement our cost cutting
efforts, our business could be materially adversely affected

. 

In the fourth quarter of 2012, we
implemented a restructuring plan designed to improve our cost structure and to strengthen our competitiveness in core growth areas. The plan primarily involves a workforce reduction of approximately 14% as well as asset impairments and facility
consolidations. We expect the restructuring action will result in operational savings, primarily in operating expenses, of approximately $190 million in 2013. We cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve the level of operational savings that
we expect. If our headcount reductions are not effectively managed, we may experience unanticipated effects from these reductions causing harm to our business and customer relationships. In addition, we are currently evaluating further facility
consolidations, and depending on the outcome of such evaluation, we may incur additional restructuring charges, which may be material. 

We rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using
competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

We rely on third party wafer foundries
to fabricate the silicon wafers for all of our products. We also rely on third party providers to assemble, test, mark and pack certain of our products. It is important to have reliable relationships with all of these third party manufacturing
suppliers to ensure adequate product supply to respond to customer demand. 

We cannot assure you that these manufacturers or
our other third party manufacturing suppliers will be able to meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements. For example, during the fourth quarter of 2011, we experienced reduced supply of 45nm products from GF because of a
manufacturing disruption that reduced 

20 

Table of Contents

the number of 45nm wafers available for production. If we experience future supply constraints from our third party manufacturing suppliers, we may be required to allocate the affected products
amongst our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our relationships with these customers and on our financial condition. In addition, if we are unable to meet customer demand due to fluctuating or late supply from our
manufacturing suppliers, it could result in lost sales and have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We do not have
long-term commitment contracts with some of our third party manufacturing suppliers. We obtain some of these manufacturing services on a purchase order basis and these manufacturers are not required to provide us with any specified minimum quantity
of product beyond the quantities in an existing purchase order. Accordingly, we depend on these suppliers to allocate to us a portion of their manufacturing capacity sufficient to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality and at
acceptable manufacturing yields and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis and at acceptable prices. The manufacturers we use also fabricate wafers and assemble, test and package products for other companies, including certain of our
competitors. They could choose to prioritize capacity for other users, increase the prices that they charge us on short notice or reduce or eliminate deliveries to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Other risks associated with our dependence on third-party manufacturers include limited control over delivery schedules and quality
assurance, lack of capacity in periods of excess demand, misappropriation of our intellectual property, dependence on several small undercapitalized subcontractors, and limited ability to manage inventory and parts. Moreover, if any of our third
party manufacturing suppliers suffer any damage to facilities, lose benefits under material agreements, experience power outages, lack sufficient capacity to manufacture our products, encounter financial difficulties, are unable to secure necessary
raw materials from their suppliers, or suffer any other disruption or reduction in efficiency, we may encounter supply delays or disruptions. If we are unable to secure sufficient or reliable supplies of products, our ability to meet customer demand
may be adversely affected and this could materially affect our business. 

If we transition the production of some of our
products to new manufacturers, we may experience delayed product introductions, lower yields or poorer performance of our products. If we experience problems with product quality or are unable to secure sufficient capacity from a particular third
party manufacturing supplier, or if we for other reasons cease utilizing one of those suppliers, we may be unable to secure an alternative supply for any specific product in a short time frame. We could experience significant delays in the shipment
of our products if we are required to find alternative third party manufacturing suppliers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We rely on GF to manufacture most of our microprocessor and APU products. If GF is not able to satisfy our manufacturing requirements, our business could be adversely impacted. 

The WSA governs the terms by which we purchase products manufactured by GF. Pursuant to the WSA, we are required to purchase all of our
microprocessor and APU product requirements from GF with limited exceptions. If GF is unable to achieve anticipated manufacturing yields, remain competitive using advanced process technologies, manufacture our products on a timely basis, or meet our
capacity requirements, then we may experience delays in product launches or supply shortages for certain products and our business could be materially adversely affected. For example, during the third quarter of 2011, GF experienced yield and other
manufacturing difficulties related to 32nm wafer fabrication, resulting in lower than expected supply of 32nm products to us. Also in the third quarter of 2011, we experienced supply constraints for our 45nm microprocessor products from GF due to
complexities related to the use of common tools across both 32nm and 45nm technology nodes and because we made the decision to shift volume away from products manufactured using the 45nm technology node in order to obtain additional 32nm products.
Because we were supply constrained with respect to 32nm and 45nm wafers, our revenues and gross margin in the third quarter of 2011 were adversely impacted. Also, during the fourth quarter of 2011, we experienced reduced supply of 45nm product from
GF because of a manufacturing disruption that reduced the number of 45nm wafers available for production. 

21 

Table of Contents

On December 6, 2012, we entered into a third amendment to the WSA with GF. Pursuant to
the third amendment, we modified our wafer purchase commitments for the fourth quarter of 2012 under the second amendment to the WSA. In addition, we agreed to certain pricing and other terms of the WSA applicable to wafers for our microprocessor
and APU products to be delivered by GF to us during 2013 and through December 31, 2013. Pursuant to the third amendment, we committed to purchase a fixed number of production wafers at negotiated prices in the fourth quarter of 2012 and through
December 31, 2013. If GF encounters any problems that significantly reduce the number of functional die we receive from each wafer, then under our fixed wafer price arrangement, this will have the effect of increasing our per-unit cost for our
products and could also reduce the number of products available for sale to our customers, which may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, if our requirements are less than the fixed number of wafers that we agreed to
purchase, we could have excess inventory or higher inventory unit costs, both of which will adversely impact our gross margin and our results of operations. 

In addition, GF relies on Advanced Technology Investment Company (ATIC) for its funding needs. If ATIC fails to adequately fund GF on a timely basis, or at all, GF’s ability to manufacture products
for us would be materially adversely affected. 

Failure to achieve expected manufacturing yields for our products could negatively
impact our financial results. 

Semiconductor manufacturing yields are a result of both product design and process
technology, which is typically proprietary to the manufacturer, and low yields can result from design failures, process technology failures, or a combination of both. Our third-party foundries are responsible for the process technologies used to
fabricate silicon wafers. If our third-party foundries experience manufacturing inefficiencies or encounter disruptions, errors or difficulties during production, we may fail to achieve acceptable yields or experience product delivery delays. We
cannot be certain that our third-party foundries will be able to develop, obtain or successfully implement leading-edge process technologies needed to manufacture future generations of our products profitably or on a timely basis or that our
competitors will not develop new technologies, products or processes earlier. Moreover, during periods when foundries are implementing new process technologies, their manufacturing facilities may not be fully productive. A substantial delay in the
technology transitions to smaller process technologies could have a material adverse effect on us, particularly if our competitors transition to more cost effective technologies before us. Any decrease in manufacturing yields could result in an
increase in per unit costs, which would adversely impact our gross margin and/or force us to allocate our reduced product supply amongst our customers, which could harm our relationships with our customers and reputation and materially adversely
affect our business. 

We may not be able to successfully implement our long-term business strategy. 

We are implementing a long-term business strategy to refocus our business to address markets beyond our core, PC market to the faster
growing low power or dense server, embedded, and ultraportable and ultra-low-power markets. Currently, approximately 85% of our business is focused on the legacy PC portions of the market, projected to have slowing growth over the next several
years. The goal of our long-term strategy is to drive 40% to 50% of our portfolio to faster growth markets in the long term. Despite our efforts, we may not be able to implement our strategy in a timely manner to exploit potential market
opportunities or meet competitive challenges. Moreover, our business strategy is dependent on creating products that anticipate customer requirements and emerging industry trends. There can be no assurances that our new strategic direction will
result in innovative products and technologies that provide value to our customers. In addition, we may be entering markets where current and new competitors may be able to adapt more quickly to customer requirements and emerging technologies. We
cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against current or new competitors who may have stronger positions in these new markets. We may face delays or disruptions in research and development efforts, or we may be required to
significantly invest greater resources in research and development than anticipated. 

22 

Table of Contents

In the fourth quarter of 2012, we implemented a restructuring plan designed to improve our
cost structure and to strengthen our competitiveness in core growth areas. The plan primarily involves a workforce reduction of approximately 14% as well as asset impairments and facility consolidations. If we do not manage these headcount
reductions effectively, our ability to implement our new business strategy could be adversely impacted. 

We have a substantial amount of
indebtedness which could adversely affect our financial position and prevent us from implementing our strategy or fulfilling our contractual obligations. 

Our debt and capital lease obligations as of December 29, 2012 were $2.0 billion, which reflects the debt discount adjustment on our 6.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2015 (6.00% Notes) and our
8.125% Senior Notes due 2017 (8.125% Notes). 

Our substantial indebtedness may: 

•

 make it difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations, including making scheduled principal and interest payments;

•

 limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate and other purposes;

•

 limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general
corporate purposes; 

•

 require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service payments; 

•

 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and 

•

 increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions. 

We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt obligations. 

Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our debt will depend on our financial and operating performance, which may fluctuate
significantly from quarter to quarter, and is subject to prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow or
that we will be able to borrow funds in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our debt or to meet our working capital requirements. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or to borrow sufficient funds to service our
debt, we may be required to sell assets or equity, reduce expenditures, refinance all or a portion of our existing debt or obtain additional financing. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance our debt, sell assets or equity or borrow
more funds on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

Our debt instruments impose restrictions on us that may adversely affect our ability
to operate our business. 

The indentures governing our 8.125% Notes, 7.75% Senior Notes due 2020 (7.75% Notes) and
7.50% Senior Notes due 2022 (7.50% Notes) contain various covenants which limit our ability to: 

•

 incur additional indebtedness; 

•

 pay dividends and make other restricted payments; 

•

 make certain investments, including investments in our unrestricted subsidiaries; 

•

 create or permit certain liens; 

•

 create or permit restrictions on the ability of certain restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to us;

•

 use the proceeds from sales of assets; 

23 

Table of Contents

•

 enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates; and 

•

 consolidate or merge or sell our assets as an entirety or substantially as an entirety. 

The agreements governing our borrowing arrangements contain cross-default provisions whereby a default under one agreement would likely
result in cross defaults under agreements covering other borrowings. For example, the occurrence of a default with respect to any indebtedness or any failure to repay debt when due in an amount in excess of $50 million would cause a cross default
under the indentures governing our 7.75% Notes, 8.125% Notes, 7.50% Notes and 6.00% Notes. The occurrence of a default under any of these borrowing arrangements would permit the applicable note holders to declare all amounts outstanding under those
borrowing arrangements to be immediately due and payable. If the note holders or the trustee under the indentures governing our 7.75% Notes, 8.125% Notes, 7.50% Notes or 6.00% Notes accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we cannot assure you that
we will have sufficient assets to repay those borrowings. 

The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive.

The markets in which our products are sold are very competitive, and delivering the latest and best products to market
on a timely basis is critical to achieving revenue growth. We believe that the main factors that determine our product competitiveness are timely product introductions, product quality (including enabling state of the art visual experience), power
consumption (including battery life), reliability, selling price, speed, size (or form factor), cost, adherence to industry standards (and the creation of open industry standards), software and hardware compatibility and stability and brand
awareness. 

We expect that competition will continue to be intense due to rapid technological changes, frequent product
introductions by our competitors of products that may provide better performance or may include additional features that render our products uncompetitive and aggressive pricing by competitors, especially during challenging economic times. For
instance, with the introduction of our APU products and other competing solutions, we believe that demand for additional discrete graphic cards may decrease in the future due to both the improvement of the quality of Intel’s integrated graphics
and the graphics performance of our APUs. Using a more advanced process technology can contribute to lower product manufacturing costs and improve a product’s performance and power efficiency. If competitors introduce competitive new products
into the market before us, our business could be adversely affected. Some competitors may have greater access or rights to companion technologies, including interface, processor and memory technical information. Competitive pressures could adversely
impact the demand for our products, which could harm our business. 

The demand for our products depends in part on the market conditions
in the industries and geographies into which they are sold. Fluctuations in demand for our products or a market decline in any of these industries or geographies would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our business is dependent upon the market for desktop and mobile PCs and servers. Form factors have increasingly shifted from desktop PCs
to mobile PCs, with tablets being one of the fastest growing form factors. Historically, a significant portion of our Computing Solutions revenue has been related to desktop PCs. Currently, approximately 85% of our business is focused on the legacy
PC portions of the market, projected to have slowing growth over the next several years. Industry-wide fluctuations in the computer marketplace have materially adversely affected us in the past and may materially adversely affect us in the future.
For example, our revenue in the second half of 2012 was adversely affected, in part, by the overall weakness in the global economy and weak consumer demand for end-user PC products, which impacted sales. We do not expect PC market conditions to
improve during the first half of 2013. 

Our ability to design and introduce new products in a timely manner is dependent upon
third-party intellectual property. 

In the design and development of new products and product enhancements, we rely on
third-party intellectual property such as software development tools and hardware testing tools. Furthermore, certain product 

24 

Table of Contents

features may rely on intellectual property acquired from third parties. The design requirements necessary to meet consumer demand for more features and greater functionality from semiconductor
products may exceed the capabilities of the third-party intellectual property or development tools available to us. If the third-party intellectual property that we use becomes unavailable or fails to produce designs that meet customer demands, our
business could be materially adversely affected. 

We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of
motherboards, BIOS software and other computer platform components to support our microprocessor and graphics businesses. 

We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, BIOS software and other components that our customers utilize to support our microprocessor and GPU offerings. We
also rely on our add-in-board partners (AIBs) to support our GPU business. In addition, our microprocessors are not designed to function with motherboards and chipsets designed to work with Intel microprocessors. If the designers, manufacturers,
AIBs and suppliers of motherboards and other components decrease their support for our product offerings, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

If we lose Microsoft Corporation’s support for our products or other software vendors do not design and develop software to run on our products, our ability to sell our products could be
materially adversely affected. 

Our ability to innovate beyond the x86 instruction set controlled by Intel depends
partially on Microsoft designing and developing its operating systems to run on or support our microprocessor products. With respect to our graphics products, we depend in part on Microsoft to design and develop its operating system to run on or
support our graphics products. Similarly, the success of our products in the market, such as our APU products, is dependent on independent software providers designing and developing software to run on our products. If Microsoft does not continue to
design and develop its operating systems so that they work with our x86 instruction sets or does not continue to develop and maintain their operating systems to support our graphics products, independent software providers may forego designing their
software applications to take advantage of our innovations and customers may not purchase PCs with our products. In addition, some software drivers sold with our products are certified by Microsoft. If Microsoft did not certify a driver, or if we
otherwise fail to retain the support of Microsoft or other software vendors, our ability to market our products would be materially adversely affected. 

The loss of a significant customer may have a material adverse effect on us. 

Collectively, our top five customers accounted for approximately 51% of our net revenue in 2012. On a segment basis, during 2012, five customers accounted for approximately 59% of the net revenue of our
Computing Solutions segment and five customers accounted for approximately 48% of the net revenue of our Graphics segment. We expect that a small number of customers will continue to account for a substantial part of revenues of our microprocessor
and graphics businesses in the future. If one of our top microprocessor or graphics business customers decided to stop buying our products, or if one of these customers were to materially reduce its operations or its demand for our products, our
business would be materially adversely affected 

Our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel may hinder our business.

Much of our future success depends upon the continued service of numerous qualified engineering, marketing, sales and
executive personnel. In the fourth quarter of 2012, we implemented a restructuring plan that includes a workforce reduction of approximately 14%. If we do not manage this headcount reduction effectively, we may not able to retain qualified personnel
or attract qualified personnel in the future necessary for our operations, which could materially adversely affect our business. 

In the
event of a change of control, we may not be able to repurchase our outstanding debt as required by the applicable indentures, which would result in a default under the indentures. 

Upon a change of control, we will be required to offer to repurchase all of the 7.75% Notes, 8.125% Notes and 7.50% Notes then outstanding
at 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if 

25 

Table of Contents

any, up to, but excluding, the repurchase date. Moreover, the indenture governing our 6.00% Notes also requires us to offer to repurchase these securities upon certain change of control events.
As of December 29, 2012, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the outstanding 8.125% Notes, 7.75% Notes, 7.50% Notes and 6.00% Notes was $2.0 billion. Future debt agreements may contain similar provisions. We may not have the financial
resources to repurchase our indebtedness. 

The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced severe downturns that have
materially adversely affected, and may in the future materially adversely affect, our business. 

The semiconductor
industry is highly cyclical and has experienced significant downturns, often in conjunction with constant and rapid technological change, wide fluctuations in supply and demand, continuous new product introductions, price erosion and declines in
general economic conditions. We have incurred substantial losses in recent downturns, due to: 

•

 substantial declines in average selling prices; 

•

 the cyclical nature of supply/demand imbalances in the semiconductor industry; 

•

 a decline in demand for end-user products (such as PCs) that incorporate our products; and 

•

 excess inventory levels in the channels of distribution, including those of our customers. 

Global economic uncertainty and weakness have also impacted the semiconductor market as consumers and businesses have deferred purchases,
which negatively impacted demand for our products. Our financial performance has been, and may in the future be, negatively affected by these downturns. For example, our revenue in the second half of 2012 was adversely affected, in part, by the
overall weakness in the global economy and weak consumer demand for end-user PC products, which impacted sales. We do not expect PC market conditions to improve during the first half of 2013. 

The growth of our business is also dependent on continued demand for our products from high-growth, emerging global markets. Our ability
to be successful in such markets depends in part on our ability to establish adequate local infrastructure, as well as our ability to cultivate and maintain local relationships in these markets. If demand from these markets is below our
expectations, sales of our products may decrease, which would have a material adverse effect on us. 

Our operating results are subject
to quarterly and seasonal sales patterns. 

A substantial portion of our quarterly sales have historically been made in
the last month of the quarter. This uneven sales pattern makes prediction of revenues for each financial period difficult and increases the risk of unanticipated variations in quarterly results and financial condition. In addition, our operating
results tend to vary seasonally. For example, historically, demand in the retail sector of the PC market is often stronger during the fourth quarter as a result of the winter holiday season and weaker in the first quarter. European sales have also
been historically weaker during the summer months. Many of the factors that create and affect seasonal trends are beyond our control. 

If essential equipment or materials are not available to manufacture our products, we could be materially adversely affected. 

We purchase equipment and materials for our internal back-end manufacturing operations from a number of suppliers and our operations
depend upon obtaining deliveries of adequate supplies of equipment and materials on a timely basis. Our third party manufacturing suppliers also depend on the same timely delivery of adequate quantities of equipment and materials in the manufacture
of our products. Certain equipment and materials that are used in the manufacture of our products are available only from a limited number of suppliers. We also depend on a limited number of suppliers to provide the majority of certain types of
integrated circuit packages for 

26 

Table of Contents

our microprocessors, including APU products. Similarly, certain non-proprietary materials or components such as memory, printed circuit boards (PCBs), substrates and capacitors used in the
manufacture of our graphics products are currently available from only a limited number of sources. Because some of the equipment and materials that we and our third party manufacturing suppliers purchase are complex, it is sometimes difficult to
substitute one supplier for another. 

From time to time, suppliers may extend lead times, limit supply or increase prices due
to capacity constraints or other factors. Also, some of these materials and components may be subject to rapid changes in price and availability. Interruption of supply or increased demand in the industry could cause shortages and price increases in
various essential materials. Dependence on a sole supplier or a limited number of suppliers exacerbates these risks. If we are unable to procure certain of these materials for our back-end manufacturing operations, or our third-party foundries or
manufacturing suppliers are unable to procure materials for manufacturing our products, our business would be materially adversely affected. 

Our issuance to West Coast Hitech L.P. (WCH) of warrants to purchase 35,000,000 shares of our common stock, if and when exercised by WCH, will
dilute the ownership interests of our existing stockholders, and the conversion of the remainder of our 6.00% Notes may dilute the ownership interest of our existing stockholders. 

The warrants issued to WCH became exercisable in July 2009. Any issuance by us of additional shares to WCH upon exercise of the warrants
will dilute the ownership interests of our existing stockholders. Any sales in the public market by WCH of any shares owned by WCH could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock, and the anticipated exercise by WCH of the
warrants could depress the price of our common stock. 

Moreover, the conversion of our remaining 6.00% Notes may dilute the
ownership interests of our existing stockholders. The conversion of the 6.00% Notes could have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share to the extent that the price of our common stock exceeds the conversion price of the 6.00% Notes. Any sales in
the public market of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the 6.00% Notes could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the conversion of the 6.00% Notes into cash and shares of our common stock could
depress the price of our common stock. 

If our products are not compatible with some or all industry-standard software and hardware, we
could be materially adversely affected. 

Our products may not be fully compatible with some or all industry-standard
software and hardware. Further, we may be unsuccessful in correcting any such compatibility problems in a timely manner. If our customers are unable to achieve compatibility with software or hardware after our products are shipped in volume, we
could be materially adversely affected. In addition, the mere announcement of an incompatibility problem relating to our products could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Costs related to defective products could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Products as complex as those we offer may contain defects or failures when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements to existing products are released. We cannot assure you that, despite our
testing procedures, errors will not be found in new products or releases after commencement of commercial shipments in the future, which could result in loss of or delay in market acceptance of our products, material recall and replacement costs,
delay in recognition or loss of revenues, writing down the inventory of defective products, the diversion of the attention of our engineering personnel from product development efforts, defending against litigation related to defective products or
related property damage or personal injury, and damage to our reputation in the industry and could adversely affect our relationships with our customers. In addition, we may have difficulty identifying the end customers of the defective products in
the field. As a result, we could incur substantial costs to implement modifications to correct defects. Any of these problems could materially adversely affect our business. 

27 

Table of Contents

We could be subject to potential product liability claims if one of our products causes, or
merely appears to have caused, an injury. Claims may be made by consumers or others selling our products, and we may be subject to claims against us even if an alleged injury is due to the actions of others. A product liability claim, recall or
other claim with respect to uninsured liabilities or for amounts in excess of insured liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our receipt of royalty revenues is dependent upon our technology being designed into third-party products and the success of those products. 

Our graphics technology is used in game consoles. The revenues that we receive from these products generally are in the form of
non-recurring engineering fees charged for design and development services as well as royalties paid to us by these third parties. Our royalty revenues are directly related to the sales of these products and reflective of their success in the
market. If these third parties do not include our graphics technology in future generations of their game consoles, our revenues from royalties would decline significantly. Moreover, we have no control over the marketing efforts of these third
parties and we cannot make any assurances that sales of those products will achieve expected levels in the current or future fiscal years. Consequently, the revenues from royalties expected by us from these products may not be fully realized, and
our operating results may be adversely affected. 

If we fail to maintain the efficiency of our supply chain as we respond to changes in
customer demand for our products, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

Our ability to meet customer
demand for our products depends, in part, on our ability to deliver the products our customers want on a timely basis. Accordingly, we rely on our supply chain for the manufacturing, distribution and fulfillment of our products. As we continue to
grow our business, acquire new customers and strengthen relationships with existing customers, the efficiency of our supply chain will become increasingly important because many of our customers tend to have specific requirements for particular
products, and specific time-frames in which they require delivery of these products. If we are unable to consistently deliver the right products to our customers on a timely basis in the right locations, our customers may reduce the quantities they
order from us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We outsource to third parties certain supply-chain logistics
functions, including portions of our product distribution, transportation management, and information technology support services. 

We rely on third-party providers to operate our regional product distribution centers and to manage the transportation of our work-in-process and finished products among our facilities, our manufacturing
suppliers and to our customers. In addition, we rely on third parties to provide certain information technology services to us, including helpdesk support, desktop application services, business and software support applications, server and storage
administration, data center operations, database administration, and voice, video and remote access. We cannot guarantee that these providers will fulfill their respective responsibilities in a timely manner in accordance with the contract terms, in
which case our internal operations and the distribution of our products to our customers could be materially adversely affected. Also, we cannot guarantee that our contracts with these third-party providers will be renewed, in which case we would
have to transition these functions in-house or secure new providers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business if the transition is not executed appropriately. 

We may be subject to disruptions, failures or cyber-attacks in our information technology systems and network infrastructures that could have a material adverse effect on us. 

We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our
business. We also hold large amounts of data in various data center facilities around the world about us, our customers, suppliers, partners and other third parties, which our business depends upon. A disruption, infiltration or failure of our
information technology systems or any of our data centers as a result of 

28 

Table of Contents

software or hardware malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, employee theft or misuse, power disruptions, natural disasters or accidents could cause breaches of data security and loss of
critical data, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business. Our security procedures, such as virus protection software and our business continuity planning, such as our disaster recovery policies and back-up systems, may not be
adequate or implemented properly to fully address the adverse effect of such events, which could adversely impact our operations. We could be subject to litigation and our reputation and brand could be harmed if our information technology systems
are compromised and sensitive or confidential information about our customers, suppliers, partners and other third parties is lost or misappropriated. In addition, our business could be adversely affected to the extent we do not make the appropriate
level of investment in our technology systems as our technology systems become out-of-date or obsolete and are not able to deliver the type of data integrity and reporting we need to run our business. Furthermore, when we implement new systems and
or upgrade existing systems, we could be faced with temporary or prolonged disruptions that could adversely affect our business. Also, implementing new systems or upgrading our existing systems could be very costly. 

Uncertainties involving the ordering and shipment of our products could materially adversely affect us. 

We typically sell our products pursuant to individual purchase orders. We generally do not have long-term supply arrangements with our
customers or minimum purchase requirements except that orders generally must be for standard pack quantities. Generally, our customers may cancel orders more than 30 days prior to shipment without incurring significant fees. We base our inventory
levels in part on customers’ estimates of demand for their products, which may not accurately predict the quantity or type of our products that our customers will want in the future or ultimately end up purchasing. Our ability to forecast
demand is even further complicated when we sell indirectly through distributors, as our forecasts for demand are then based on estimates provided by multiple parties. 

PC and consumer markets are characterized by short product lifecycles, which can lead to rapid obsolescence and price erosion. In addition, our customers may change their inventory practices on short
notice for any reason. We may build inventories during periods of anticipated growth, and the cancellation or deferral of product orders or overproduction due to failure of anticipated orders to materialize, could result in excess or obsolete
inventory, which could result in write-downs of inventory and an adverse effect on gross margins. Factors that may result in excess or obsolete inventory, which could result in write-downs of the value of our inventory, a reduction in the average
selling price, and/or a reduction in our gross margin include: 

•

 a sudden and significant decrease in demand for our products; 

•

 a higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements; 

•

 a failure to accurately estimate customer demand for our older products as our new products are introduced; or 

•

 our competitors taking aggressive pricing actions. 

For example, gross margin in the third quarter of 2012 was adversely impacted by, among other things, an inventory write-down of $100 million. The inventory write-down was the result of lower anticipated
future demand for certain products and mainly comprised of our Llano products. Because market conditions are uncertain, these and other factors could materially adversely affect our business. 

Our reliance on third-party distributors and add-in-board partners subjects us to certain risks. 

We market and sell our products directly and through third-party distributors and AIB partners pursuant to agreements that can generally be terminated for convenience by either party upon prior notice to
the other party. These agreements are non-exclusive and permit both our distributors and AIBs to offer our competitors’ products. We are dependent on our distributors and AIBs to supplement our direct marketing and sales efforts. If

29 

Table of Contents

any significant distributor or AIB or a substantial number of our distributors or AIBs terminated their relationship with us, decided to market our competitors’ products over our products,
or decided not to market our products at all, our ability to bring our products to market would be impacted and we would be materially adversely affected. If we are unable to manage the risks related to the use of our third party distributors and
AIB partners or offer the appropriate incentives to focus them on the sale of our products, our business could be materially adversely affected. For example, our revenue in the second quarter of 2012 was adversely affected by lower than expected
desktop processor unit sales to our distributor customers, particularly in China and Europe. 

Additionally, distributors and
AIBs typically maintain an inventory of our products. In most instances, our agreements with distributors protect their inventory of our products against price reductions, as well as provide return rights for any product that we have removed from
our price book and that is not more than twelve months older than the manufacturing code date. Some agreements with our distributors also contain standard stock rotation provisions permitting limited levels of product returns. Our agreements with
AIBs protect their inventory of our products against price reductions. We defer the gross margins on our sales to distributors and AIBs, resulting from both our deferral of revenue and related product costs, until the applicable products are re-sold
by the distributors or the AIBs. However, in the event of a significant decline in the price of our products, the price protection rights we offer would materially adversely affect us because our revenue and corresponding gross margin would decline.

Acquisitions could disrupt our business, harm our financial condition and operating results or dilute, or adversely affect the price
of, our common stock. 

Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to expand our product offerings and grow our
business in response to changing technologies, customer demands and competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may pursue growth through the acquisition of complementary businesses, solutions or technologies rather than through internal
development, including, for example, our acquisition in March 2012 of SeaMicro. The identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming and costly, and we may not be able to successfully complete identified
acquisitions. Moreover, if such acquisitions require us to seek additional debt or equity financing, we may not be able to obtain such financing on terms favorable to us or at all. Even if we successfully complete an acquisition, we may not be able
to assimilate and integrate effectively the acquired business, technologies, solutions, assets, personnel or operations, particularly if key personnel of the acquired company decide not to work for us. Acquisitions may also involve the entry into
geographic or business markets in which we have little or no prior experience. Consequently, we may not achieve anticipated benefits of the acquisitions which could harm our operating results. In addition, to complete an acquisition, we may issue
equity securities, which would dilute our stockholders’ ownership and could adversely affect the price of our common stock, as well as incur debt, assume contingent liabilities or have amortization expenses and write-downs of acquired assets,
which could adversely affect our results of operations. Acquisitions may also reduce our cash available for operations and other uses, which could harm our business. 

Our worldwide operations are subject to political, legal and economic risks and natural disasters, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

We maintain operations around the world, including in the United States, Canada, Europe and Asia. We rely on third party wafer foundries
in Europe and Asia. Nearly all product assembly and final testing of our products is performed at manufacturing facilities, operated by us as well as third party manufacturing facilities, in China, Malaysia and Taiwan. We also have international
sales operations. International sales, as a percent of net revenue were 92% in 2012. We expect that international sales will continue to be a significant portion of total sales in the foreseeable future. 

The political, legal and economic risks associated with our operations in foreign countries include, without limitation: 

•

 expropriation; 

•

 changes in a specific country’s or region’s political or economic conditions; 

30 

Table of Contents

•

 changes in tax laws, trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

•

 difficulties in protecting our intellectual property; 

•

 difficulties in managing staffing and exposure to different employment practices and labor laws; 

•

 changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 

•

 restrictions on transfers of funds and other assets of our subsidiaries between jurisdictions; 

•

 changes in freight and interest rates; 

•

 disruption in air transportation between the United States and our overseas facilities; 

•

 loss or modification of exemptions for taxes and tariffs; and 

•

 compliance with U.S. laws and regulations related to international operations, including export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations and
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 

In addition, our worldwide operations (or those of our business
partners) could be subject to natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, flooding, typhoons and volcanic eruptions that disrupt manufacturing or other operations. For example, our Sunnyvale operations are located near major earthquake fault
lines in California. Any conflict or uncertainty in the countries in which we operate, including public health or safety, natural disasters, fire, disruptions of service from utilities, nuclear power plant accidents, or general economic or political
factors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any of the above risks, should they occur, could result in an increase in the cost of components, production delays, general business interruptions, delays from difficulties in obtaining
export licenses for certain technology, tariffs and other barriers and restrictions, potentially longer payment cycles, potentially increased taxes, restrictions on the repatriation of funds and the burdens of complying with a variety of foreign
laws, any of which could ultimately have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Worldwide political conditions may adversely affect
demand for our products. 

Worldwide political conditions may create uncertainties that could adversely affect our
business. The United States has been and may continue to be involved in armed conflicts that could have a further impact on our sales and our supply chain. The consequences of armed conflict, political instability or civil or military unrest are
unpredictable and we may not be able to foresee events that could have a material adverse effect on us. Terrorist attacks or other hostile acts may negatively affect our operations, or adversely affect demand for our products, and such attacks or
related armed conflicts may impact our physical facilities or those of our suppliers or customers. Furthermore, these attacks or hostile acts may make travel and the transportation of our products more difficult and more expensive, which could
materially adversely affect us. Any of these events could cause consumer spending to decrease or result in increased volatility in the United States economy and worldwide financial markets. 

Unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could continue to adversely affect us. 

We have costs, assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the Canadian dollar. As a consequence, movements in exchange rates could cause our foreign currency denominated
expenses to increase as a percentage of revenue, affecting our profitability and cash flows. Whenever we believe appropriate, we hedge a portion of our short-term foreign currency exposure to protect against fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
We determine our total foreign currency exposure using projections of long-term expenditures for items such as payroll. We cannot assure you that these activities will be effective in reducing foreign exchange rate exposure. Failure to do so could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. In addition, the majority of our product sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the local
currency can cause increases or decreases in the cost of our products in the local currency of such customers. An appreciation of the U.S. dollar relative to the local currency could reduce sales of our products. 

31 

Table of Contents

Our inability to effectively control the sales of our products on the gray market could have a
material adverse effect on us. 

We market and sell our products directly to OEMs and through authorized third-party
distributors. From time to time, our products are diverted from our authorized distribution channels and are sold on the “gray market.” Gray market products result in shadow inventory that is not visible to us, thus making it difficult to
forecast demand accurately. Also, when gray market products enter the market, we and our distribution channels compete with these heavily discounted gray market products, which adversely affects demand for our products and negatively impact our
margins. In addition, our inability to control gray market activities could result in customer satisfaction issues because any time products are purchased outside our authorized distribution channels there is a risk that our customers are buying
counterfeit or substandard products, including products that may have been altered, mishandled or damaged, or are used products represented as new. 

If we cannot adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property in the United States and abroad, through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other measures, we may lose
a competitive advantage and incur significant expenses. 

We rely on a combination of protections provided by contracts,
including confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements, copyrights, patents, trademarks and common law rights, such as trade secrets, to protect our intellectual property. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately protect our
technology or other intellectual property from third-party infringement or from misappropriation in the United States and abroad. Any patent licensed by us or issued to us could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or rights granted there
under may not provide a competitive advantage to us. Furthermore, patent applications that we file may not result in issuance of a patent or, if a patent is issued, the patent may not be issued in a form that is advantageous to us. Despite our
efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, others may independently develop similar products, duplicate our products or design around our patents and other rights. In addition, it is difficult to monitor compliance with, and enforce, our
intellectual property on a worldwide basis in a cost-effective manner. In jurisdictions where foreign laws provide less intellectual property protection than afforded in the United States and abroad, our technology or other intellectual property may
be compromised, and our business would be materially adversely affected. 

We are party to litigation and may become a party to other
claims or litigation that could cause us to incur substantial costs or pay substantial damages or prohibit us from selling our products. 

From time to time, we are a defendant or plaintiff in various legal actions. We also sell products to consumers, which could increase our exposure to consumer actions such as product liability claims. On
occasion, we receive claims that individuals were allegedly exposed to substances used in our former semiconductor wafer manufacturing facilities and that this alleged exposure caused harm. Litigation can involve complex factual and legal questions,
and its outcome is uncertain. Any claim that is successfully asserted against us may result in the payment of damages that could be material to our business. 

With respect to intellectual property litigation, from time to time, we have been notified, or third parties may bring or have brought actions against us and/or against our customers, based on allegations
that we are infringing or contributing to the infringement of the intellectual property rights of others. If any such claims are asserted, we may seek to obtain a license under the third parties’ intellectual property rights. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to obtain all of the necessary licenses on satisfactory terms, if at all. In the event that we do not obtain a license, these parties may file lawsuits against us or our customers seeking damages (potentially up to and
including treble damages) or an injunction against the sale of products that incorporate allegedly infringed intellectual property or against the operation of our business as presently conducted, which could result in our having to stop the sale of
some of our products or to increase the costs of selling some of our products or which could damage our reputation. The award of damages, including material royalty payments, or the entry of an injunction against the manufacture and sale of some or
all of our products, could have a material adverse effect 

32 

Table of Contents

on us. We could decide, in the alternative, to redesign our products or to resort to litigation to challenge such claims. Such challenges could be extremely expensive and time-consuming
regardless of their merit, could cause delays in product release or shipment, and/or could have a material adverse effect on us. We cannot assure you that litigation related to our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of
others can always be avoided or successfully concluded. 

Even if we were to prevail, any litigation could be costly and
time-consuming and would divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Failures in the global credit markets have impacted and may continue to impact the liquidity of our auction rate securities. 

As of December 29, 2012, the par value of all our auction rate securities, or ARS, was $37 million with an estimated fair value of
$28 million. As of December 29, 2012, our investments in ARS included estimated fair values of approximately $13 million of student loan ARS and $15 million of municipal and corporate ARS. The uncertainties in the credit markets have affected
all of our ARS and auctions for these securities have failed to settle on their respective settlement dates since February 2008. The auctions failed because there was insufficient demand for these securities. A failed auction does not represent a
default by the issuer of the ARS. For each unsuccessful auction, the interest rate is reset based on a formula set forth in each security, which is generally higher than the current market unless subject to an interest rate cap. When auctions for
these securities fail, the investments may not be readily convertible to cash until a future auction of these investments is successful, a buyer is found outside of the auction process, the issuers of the ARS establish a different form of financing
to replace these securities or redeem them, or final payment is due according to contractual maturities (currently, ranging from 2030 to 2050 for our ARS). Although we have had redemptions since the failed auctions began, the liquidity of these
investments continues to be adversely impacted. 

If market illiquidity worsens, we may be required to record additional
impairment charges with respect to these investments in the future, which could adversely impact our results of operations. 

The
conflict minerals-related provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act as well as a variety of environmental laws that we are subject to could result in additional costs and liabilities. 

Our operations and properties have in the past and continue to be subject to various United States and foreign environmental laws and
regulations, including those relating to materials used in our products and manufacturing processes, discharge of pollutants into the environment, the treatment, transport, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes, and remediation of
contamination. These laws and regulations require us to obtain permits for our operations, including the discharge of air pollutants and wastewater. Although our management systems are designed to maintain compliance, we cannot assure you that we
have been or will be at all times in complete compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. If we violate or fail to comply with any of them, a range of consequences could result, including fines, suspension of production, alteration of
manufacturing processes, import/export restrictions, sales limitations, criminal and civil liabilities or other sanctions. We could also be held liable for any and all consequences arising out of exposure to hazardous materials used, stored,
released, disposed of by us or located at, under or emanating from our facilities or other environmental or natural resource damage. 

Certain environmental laws, including the U.S. Comprehensive, Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, or the Superfund Act, impose strict, or under certain circumstances, joint and
several liability on current and previous owners or operators of real property for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances and impose liability for damages to natural resources. These laws often impose liability even if the owner
or operator did not know of, or was not responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances. These environmental laws also assess liability on persons who arrange for hazardous substances to be

33 

Table of Contents

sent to disposal or treatment facilities when such facilities are found to be contaminated. Such persons can be responsible for cleanup costs even if they never owned or operated the contaminated
facility. We have been named as a responsible party at three Superfund sites in Sunnyvale, California. Although we have not yet been, we could be named a potentially responsible party at other Superfund or contaminated sites in the future. In
addition, contamination that has not yet been identified could exist at our other facilities. 

Environmental laws are complex,
change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. For example, the European Union (EU) and China are two among a growing number of jurisdictions that have enacted restrictions on the use of lead and other materials in electronic
products. Other countries have also implemented similar restrictions. These regulations affect semiconductor devices and packaging. As regulations restricting materials in electronic products continue to increase around the world, there is a risk
that the cost, quality and manufacturing yields of products that are subject to these restrictions, may be less favorable compared to products that are not subject to such restrictions, or that the transition to compliant products may produce sudden
changes in demand, which may result in excess inventory. 

In August 2012, the SEC adopted its final rule to implement
Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act regarding disclosure and reporting requirements for companies who use “conflict” minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining
countries in their products, whether or not these products are manufactured by third parties. As there are many sources of these materials, these new requirements are unlikely to affect the sourcing of minerals used in the manufacture of
semiconductor devices but will add additional costs associated with complying with the disclosure requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of any conflict minerals used in our products, auditing the process and reporting to our
customers and the US government. Also, since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins of the subject minerals. Moreover, we may encounter challenges to satisfy those
customers who require that all of the components of our products are certified as conflict free, and if we cannot satisfy these customers, they may choose a competitor’s products. Our first “conflict” minerals report covering the
calendar year from January 1, 2013 to December 31, 2013 is due to the SEC on May 31, 2014. 

A number of
jurisdictions including the EU, Australia and China are developing or finalizing market entry or public procurement requirements for computers and servers based on ENERGY STAR specification as well as additional energy consumption limits. We expect
that some of these regulations will be approved and implemented in 2013. If such regulations do not contain recommended modifications as proposed by AMD or industry associations, there is the potential for certain of our microprocessor, chipset and
GPU products, as incorporated in desktop and mobile PCs, workstations, servers and other information and communications technology products being excluded from some of these markets which could materially adversely affect us. 

While we have budgeted for foreseeable associated expenditures, we cannot assure you that future environmental legal requirements will
not become more stringent or costly in the future. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental and health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising from past and future releases of, or
exposure to, hazardous substances will not have a material adverse effect on us. 

Our business is subject to potential tax liabilities.

We are subject to income taxes in the United States, Canada and other foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is
required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our tax estimates are
reasonable, we cannot assure you that the final determination of any tax audits and litigation will not be materially different from that which is reflected in historical income tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed as a
result of an audit or litigation, there could be a material adverse effect on our cash, income tax provision and net income in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 

34 

Table of Contents