— Our current products and products in development cannot be
sold if we do not maintain regulatory approval and comply with manufacturing
regulations.”)

24

Patents and Trademarks

We
have filed applications for a number of patents, have been granted patents, or
have obtained rights relating to our products and various potential products.
Our material patents are set forth in the table below.

 Product

 General Subject Matter

 Expiration

 Epoetin alfa

 U.S.

 — Process of making erythropoietin

 8/15/2012

 — Product claims to erythropoietin

 8/20/2013

 — Pharmaceutical compositions of erythropoietin

 8/20/2013

 — Cells that make certain levels of erythropoietin

 5/26/2015

 darbepoetin alfa

 Europe(1)

 — Glycosylation analogs of erythropoietin proteins

 10/12/2010

 — Glycosylation analogs of erythropoietin proteins

 8/16/2014

 Filgrastim

 U.S.

 — DNA, vectors, cells and processes relating to
 recombinant G-CSF

 3/7/2006

 — G-CSF polypeptides

 12/3/2013

 — Methods of treatment using G-CSF polypeptides

 12/10/2013

 Europe(1)

 — G-CSF DNA Vectors, cells, polypeptides, methods of
 use and production

 8/22/2006

 pegfilgrastim

 U.S.

 — Pegylated G-CSF

 10/20/2015

 Europe(1)

 — Pegylated G-CSF

 2/8/2015

 Etanercept

 U.S.

 — Methods of treating TNF — dependent disease

 9/5/2009

 — TNFR proteins and pharmaceutical compositions

 9/5/2009

 — TNFR DNA vectors, cells and processes for making
 proteins

 10/23/2012

(1)
          In some cases these
European patents may also be entitled to supplemental protection in one or more
countries in Europe and the length of any such extension will vary country by
country.

There can be no assurance
that our patents or licensed patents will afford legal protection against
competitors or provide significant proprietary protection or competitive
advantage. In addition, our patents or licensed patents could be held invalid
or unenforceable by a court, or infringed or circumvented by others, or others
could obtain patents that we would need to license or circumvent. Competitors
or potential competitors may have filed patent applications or received
patents, and may obtain additional patents and proprietary rights relating to
proteins, small molecules, compounds, or processes competitive with ours.
Additionally, for certain of our product candidates, competitors, or potential
competitors may claim that their existing or pending patents prevent us from
commercializing such product candidates in certain territories. Further, when
our patents expire, other companies could develop new competitive products to
our products. Our near-term European patent expirations could result in new
competitive products to our products in Europe. Our principal European patent
relating to erythropoietin expired on December 12, 2004 and our principal
European patent relating to G-CSF expires on August 22, 2006. We believe
that after the expiration of each of these patents, other companies could
receive approval for and market follow-on or biosimilar products to compete
with these products in the EU; presenting additional competition to our
products. (See “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Our marketed products face
substantial competition and other companies may discover, develop, acquire or
commercialize products before or more successfully than we do.”) While we do
not market erythropoietin in Europe as this right belongs to 

25

Johnson &
Johnson (through KA), we do market Aranesp
® in the EU, which competes with Johnson &
Johnson’s EPREX
® product, Roche’s Neorecormon
® product, and others’ erythropoietin products.
We cannot predict with certainty when the first biosimilar products could
appear on the market in the EU. However, based on an announcement by Shire, we
expect that the first competing Epoetin alfa product, manufactured by Shire,
may appear on the market in the EU in the first half of 2007. Also, we expect
that biosimilar erythropoietin products may be approved in the EU beginning in
late 2006 and could be available in the EU shortly after approval. We also
expect that the first biosimilar G-CSF product may be approved as early as mid-2007
and that it would compete with Neulasta
® and NEUPOGEN
®. We cannot predict whether or to what extent the entry
of biosimilar products would impact future Aranesp
®,
Neulasta
® or
NEUPOGEN
® sales in the EU. The EU is currently in the
process of developing regulatory guidelines related to the development and
approval of biosimilar products. In July 2005, the EMEA, issued clinical
trial guidance for certain biosimilar products including erythropoietins and
granulocyte-colony stimulating factors, which guidance recommends that
applicants seeking approval of such biosimilar products conduct fairly
extensive pharmacodynamic, toxicological, clinical safety studies and a
pharmacovigilance program. In October 2005, the EMEA confirmed that
biosimilar products will be approved under a different legal pathway than the
one applicable to generics of small molecule drugs. Based on the process and timing
outlined by the EMEA, we believe relevant product specific guidelines are
likely to be finalized by the first quarter of 2006. However, we cannot predict
what final EMEA product specific guidelines will be.

In general, we have obtained licenses from various
parties which we deem to be necessary or desirable for the manufacture, use or
sale of our products. These licenses generally require us to pay royalties to
the parties on product sales. In addition, other companies have filed patent
applications or have been granted patents in areas of interest to us. There can
be no assurance any licenses required under such patents will be available for
license on acceptable terms or at all. We are engaged in various legal
proceedings relating to certain of our patents (see “Item 3. Legal
Proceedings”).

Trade secret
protection for our unpatented confidential and proprietary information is
important to us. To protect our trade secrets, we generally require our staff
members, material consultants, scientific advisors, and parties to
collaboration and licensing agreements to execute confidentiality agreements
upon the commencement of employment, the consulting relationship, or the
collaboration or licensing arrangement with us. However, others could either
develop independently the same or similar information or obtain access to our
information.

(See “Item 1A.
Risk Factors — If our intellectual property positions are challenged,
invalidated, circumvented or expire, or if we fail to prevail in present and
future intellectual property litigation, our business could be adversely
affected.”)

(See “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Our marketed
products face substantial competition and other companies may discover,
develop, acquire or commercialize products before or more successfully than we
do.”)

Human Resources

As of December 31,
2005, we had approximately 16,500 staff members, which includes approximately
100 part-time staff members. Of the total staff members as of December 31,
2005, approximately 6,500 were engaged in R&D, approximately 3,000 were
engaged in selling and marketing, approximately 5,100 were engaged in
commercial manufacturing activities, and approximately 1,900 were engaged in
other activities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue
attracting and retaining qualified personnel in sufficient numbers to meet our
needs. None of our staff members are covered by a collective bargaining
agreement, and we have experienced no work stoppages. We consider our 
staff relations to be good. We expect to hire additional
staff members throughout 2006, primarily in R&D to enable us to advance the
pipeline.

26

Executive
Officers of the Registrant

The executive
officers of the Company as of February 2, 2006 are as follows:

Mr. Kevin W. Sharer, age 57, has served as a director
of the Company since November 1992. Since May 2000, Mr. Sharer
has been Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company and has also been
Chairman of the Board since December 2000. From October 1992 to May 2000,
Mr. Sharer served as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company.
From April 1989 to October 1992, Mr. Sharer was President of the
Business Markets Division of MCI Communications Corporation, a
telecommunications company. From February 1984 to March 1989, Mr. Sharer
held numerous executive capacities at General Electric Company. Mr. Sharer
is a director of 3M Company and Northrop Grumman Corporation.

Dr. Hassan Dayem, age 58, became Senior Vice
President and Chief Information Officer in May 2002. From December 1998
to May 2002, Dr. Dayem served as Vice President, Information Services
and Chief Information Officer at Merck & Co., Inc. (“Merck”), a
pharmaceutical company. From June 1997 to December 1998, Dr. Dayem
served as Vice President, Research Information Services at Merck. From February 1977
to May 1997, Dr. Dayem was at Los Alamos National Laboratory, where
he held several positions including Division Director, Computing, Information
and Communications Division from July 1993 to May 1997.

Dr. Dennis M. Fenton, age 54, became Executive
Vice President in March 2000 and in May 2003 became Executive Vice
President, Operations. From January 1995 to March 2000, Dr. Fenton
served as Senior Vice President, Operations; from August 1992 to January 1995
as Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing; and from July 1991 to August 1992
as Vice President, Process Development, Facilities and Manufacturing Services.
From October 1988 to July 1991, Dr. Fenton also served as Vice
President, Pilot Plant Operations and Clinical Manufacturing; and from 1985 to October 1988,
he served as Director, Pilot Plant Operations.

Mr. Brian McNamee, age 49, became Senior Vice
President, Human Resources in June 2001. From November 1999 to June 2001,
Mr. McNamee served as Vice President of Human Resources at Dell Computer
Corp. From 1998 to 1999, Mr. McNamee served as Senior Vice President,
Human Resources for the National Broadcasting Corporation (“NBC”), a division
of General Electric Company. From July 1988 to November 1999, Mr. McNamee
held human resource positions at General Electric Company.

Mr. George J. Morrow, age 53, became Executive
Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Marketing, in January 2001 and
became Executive Vice President, Global Commercial Operations in April 2003.
From January 1999 to December 2000, Mr. Morrow was President and
Chief Executive Officer of Glaxo Wellcome Inc. (“Glaxo”), a subsidiary of
GlaxoSmithKline plc. From January 1997 to December 1998, Mr. Morrow
was Managing Director of Glaxo Wellcome U.K., also a subsidiary of GlaxoSmithKline
plc. From May 1993 to December 1996, Mr. Morrow was Group Vice
President for Commercial Operations of Glaxo.

Mr. Richard D. Nanula, age 45, became Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in August 2001. From November 1999
to February 2001, Mr. Nanula was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of Broadband Sports, Inc., an Internet media company. From March 1998
to May 1999, Mr. Nanula was President and Chief Operating Officer of
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, a worldwide hotel and gaming
company. From August 1986 to March 1998, Mr. Nanula was at the
Walt Disney Company; where he held several positions including Senior Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and President of Disney Stores
Worldwide. Mr. Nanula currently serves on the Board of Directors of The
Boeing Company.

Dr. Roger M. Perlmutter, age 53, became Executive
Vice President of Research and Development in January 2001. From July 1999
to December 2000, Dr. Perlmutter was Executive Vice President,
Worldwide Basic Research and Preclinical Development of Merck Research
Laboratories. From February 1999 to 

27

July 1999, Dr. Perlmutter
served as Executive Vice President of Merck Research Laboratories, and from February 1997
to January 1999, as Senior Vice President of Merck Research Laboratories.
From May 1989 to January 1997, Dr. Perlmutter was also Chairman
of the Department of Immunology, University of Washington, and from January 1991
to January 1997, Professor in the Departments of Immunology, Biochemistry
and Medicine, University of Washington. From July 1984 to January 1997,
Dr. Perlmutter served as Investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical
Institute at the University of Washington. Dr. Perlmutter currently serves
on the Board of Directors of StemCells, Inc.

Mr. David J. Scott, age 53, became Senior Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary in March 2004. From May 1999
to February 2004, Mr. Scott served as Senior Vice President and General
Counsel of Medtronic, Inc., a medical technology company, and also as
Secretary from January 2000. From December 1997 to April 1999, Mr. Scott
served as General Counsel of London-based United Distillers &
Vintners. From April 1996 to November 1997, Mr. Scott served as
General Counsel of London-based International Distillers & Vintners.

Geographic
Area Financial Information

For financial information
concerning the geographic areas in which we operate, see Note 9, “Segment
information — Geographic information” to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Investor Information

Financial and other
information about us is available on our website (
http://www.amgen.com
)
 (This website address is not intended to function as a
hyperlink, and the information contained in our website is not intended to be a
part of this filing). We make available on our website, free of charge, copies
of our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed
or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material electronically
or otherwise furnishing it to the SEC.



This report and other documents we file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) contain forward looking statements
that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections
about us, our future performance, our business or others on our behalf, our
beliefs and our management’s assumptions. These statements are not guarantees
of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions
that are difficult to predict. You should carefully consider the risks and
uncertainties facing our business. The risks described below are not the only
ones facing us. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many
other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions,
geopolitical events and international operations. Further, additional risks not
currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may
impair our business, operations, liquidity and stock price materially and
adversely.

28

If our intellectual property positions are challenged,
invalidated, circumvented or expire, or if we fail to prevail in present and
future intellectual property litigation, our business could be adversely affected.

The patent positions of pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies can be highly uncertain and often involve complex
legal, scientific, and factual questions. To date, there has emerged no
consistent policy regarding breadth of claims allowed in such companies’ patents.
Third parties may challenge, invalidate, or circumvent our patents and patent
applications relating to our products, product candidates, and technologies. In
addition, our patent positions might not protect us against competitors with
similar products or technologies because competing products or technologies may
not infringe our patents. For example, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd (“Roche”)
is developing a pegylated erythropoietin molecule that, according to Roche’s
public statements, they expect to bring to the U.S. market despite their
acknowledgement of our U.S. erythropoietin patents. On November 8, 2005,
we filed a lawsuit against Roche for patent infringement of six of our U.S.
patents. This lawsuit is described in “Item 3. Legal Proceedings - Amgen Inc.
v. F. Hoffman-La Roche Ltd., et al.” For certain of our product
candidates, there are third parties who have patents or pending patents that
they may claim prevent us from commercializing these product candidates in
certain territories. Patent disputes are frequent, costly, and can preclude or
delay commercialization of products. We are currently, and in the future may
be, involved in patent litigation. For example, we are currently involved in an
ongoing patent infringement lawsuit against Transkaryotic Therapies, Inc.
(“TKT”) and Aventis with respect to our erythropoietin patents. If we lose or
settle current or future litigations at certain stages or entirely, we could
be: subject to competition and/or significant liabilities; required to enter
into third-party licenses for the infringed product or technology; or required
to cease using the technology or product in dispute. In addition, we cannot
guarantee that such licenses will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at
all.

Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and
defend patent rights and other intellectual property rights that are important
to the commercialization of our products and product candidates. We have filed
applications for a number of patents and have been granted patents or obtained
rights relating to erythropoietin, natural and recombinant G-CSF, darbepoetin
alfa, pegfilgrastim, etanercept, and our other products and potential products.
We market our erythropoietin, recombinant G-CSF, darbepoetin alfa,
pegfilgrastim, and etanercept products as EPOGEN
® (Epoetin alfa), NEUPOGEN
® (Filgrastim), Aranesp
® (darbepoetin alfa), Neulasta
® (pegfilgrastim), and Enbrel
® (etanercept), respectively. With respect to
our material patents, we have had a number of G-CSF patent expiries in the
United States and one erythropoietin patent expiry in the European Union (“EU”).
For additional information on our material patents see “Patents and Trademarks”
in “Item 1. Business.”

We also have been granted
or obtained rights to patents in Europe relating to: erythropoietin; G-CSF;
pegfilgrastim (pegylated G-CSF); etanercept; two relating to darbepoetin alfa;
and hyperglycosylated erythropoietic proteins. Our principal European patent
relating to erythropoietin expired on December 12, 2004 and our principal
European patent relating to G-CSF expires on August 22, 2006. We believe
that after the expiration of each of these patents, other companies could
receive approval for and market follow-on or biosimilar products to compete
with these products in the EU; presenting additional competition to our
products. (See “— Our marketed products face substantial competition and other
companies may discover, develop, acquire or commercialize products before or
more successfully than we do.”) While we do not market erythropoietin in Europe
as this right belongs to Johnson & Johnson (through Kirin Amgen, Inc.
(“KA”)), we do market Aranesp
® in the EU, which competes with Johnson &
Johnson’s EPREX
® product, Roche’s Neorecormon
® product, and others’ erythropoietin products.
We cannot predict with certainty when the first biosimilar products could
appear on the market in the EU. However, based on an announcement by Shire
Pharmaceuticals Group plc (“Shire”), we expect that the first competing Epoetin
alfa product, manufactured by Shire, may appear on the market in the EU in the
first half of 2007. Also, we expect that biosimilar erythropoietin products may
be approved in the EU beginning in late 2006 and could be available in the EU
shortly after approval. We also expect that the first biosimilar G-

29

CSF
product may be approved as early as mid-2007 and that it would compete
with Neulasta
® and NEUPOGEN
®. We cannot predict whether or to what extent the entry
of biosimilar products would impact future Aranesp
®,
Neulasta
® or
NEUPOGEN
® sales in the EU. The EU is currently in the
process of developing regulatory guidelines related to the development and
approval of biosimilar products. In July 2005, the European Agency for the
Evaluation of Medical Products (“EMEA”), issued clinical trial guidance for
certain biosimilar products including erythropoietins and granulocyte-colony
stimulating factors, which guidance recommends that applicants seeking approval
of such biosimilar products conduct fairly extensive pharmacodynamic,
toxicological, clinical safety studies and a pharmacovigilance program. In October 2005,
the EMEA confirmed that biosimilar products will be approved under a different
legal pathway than the one applicable to generics of small molecule drugs.
Based on the process and timing outlined by the EMEA, we believe relevant
product specific guidelines are likely to be finalized by the first quarter of
2006. However, we cannot predict what final EMEA product specific guidelines
will be.

Before we commercialize and sell any of our product
candidates, we must conduct clinical trials in humans; if we fail to adequately
manage these trials we may not be able to sell future products and our sales
could be adversely affected.

Before we can sell any products, we must conduct
clinical trials which demonstrate that our product candidates are safe and
effective for use in humans for the indications sought. The results of these
clinical trials are used as the basis to obtain regulatory approval from
government authorities such as the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”).
Clinical trials are experiments conducted using our product candidates in human
patients having the diseases or medical conditions we are trying to address.
Conducting clinical trials is a complex, time-consuming and expensive process.
We are required to conduct clinical trials using an appropriate number of trial
sites and patients to support the product label claims we are seeking. The
length of time, number of trial sites and patients required for clinical trials
vary substantially according to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use
of the product candidate, and therefore, we may spend as much as several years
completing certain trials. Further, the time within which we can complete our
clinical trials depends in large part on the rate of patient enrollment.
Patient enrollment is a function of several factors, including the size of the
patient population, enrollment criteria, the proximity of the patients to the
trial sites, and competition with other clinical trials for eligible patients.
As such, there may be limited availability of patients who meet the criteria
for certain clinical trials. Delays in planned patient enrollment can result in
increased development costs, delays in regulatory approvals and associated
delays in product candidates reaching the market. Patients may also suffer
adverse medical events or side effects in the course of our clinical trials
that may delay or prohibit regulatory approval of our product candidates. Of
course, even if we successfully manage our clinical trials, we may not obtain
favorable clinical trial results and may not be able to obtain regulatory
approval on this basis.

In 2006, we are expecting a significant increase in
the number, size, duration and complexity of our clinical trials, in particular
with respect to denosumab, our late-stage investigational product for osteoporosis,
and we expect total research and development expenses to increase by 30-40%.
For example, testing denosumab in the osteoporosis setting requires large
clinical trials, substantial time and resources to recruit patients and
significant expense to execute. We expect to start eleven “mega-site” trials
(involving 200 or more sites) in 2006 to support denosumab and our other
late-stage programs. To execute our clinical trial programs, we need to
accelerate the growth of our development organization, implement new management
structures and approaches and increase dependence on third-party contract
clinical trial providers. Further, to increase the number of patients available
for enrollment for our clinical trials, we are planning to open clinical sites
and enroll patients in a number of new geographic locations where our experience
conducting clinical trials is more limited, including Russia, China, India and
some South American countries. We plan to conduct clinical trial activities in
these new territories through third-party contract clinical trial providers.

30

If we fail to adequately
manage the increasing number, size and complexity of our clinical trials, our
clinical trials and corresponding regulatory approvals may be delayed or we may
fail to gain approval for our product candidates altogether. If we are unable
to market and sell our product candidates or are unable to obtain approvals in
the timeframe needed to execute our product strategies, our business and
results of operations would be adversely affected materially.

Our product
development efforts may not result in commercial products.

We intend to
continue an aggressive research and development program. Successful product
development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain, and very few research
and development projects produce a commercial product. Product candidates that
appear promising in the early phases of development, such as in early human
clinical trials, may fail to reach the market for a number of reasons, such as:

·
       the
product candidate did not demonstrate acceptable clinical trial results even
though it demonstrated positive preclinical trial results

·
       the
product candidate was not effective in treating a specified condition or
illness

·
       the
product candidate had harmful side effects in humans or animals

·
       the
necessary regulatory bodies, such as the FDA, did not approve our product
candidate for an intended use

·
       the
product candidate was not economical for us to manufacture and commercialize

·
       other
companies or people have or may have proprietary rights to our product
candidate, such as patent rights, and will not let us sell it on reasonable
terms, or at all

·
       the
product candidate is not cost effective in light of existing therapeutics

·
       we
and certain of our licensors or partners may fail to effectively conduct
clinical development or clinical manufacturing activities

Several
of our product candidates have failed or been discontinued at various stages in
the product development process, including, but not limited to, Brain Derived
Neurotrophic Factor (“BDNF”), Megakaryocyte Growth and Development Factor (“MGDF”),
and Glial Cell Lined-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (“GDNF”). For example, in
1997, we announced the failure of BDNF for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral
sclerosis, or Lou Gehrig’s Disease, because the product candidate, when
administered by injection, did not produce acceptable clinical results for a
specific use after a phase 3 trial, even though BDNF had progressed
successfully through preclinical and earlier clinical trials. In addition, in
1998, we discontinued development of MGDF, a novel platelet growth factor, at
the phase 3 trial stage after several people in platelet donation trials
developed low platelet counts and neutralizing antibodies. Also, in June 2004,
we announced that the phase 2 study of GDNF for the treatment of advanced
Parkinson’s disease did not meet the primary study endpoint upon completion of
nine months of the double-blind treatment phase of the study even though a
small phase 1 pilot investigator initiated open label study over a three year
period appeared to result in improvements for advanced Parkinson’s disease
patients. Subsequently, in the fall of 2004 we discontinued clinical
development of GDNF in patients with advanced Parkinson’s disease after several
patients in the phase 2 study developed neutralizing antibodies and new
preclinical data showed that GDNF caused irreversible damage to the area of the
brain critical to movement control and coordination. On February 11, 2005,
we confirmed our previous decision to halt clinical trials and, as a part of
that decision and based on thorough scientific review, we also concluded that
we will not provide GDNF to the 48 patients who participated in clinical trials
that were terminated in the fall of 2004. Of course, there may be other
factors that prevent us from marketing a product. We cannot guarantee we
will be able to produce or manufacture commercially successful products. (See “—
Difficulties, disruptions or delays in manufacturing may limit supply of our
products and limit our 

31

product sales.”, “— Our current products and products
in development cannot be sold if we do not maintain regulatory approval and
comply with manufacturing regulations.” and “— Before we commercialize and sell
any of our product candidates, we must conduct clinical trials in humans; if we
fail to adequately manage these trials we may not be able to sell future
products and our sales could be adversely affected.”)

Our sales depend on payment and reimbursement from
third-party payers, and, to the extent that reimbursement for our products is
reduced, this could negatively impact the utilization of our products.

In the United States, dialysis providers are primarily
reimbursed for EPOGEN
® by the federal government through the End
Stage Renal Disease Program (“ESRD Program”) of Medicare. The ESRD Program
reimburses approved providers for 80% of allowed dialysis costs; the remainder
is paid by other sources, including patients, state Medicaid programs, private
insurance, and to a lesser extent, state kidney patient programs. The ESRD
Program reimbursement rate is established by federal law and is monitored and
implemented by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”).
Most patients receiving Aranesp
®, Neulasta
®, and NEUPOGEN
® for approved indications are covered by both
government and private payer health care programs. Beginning in 2006, ENBREL
and Sensipar
® are eligible for coverage from the U.S.
government under Medicare Part D. Therefore, sales of all of our principal
products are dependent, in part, on the availability and extent of
reimbursement from third-party payers, including governments and private
insurance plans. Generally, worldwide use of our products may be affected by
cost containment pressures and cost shifting from governments and private
insurers on health care providers in response to ongoing initiatives to reduce
health care expenditures.

The Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and
Modernization Act (or the “Medicare Modernization Act” (“MMA”)) was enacted
into law in December 2003 and became effective January 1, 2005.
Changes resulting from the MMA, which lowered reimbursement for our products,
could negatively affect product sales of some of our marketed products. However
in 2005, we believe that our product sales were not significantly impacted by
the reimbursement changes resulting from the MMA. We believe this was, in part,
due to the effects of CMS’s oncology demonstration project (the “2005
Demonstration Project”) on sales of our products used in supportive cancer
care, especially Aranesp
®.
Furthermore, we believe this was also, in part, due to increased reimbursement
rates to physicians from CMS for services associated with drug administration.
The 2005 Demonstration Project, which provided financial incentives to physicians
for collecting and reporting oncology patient survey data, expired on December 31,
2005. In November 2005, CMS announced a new demonstration project (the “2006
Demonstration Project”) that uses different criteria for how patients with
cancer are evaluated and treated and that is targeted at approximately half of
the funding originally targeted for the 2005 Demonstration Project. The final rule for
the 2006 Medicare Physician Fee Schedule Payment Final Rule issued in November 2005
reduced payments for physician services in 2006 by approximately 4.4% on
average. However, recently passed legislation will eliminate this reduction for
2006. Because we cannot accurately predict the impact of any such changes on
how, or under what circumstances, healthcare providers will prescribe or administer
our products, we cannot estimate the full impact of the MMA on our business.
However, we believe that it is not likely to be significant to our business in
2006.

The main components
of the MMA that affect our currently marketed products are as follows:

·
       Through
2004, the Average Wholesale Price (“AWP”) mechanism was the basis of Medicare Part B
payment for covered outpatient drugs and biologics. Effective January 1,
2005, in the physician clinic setting, Aranesp
®,
Neulasta
® and
NEUPOGEN
® are
being reimbursed under a Medicare Part B payment methodology that reimburses
each product at 106% of its “average sales price” (“ASP”) (sometimes referred
to as “ASP+6%”). ASP is calculated by the manufacturer based on a statutorily
defined formula and submitted to CMS. A product’s ASP is calculated on a
quarterly basis and therefore may change each quarter. The ASP in effect for a
given quarter (the “Current 

32

Period”) is based upon
certain historical sales and sales incentive data covering a statutorily
defined period of time preceding the Current Period. For example, the ASP for
Aranesp
® that we submit for the second quarter of 2006
will be based on certain historical sales and sales incentive data for Aranesp
® from January 1,
2005 through December 31, 2005. CMS publishes the ASPs for products in
advance of the quarter in which they go into effect. The 2005 reimbursement
rates for Aranesp
® and Neulasta
® (calculated at 106% of the ASPs) were lower
than their respective 2004 reimbursement rates. Although the ASPs for Aranesp
® and Neulasta
® have trended
downward during 2005, they began to stabilize during the fourth quarter of
2005.

·
       Per
the MMA, physicians in the physician clinic setting will have the choice between
purchasing and billing for drugs under the ASP+6% system or obtaining drugs
from vendors selected by CMS under the “competitive acquisition program” (“CAP”)
starting in 2006. Physicians who select to obtain drugs from CAP will no longer
purchase or obtain reimbursement directly for such drugs. CMS issued a final rule related
to CAP in November 2005. Based on this final rule, the election period for
2006 will occur between April 3 and May 15, 2006 for participation
from July 1 through December 31, 2006; the first drug deliveries
through the CAP will occur in July 2006. Based on the final rule for
CAP, we do not anticipate widespread adoption of this program initially.
Nevertheless, because we cannot fully predict how many physicians will select
to obtain drugs from CAP, we cannot predict the full impact of the CAP on our
business. However, pursuant to the final rule, discounts to CAP vendors are
excluded from the calculation of ASPs and therefore do not have the potential
to impact the ASPs for our products that would be available through the CAP.

·
       Medicare’s
hospital outpatient prospective payment system (“OPPS”), which determines
payment rates for specified covered outpatient drugs and biologics in the
hospital outpatient setting, utilized AWP as the basis for reimbursement in
2005. CMS’ 2005 reimbursement rate, as in 2003 and 2004, continued the
application of an “equitable adjustment” such that the 2005 Aranesp
® reimbursement rate
was based on the AWP of PROCRIT
®. For 2005,
the reimbursement rate for Aranesp
® was 83% of the AWP for PROCRIT
®,
down from 88% of the AWP for PROCRIT
® in 2004, with a dose conversion ratio of 330 U
PROCRIT
® to
1 mcg Aranesp
®, the same ratio as 2004.
Effective January 1, 2006, the OPPS system changed from an AWP based
reimbursement system to a system based on ASP. This change affects Aranesp
®, Neulasta
® and NEUPOGEN
® when administered in the hospital outpatient
setting. In November 2005, CMS released its final OPPS rule for 2006.
This final rule bases reimbursement for non-pass through products such as
Aranesp
®, Neulasta
® and NEUPOGEN
® on an ASP+6% using the same payment amounts as
used in the physician clinic setting and does not apply an “equitable
adjustment” to tie the reimbursement rate for Aranesp
® to PROCRIT
® using a dose conversion ratio. In the final
rule, CMS noted that it reserves the right to apply “equitable adjustment” to
the Aranesp
® reimbursement rate calculation methodology in
years after 2006.

·
       Pursuant
to final rules issued by CMS on November 3, 2004, Medicare reimbursement
for EPOGEN
® used in the dialysis setting for calendar year
2005 changed from the previous rate in 2004 of $10 per 1,000 Units to $9.76 per
1,000 Units, in 2005, a rate based upon an average acquisition cost for 2003
determined by the Office of the Inspector General (“OIG”) and adjusted for
price inflation based on the Producer Price Index for pharmaceutical products.
Pursuant to the CMS final rules, the difference between the 2004 reimbursement
rates for all drugs separately billed outside the dialysis composite rate
(including EPOGEN
®) and the 2005 reimbursement
rates for such drugs was added to the composite rate that dialysis providers
receive for dialysis treatment. In November 2005, CMS released the 2006
Medicare Physician Fee Schedule Payment Final Rule. In the final rule, CMS
stated that EPOGEN
® and separately billed ESRD drugs will be
reimbursable at ASP+6% in both freestanding and hospital-based dialysis
centers. This final rule establishes the payment mechanism for separately
reimbursed dialysis drugs in both freestanding and hospital-

33

based dialysis centers,
including EPOGEN
® and Aranesp
®,
at ASP+6% using the same payment amounts used in the physician clinic setting
and calculated quarterly in the same manner as described above for our products
under the Medicare Part B payment methodology. Based on this final rule,
we expect that the reimbursement rate for EPOGEN
® will decrease for 2006 compared to 2005.
Because we cannot accurately predict the extent to which this reduced
reimbursement will impact how, or under what circumstances, healthcare
providers will prescribe or administer EPOGEN
®,
we cannot estimate the full impact of the reduced reimbursement rate on our
EPOGEN
® product sales. However, we believe that it is
not likely to be significant in 2006.

In addition, on November 9, 2005, CMS released a
final revision to the Hematocrit Measurement Audit Program Memorandum (“HMA-PM”),
a Medicare payment review mechanism used by CMS to audit EPOGEN
® and Aranesp
® (when used in
dialysis) utilization and appropriate hematocrit outcomes of dialysis patients.
The new policy, Claims Monitoring Policy: Erythropoietin/darbepoetin alfa usage
for beneficiaries with end stage renal disease (“Claims Monitoring Policy”),
will be effective April 1, 2006. The final Claims Monitoring Policy
provides that if a patient’s hemoglobin is greater than 13 grams per deciliter,
providers are instructed to reduce the patient’s EPOGEN
® and Aranesp
® dose by twenty-five percent. If the provider
does not reduce the patient’s EPOGEN
® and Aranesp
® dose and there is no medical documentation to
support the higher dosage, reimbursement will be reduced to the level it would
have been had the provider reduced dosage by twenty-five percent. Based on our
preliminary evaluation, we do not expect the new Claims Monitoring Policy to
have a negative impact on EPOGEN
® and Aranesp
® sales and given the importance of EPOGEN
® and Aranesp
® for maintaining
the quality of care for dialysis patients, we do not expect that the new policy
will substantially impact the utilization of EPOGEN
® and Aranesp
®.
However, we are currently in the process of further evaluating the new Claims
Monitoring Policy. As a result, we cannot predict the potential full impact of
this final guidance on our business.

If, and when, reimbursement rates or availability for
our marketed products changes adversely or if we fail to obtain adequate
reimbursement for our current or future products, health care providers may
limit how much or under what circumstances they will prescribe or administer
them, which could reduce the use of our products or cause us to reduce the
price of our products. This could result in lower product sales, which could
have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations. For
example, the use of EPOGEN
® in the United States in connection with
treatment for end stage renal disease is funded primarily by the U.S. federal
government. In early 1997, CMS, formerly known as Healthcare Financing
Administration (“HCFA”), instituted a reimbursement change for EPOGEN
®, which materially and adversely affected our EPOGEN
® sales until the
policies were revised. Also, we believe the increasing emphasis on cost-containment
initiatives in the United States, Europe, and other countries has and will continue
to put pressure on the price and usage of our products, which may adversely
impact product sales. Further, when a new therapeutic product is approved, the
governmental and/or private coverage and reimbursement for that product is
uncertain. We cannot predict the availability or amount of reimbursement for
our approved products or product candidates, including those at a late stage of
development, and current reimbursement policies for marketed products may
change at any time. Sales of all our products are and will be affected by
government and private payer reimbursement policies. Reduction in reimbursement
for our products could have a material adverse effect on our product sales and
results of operations.

34

Certain
of our raw materials, medical devices and components are single-sourced from
third parties; third-party supply failures could adversely affect our ability
to supply our products.

Certain raw materials
necessary for commercial manufacturing and formulation of our products are
provided by single-source unaffiliated third-party suppliers. Also, certain
medical devices and components necessary for formulation, fill, and finish of
our products are provided by single-source unaffiliated third-party suppliers.
Certain of these raw materials, medical devices, and components are the
proprietary products of these unaffiliated third-party suppliers and, in some
cases, such proprietary products are specifically cited in our drug application
with the FDA so that they must be obtained from that specific sole source and
could not be obtained from another supplier unless and until the FDA approved
that other supplier. We would be unable to obtain these raw materials, medical
devices, or components for an indeterminate period of time if these third-party
single-source suppliers were to cease or interrupt production or otherwise fail
to supply these materials or products to us for any reason, including due to
regulatory requirements or action, due to adverse financial developments at or
affecting the supplier, and/or due to unexpected demand, labor shortages or
disputes. We would also be unable to obtain these materials, devices and
components for an indeterminate period of time if such supply was subsequently
found to not be in compliance with our quality standards or resulted in quality
failures or product contamination and/or recall when used to manufacture,
formulate, fill, or finish our products. These events could adversely affect
our ability to satisfy demand for our products, which could adversely affect our
product sales and operating results materially. For example, we have
experienced shortages in certain components necessary for the formulation,
fill, and finish of certain of our products in our Puerto Rico facility without
impact on our ability to supply these products. However, we may experience the
shortages in the future resulting in delayed shipments, supply constraints,
stock-outs and/or recalls of our products.

Also, certain of the raw
materials required in the commercial manufacturing and the formulation of our
products are derived from biological sources, including mammalian tissues,
bovine serum and human serum albumin, or HSA. We are investigating alternatives
to certain biological sources as such raw materials may be subject to
contamination and/or recall. Also, some countries in which we market our
products may restrict the use of certain biologically derived substances in the
manufacture of drugs. A material shortage, contamination, recall, and/or
restriction of the use of certain biologically derived substances in the
manufacture of our products could adversely impact or disrupt our commercial
manufacturing of our products or could result in a mandated withdrawal of our
products from the market. This could adversely affect our ability to satisfy
demand for our products, which could adversely affect our product sales and operating
results materially.

Our
current products and products in development cannot be sold if we do not
maintain regulatory approval and comply with manufacturing regulations.

We and certain of our
licensors and partners conduct research, preclinical testing, and clinical
trials for our product candidates. In addition, we manufacture and contract
manufacture and certain of our licensors and partners manufacture our product
candidates. We also manufacture and contract manufacture, price, sell,
distribute, and market or co-market our products for their approved
indications. These activities are subject to extensive regulation by numerous
state and federal governmental authorities in the United States, such as the
FDA and CMS, as well as in foreign countries, including European countries,
Canada, Australia and Japan. Currently, we are required in the United States
and in foreign countries to obtain approval from those countries’ regulatory
authorities before we can manufacture (or have our third-party manufacturers
produce), market and sell our products in those countries. In our experience,
obtaining regulatory approval is costly and takes many years, and after it is
obtained, remains costly to maintain. (See “— Before we commercialize and sell
any of our product candidates, we must conduct clinical trials in humans; if we
fail to adequately manage these trials we may not be able to sell future
products and our sales could be adversely affected.”)

35

The FDA and other U.S. and
foreign regulatory agencies have substantial authority to terminate clinical
trials, require additional testing, delay or withhold registration and
marketing approval, require changes in labeling of our products, and mandate
product withdrawals. Substantially all of our marketed products are currently
approved in the United States and most are approved in Europe and in other foreign
countries for specific uses. However, later discovery of unknown problems with
our products could result in restrictions on the sale or use of such products,
including potential withdrawal of the product from the market. If new medical
data suggests an unacceptable safety risk or previously unidentified
side-effects, we may voluntarily withdraw, or regulatory authorities may
mandate the withdrawal of, such product from the market for some period or
permanently. Further, regulatory agencies could change existing, or promulgate
new, regulations at any time which may affect our ability to obtain or maintain
approval of our existing or future products or require significant additional
costs to obtain or maintain such approvals. We currently manufacture and market
all our approved principal products, and we plan to manufacture and market many
of our potential products. (See “— Difficulties, disruptions or delays in
manufacturing may limit supply of our products and limit our product sales.”
and “— We may be required to perform additional clinical trials or change the
labeling of our products if we or others identify side effects after our
products are on the market.”) Even though we have obtained regulatory approval
for our marketed products, these products and our manufacturing processes are
subject to continued review by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. In
addition, ENBREL is manufactured both by us at our Rhode Island manufacturing
facilities and by third-party contract manufacturers, including Boehringer
Ingelheim Pharma KG (“BI Pharma”). Formulation, fill, and finish of bulk
product produced at our Rhode Island manufacturing facilities is performed by
us and third-party service providers and formulation, fill, and finish of bulk
product manufactured at our other facilities that is currently solely performed
by us may also be performed by us and third-party service providers in the
future. The third-party contract manufacturers and third-party service
providers are also subject to FDA regulatory authority. (See “— Difficulties,
disruptions or delays in manufacturing may limit supply of our products and
limit our product sales.”) In addition, later discovery of unknown problems
with our products or manufacturing processes or those of our contract
manufacturers or third-party service providers could result in restrictions on
the sale, manufacture, or use of such products, including potential withdrawal
of the products from the market. For example, we have conducted a voluntary
wholesaler recall of a limited number of lots of ENBREL as a result of a small
number of reports of missing, detached or loose rubber caps on the needle-less
syringe filled with diluent liquid by a third-party contract manufacturer and
packaged with the vials of ENBREL. Although there have been no observable
adverse event trends associated with the reports of missing detached or loose
rubber caps, we may experience the same or other problems in the future
resulting in broader product recalls or adverse event trends. If regulatory
authorities determine that we or our contract manufacturers or third-party
service providers have violated regulations or if they restrict, suspend, or
revoke our prior approvals, they could prohibit us from manufacturing or
selling our marketed products until we or our contract manufacturers or
third-party service providers comply, or indefinitely. In addition, if
regulatory authorities determine that we or our licensor or partner conducting
research and development activities on our behalf have not complied with
regulations in the research and development of a product candidate, then they
may not approve the product candidate and we will not be able to market and
sell it. If we were unable to market and sell our products or product
candidates, our business and results of operations would be materially and
adversely affected.

We
formulate, fill, and finish substantially all our products at our Puerto Rico
manufacturing facility; if significant natural disasters or production failures
occur at this facility, we may not be able to supply these products.

We currently perform all
of the formulation, fill, and finish for EPOGEN
®,
Aranesp
®, Neulasta
® and NEUPOGEN
® and some formulation, fill, and finish
operations for ENBREL at our manufacturing facility in Juncos, Puerto Rico. Our
global supply of these products is significantly dependent on the uninterrupted
and efficient operation of this facility. Additionally, to keep up with the
growing demand for 

36

our
products, we are operating this facility at nearly full production capacity.
Power failures, the breakdown, failure or substandard performance of equipment,
the improper installation or operation of equipment, natural or other
disasters, including hurricanes, or failures to comply with regulatory requirements,
including those of the FDA, contamination or shortages of components used in
the formulation, fill, and finish of our products, among others, could
adversely affect our formulation, fill, and finish operations. For example,
this facility in Puerto Rico has experienced manufacturing component shortages
and has had evidence of adverse trends in the microbial bioburden of the
production environment that has reduced the production output. Although these
experiences in Puerto Rico have not impacted our ability to supply product in
the past, the same or other problems may result in our being unable to supply
these products, which could adversely affect our product sales and operating
results materially. Although we have obtained limited insurance to protect
against certain business interruption losses, there can be no assurance that
such coverage will be adequate or that such coverage will continue to remain
available on acceptable terms, if at all. The extent of the coverage of our
insurance could limit our ability to mitigate for lost sales and could result
in such losses adversely affecting our product sales and operating results
materially.

Difficulties,
disruptions or delays in manufacturing may limit supply of our products and
limit our product sales.

We currently manufacture
and market all our principal products, and we plan to manufacture and market
many of our potential products. Manufacturing biologic human therapeutic
products is difficult, complex and highly regulated. (See “— Our current
products and products in development cannot be sold if we do not maintain
regulatory approval and comply with manufacturing regulations.”) Our ability to
adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products is impacted by many
manufacturing variables, such as availability of raw materials and components
used in the manufacturing process, particularly those for which we have no
other source or supplier, facility capacity, the timing and actual number of
production runs, production success rates, bulk drug yields, and the timing and
outcome of product quality testing. If we have problems in one or more of these
or other manufacturing variables, we may experience delayed shipments, supply
constraints, stock-outs and/or recalls of our products. For example, in the second
quarter of 2002, the prior co-marketers with respect to ENBREL experienced a
brief period where no ENBREL was available to fill patient prescriptions,
primarily due to variation in the expected production yield from BI Pharma, our
primary third-party manufacturer of ENBREL. If we are at any time unable to
provide an uninterrupted supply of our products to patients, we may lose
patients, physicians may elect to prescribe competing therapeutics instead of
our products, and sales of our products will be adversely affected, which could
materially and adversely affect our product sales and results of operations.

We
are dependent on third parties for a significant portion of our bulk supply and
the formulation, fill, and finish of ENBREL.

We currently produce a
substantial portion of annual ENBREL supply at our Rhode Island manufacturing
facilities. However, we also depend on third parties for a significant portion
of our ENBREL bulk supply as well as for some of the formulation, fill, and
finish of ENBREL that we manufacture. BI Pharma is our third-party manufacturer
of ENBREL bulk drug; accordingly, our U.S. and Canadian supply of ENBREL is
currently significantly dependent on BI Pharma’s production schedule for
ENBREL. We would be unable to produce ENBREL in sufficient quantities to
substantially offset shortages in BI Pharma’s scheduled production if BI Pharma
or other third-party manufacturers used for the formulation, fill, and finish
of ENBREL bulk drug were to cease or interrupt production or services or
otherwise fail to supply materials, products, or services to us for any reason,
including due to labor shortages or disputes, regulatory requirements or
action, or contamination of product lots or product recalls. This in turn could
materially reduce our ability to satisfy demand for ENBREL, which could
materially and adversely affect our operating results. Among the factors that
could affect our actual supply of ENBREL at any time in

37

clude,
without limitation, is BI Pharma’s and the Rhode Island facilities’ bulk drug
production scheduling. For example, BI Pharma does not produce ENBREL
continuously; rather, it produces the bulk drug substance through a series of
periodic campaigns throughout the year. Our Rhode Island manufacturing
facilities are currently dedicated to ENBREL production. The amount of
commercial inventory available to us at any time depends on a variety of
factors, including the timing and actual number of BI Pharma’s production runs,
the actual number of runs at our Rhode Island manufacturing facilities, and,
for either the Rhode Island or BI Pharma facilities, the level of production
yields and success rates, the timing and outcome of product quality testing,
and the amount of formulation, fill, and finish capacity.

We are dependent on third
parties for some formulation, fill, and finish of ENBREL bulk drug substance
manufactured at our Rhode Island facilities. If third-party formulation, fill,
and finish manufacturers are unable to provide sufficient capacity or are
otherwise unable to provide services to us, then supply of ENBREL could be
adversely affected materially.

Under a collaboration and
global supply agreement, we and Wyeth share the total worldwide supply of
ENBREL produced by Amgen’s Rhode Island manufacturing facilities, BI Pharma’s
manufacturing facility in Germany and Wyeth’s manufacturing facility in Ireland.
Our ENBREL supply forecasts rely on certain assumptions of how much ENBREL each
of these manufacturing facilities is expected to produce. If any of these
manufacturing facilities are unable to produce in accordance with our or Wyeth’s
expectations, the worldwide supply of ENBREL could be adversely affected
materially. In such cases, we may be required to allocate supply for Wyeth’s
benefit. To the extent that there is a shortfall in worldwide production expectations,
our supply of ENBREL could be adversely affected.

We
have grown rapidly, and if we fail to adequately manage that growth our
business could be adversely impacted.

We
have had an aggressive growth plan that has included substantial and increasing
investments in research and development, sales and marketing, and facilities.
We plan to continue to grow and our plan has a number of risks, some of which
we cannot completely control. For example:

·
       we
need to generate higher revenues to cover a higher level of operating expenses,
and our ability to do so may depend on factors that we do not control

·
       we
need to attract and retain highly qualified management, scientific, manufacturing
and sales and marketing personnel, including hiring of approximately 1,000 new
staff into our research and development organizations in 2006

·
       we
will need to assimilate new staff members and we will need to manage
complexities associated with a larger, faster growing and geographically
diverse organization

·
       we
will need to significantly expand our clinical development resources to manage
and execute increasingly larger and more complex clinical trials

·
       we
will need to significantly expand our sales and marketing resources to launch a
number of late-stage product candidates close in time

·
       we
will need to accurately anticipate demand for the products we manufacture and
maintain adequate manufacturing capacity for both commercial and clinical
supply

·
       we
will need to start up and operate a number of new manufacturing facilities and
enter into and manage new third-party contract manufacturing arrangements,
which may result in temporary inefficiencies and higher cost of goods

·
       we
are implementing an enterprise resource planning system to support our
increasingly complex business and business processes and such implementation
carries substantial operations risk, including loss of data or information,
unanticipated increases in costs, disruption of operations or business
interruption

38

Of course, there may be
other risks and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully manage
these or other risks. If we fail to manage our growth in these ways or others,
such failure could result in a material adverse affect on our business and
results of operations.

Our
marketed products face substantial competition and other companies may
discover, develop, acquire or commercialize products before or more
successfully than we do.

We operate in a highly
competitive environment. Our products compete with other products or treatments
for diseases for which our products may be indicated. For example, ENBREL competes
in certain circumstances with products marketed by Centocor, Inc., Johnson &
Johnson, Abbott Laboratories, Biogen IDEC Inc., Genentech, Inc., Pfizer
Inc., Novartis Corp., and Sanofi-Aventis, as well as the generic drug
methotrexate, and may face competition from other potential therapies being
developed. Additionally, Aranesp
® competes with products marketed by Johnson &
Johnson in the United States and the EU and with products marketed by Roche in
the EU. Also, Aranesp
® may face competition in the EU from another
Epoetin alfa product produced by Shire in the first half of 2007. Aranesp
® and EPOGEN
® may also face
competition from Roche’s pegylated erythropoietin molecule that, according to
Roche’s public statements, they expect to bring to the U.S. market despite
their acknowledgement of our U.S. erythropoietin patents. (See “— If our intellectual property positions are
challenged, invalidated, circumvented or expire, or if we fail to prevail in
present and future intellectual property litigation, our business could be
adversely affected.”)

Further,
if our currently marketed products are approved for new uses, or if we sell new
products, we may face new, additional competition that we do not face today.
Our principal European patent relating to erythropoietin expired on December 12,
2004 and our principal European patent relating to G-CSF expires on August 22,
2006. We believe that after the expiration of each of these patents, other companies
could receive approval for and market biosimilar products to compete with our
products in the EU, presenting additional competition to our products. While we
do not market erythropoietin in Europe as this right belongs to Johnson &
Johnson (through KA), we do market Aranesp
® in the EU, which competes with Johnson &
Johnson’s EPREX
® product, Roche’s Neorecormon
® product and others’ erythropoietin products.
We cannot predict with certainty when the first biosimilar products could
appear on the market in the EU. However, we believe that biosimilar
erythropoietin products may be approved in the EU beginning in late 2006 and
could be available in the EU shortly after approval. We also expect that the
first biosimilar G-CSF product may be approved as early as mid-2007 and
that it would compete with Neulasta
® and NEUPOGEN
®.
We cannot predict whether or to what extent the entry of biosimilar products
would impact future Aranesp
®, Neulasta
® or NEUPOGEN
® sales in the EU.
Our products may compete against products that have lower prices, superior
performance, are easier to administer, or that are otherwise competitive with
our products. Our inability to compete effectively could adversely affect
product sales materially. The EU is currently in the process of developing
regulatory guidelines related to the development and approval of biosimilar
products. In July 2005, the EMEA issued clinical trial guidance for
certain biosimilar products including erythropoietins and granulocyte-colony
stimulating factors, which guidance recommends that applicants seeking approval
of such biosimilar products conduct fairly extensive pharmacodynamic,
toxicological, clinical safety studies and a pharmacovigilance program. In October 2005,
the EMEA confirmed that biosimilar products will be approved under a different
legal pathway than the one applicable to generics of small molecule drugs.
Based on the process and timing outlined by the EMEA, we believe relevant
product specific guidelines are likely to be finalized by the first quarter of
2006. However, we cannot predict what the final EMEA product specific
guidelines will be.

Certain of our
competitors, including biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, market
products or are actively engaged in research and development in areas where we
have products or where we are developing product candidates or new indications
for existing products. In the future, we expect that our products will compete
with new drugs currently in development, drugs approved for other indications
that may be approved for the same indications as those of our products, and
drugs approved for other indications that are used off-label.

39

Large pharmaceutical
corporations may have greater clinical, research, regulatory, manufacturing,
marketing, financial and human resources than we do. In addition, some of our
competitors may have technical or competitive advantages over us for the development
of technologies and processes. These resources may make it difficult for us to
compete with them to successfully discover, develop, and market new products
and for our current products to compete with new products or new product
indications that these competitors may bring to market. Business combinations
among our competitors may also increase competition and the resources available
to our competitors.

Concentration
of sales at certain of our wholesaler distributors and consolidation of
freestanding dialysis clinic businesses may negatively impact our bargaining
power and profit margins.

A significant portion of
our product sales are made to three pharmaceutical product wholesaler distributors,
AmerisourceBergen Corporation, Cardinal Health, Inc., and McKesson
Corporation. Sales to these three customers aggregated approximately 94% of
total U.S. product sales in 2005. These distributors, in turn, sell our
products to their customers, which include clinics, dialysis centers, hospitals
and pharmacies. One of these products, EPOGEN
®,
is primarily sold to independent freestanding dialysis clinics, which have
recently experienced significant consolidation. Three of these freestanding
dialysis clinics, DaVita Inc., Fresenius Medical Care North America, Inc.,
and Renal Care Group, Inc., account for approximately 70% of all EPOGEN
® sales in the
freestanding dialysis clinic setting. This concentration and consolidation has
increased these entities’ purchasing leverage and may put pressure on our
pricing by their potential ability to extract price discounts on our products
or fees for other services, correspondingly negatively impacting our bargaining
position and profit margins. The results of these developments may have a
material adverse effect on our product sales and results of operations.

Our
marketing of ENBREL will be dependent in part upon Wyeth.

Under a co-promotion
agreement, we and Wyeth market and sell ENBREL in the United States and Canada.
A management committee comprised of an equal number of representatives from us
and Wyeth is responsible for overseeing the marketing and sales of ENBREL
including strategic planning, the approval of an annual marketing plan, product
pricing, and the establishment of a brand team. The brand team, with equal
representation from us and Wyeth, prepares and implements the annual marketing
plan, which includes a minimum level of financial and sales personnel
commitment from each party, and is responsible for all sales activities. If
Wyeth fails to market ENBREL effectively or if we and Wyeth fail to coordinate
our efforts effectively, our sales of ENBREL may be adversely affected materially.

Our
business may be impacted by government investigations or litigation.

We and certain of our
subsidiaries are involved in legal proceedings relating to various patent
matters, government investigations, our business operations, government
requests for information, and other legal proceedings that arise from time to
time in the ordinary course of our business. Matters required to be disclosed
by us are set forth in “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” and are updated as required
in subsequently filed Form 10-Qs. Litigation is inherently
unpredictable, and the outcome can result in excessive verdicts and/or
injunctive relief that affects how we operate our business. Consequently, it is
possible that we could, in the future, incur judgments or enter into
settlements of claims for monetary damages or change the way we operate our business,
which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations (in the
case of monetary damages, in the period in which such damages are incurred).

The federal government,
state governments and private payers are investigating, and many have filed
actions against, numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, including
Amgen and Immunex Corporation, now a wholly owned subsidiary of ours, alleging
that the reporting of prices for pharmaceutical products has resulted in false
and overstated AWP, which in turn is alleged to have improperly inflated the
reimbursement paid by Medicare beneficiaries, insurers, state Medicaid
programs, medical plans and other payers to health care providers who
prescribed and administered those products. A number of these actions have been
brought against us and/or Immunex. Additionally, a number of states have
pending in

40

vestigations
regarding our Medicaid drug pricing practices and the U.S. Departments of
Justice and Health and Human Services have requested that Immunex produce
documents relating to pricing issues. Further, certain state government entity
plaintiffs in some of these AWP cases are also alleging that companies,
including ours, are not reporting their “best price” to the states under the
Medicaid program. These cases and investigations are described in “Item 3. Legal
Proceedings — Average Wholesale Price Litigation”, and are updated as
required in subsequent Form 10-Qs. Other states and agencies could
initiate investigations of our pricing practices. A decision adverse to our
interests on these actions and/or investigations could result in substantial
economic damages and could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations in the period in which such liabilities are incurred.

We
may be required to defend lawsuits or pay damages for product liability claims.

Product liability is a
major risk in testing and marketing biotechnology and pharmaceutical products.
We may face substantial product liability exposure in human clinical trials and
for products that we sell after regulatory approval. Product liability claims,
regardless of their merits, could be costly and divert management’s attention,
and adversely affect our reputation and the demand for our products. Amgen and
Immunex have been named as defendants in product liability actions for certain
company products.

We
may be required to perform additional clinical trials or change the labeling of
our products if we or others identify side effects after our products are on
the market.

If we or others identify
side effects after any of our products are on the market, or if manufacturing
problems occur, regulatory approval may be withdrawn and reformulation of our
products, additional clinical trials, changes in labeling of our products, and
changes to or re-approvals of our manufacturing facilities may be required, any
of which could have a material adverse effect on sales of the affected products
and on our business and results of operations.

After
any of our products are approved for commercial use, we or regulatory bodies
could decide, and have in the past decided, that changes to our product
labeling are required. Label changes may be necessary for a number of reasons,
including: the identification of actual or theoretical safety or efficacy
concerns by regulatory agencies; the discovery of significant problems with a
similar product that implicates an entire class of products or subsequent
concerns about the sufficiency of the data or studies underlying the label. Any
significant concerns raised about the safety or efficacy of our products could
also result in the need to reformulate those products, to conduct additional
clinical trials, to make changes to our manufacturing processes, or to seek
re-approval of our manufacturing facilities. Significant concerns about the
safety and effectiveness of a product could ultimately lead to the revocation
of its marketing approval. The revision of product labeling or the regulatory
actions described above could be required even if there is no clearly
established connection between the product and the safety or efficacy concerns
that have been raised. The revision of product labeling or the regulatory
actions described above could have a material adverse effect on sales of the
affected products and on our business and results of operations. (See “— Our
current products and products in development cannot be sold if we do not
maintain regulatory approval and comply with manufacturing regulations.”)

Guidelines
and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of
our products.

Government agencies promulgate
regulations and guidelines directly applicable to us and to our products.
However, professional societies, practice management groups, private
health/science foundations, and organizations involved in various diseases from
time to time may also publish guidelines or recommendations to the health care
and patient communities. Recommendations of government agencies or these other
groups/organizations may relate to such matters as usage, dosage, route of
administration, and use of related therapies. Organizations like these have in
the past made recommendations about our products. Recommendations or guidelines
that are followed by patients and health care providers could result in
decreased use of our products. For example, we understand that the Agency for
Healthcare Re

41

search
and Quality (“AHRQ”) is currently preparing a report on erythropoietic
stimulating proteins used in cancer treatment. To the extent that the report
makes recommendations on the use of Aranesp
®,
use of this product could be affected. In addition, the perception by the
investment community or stockholders that recommendations or guidelines will
result in decreased use of our products could adversely affect prevailing market
prices for our common stock.

Our
stock price is volatile, which could adversely affect your investment.

Our
stock price, like that of other biotechnology companies, is volatile. For
example, in the fifty-two weeks prior to December 31, 2005, the trading
price of our common stock has ranged from a high of $86.17 per share to a low
of $57.20 per share. Our stock price may be affected by a number of factors,
such as:

·
       changes
in reimbursement policies or medical practices

·
       adverse
developments regarding the safety or efficacy of our products

·
       actual
or anticipated clinical trial results

·
       actual
or anticipated product supply constraints

·
       product
development or other business announcements by us or our competitors

·
       regulatory
matters or actions

·
       announcements
in the scientific and research community

·
       intellectual
property and legal matters

·
       broader
economic, industry and market trends unrelated to our performance

·
       failure
to complete the Abgenix, Inc. (“Abgenix”) acquisition

In addition, if our
revenues, earnings or other financial results in any period fail to meet the
investment community’s expectations, there could be an immediate adverse impact
on our stock price.

Our
corporate compliance program cannot guarantee that we are in compliance with
all potentially applicable U.S. federal and state regulations and all potentially
applicable foreign regulations.

The development,
manufacturing, distribution, pricing, sales, marketing, and reimbursement of
our products, together with our general operations, is subject to extensive
federal and state regulation in the United States and to extensive regulation
in foreign countries. (See “— Our current products and products in development
cannot be sold if we do not maintain regulatory approval and comply with
manufacturing regulations.” and “— Difficulties, disruptions or delays in
manufacturing may limit supply of our products and limit our product sales.”
and “— We may be required to perform additional clinical trials or change the
labeling of our products if we or others identify side effects after our
products are on the market.”) While we have developed and instituted a
corporate compliance program based on what we believe to be current best
practices, we cannot assure you that we or our employees are or will be in compliance
with all potentially applicable U.S. federal and state regulations and/or laws
or all potentially applicable foreign regulations and/or laws. If we fail to
comply with any of these regulations and/or laws a range of actions could
result, including, but not limited to, the termination of clinical trials, the
failure to approve a product candidate, restrictions on our products or
manufacturing processes, including withdrawal of our products from the market,
significant fines, exclusion from government healthcare programs, or other
sanctions or litigation.

42

Our
revenues may fluctuate, and this fluctuation could cause financial results to
be below expectations.

Our
operating results may fluctuate from period to period for a number of reasons.
In budgeting our operating expenses for the foreseeable future, we assume that
revenues will continue to grow; however, some of our operating expenses are
fixed in the short term. Because of this, even a relatively small revenue
shortfall may cause a period’s results to be below our expectations or
projections. A revenue shortfall could arise from any number of factors, some
of which we cannot control. For example, we may face:

·
       changes
in the government’s or private payers’ reimbursement policies for our products

·
       inability
to maintain regulatory approval of marketed products or manufacturing facilities

·
       changes
in our product pricing strategies

·
       lower
than expected demand for our products

·
       inability
to provide adequate supply of our products

·
       changes
in wholesaler buying patterns

·
       increased
competition from new or existing products

·
       fluctuations
in foreign currency exchange rates

Of course, there may be
other factors that affect our revenues in any given period. Similarly if investors
or the investment community are uncertain about our financial performance for a
given period, our stock price could also be adversely impacted.

We
may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our merger with Abgenix, Inc.

On December 14, 2005,
we announced that we had signed a definitive merger agreement under which we
would acquire Abgenix for approximately $2.2 billion in cash plus the
assumption of debt. The acquisition will provide us with full ownership of
panitumumab and eliminate a tiered royalty on denosumab, two of our most
important advanced pipeline products, as well as provide us with Abgenix’s
manufacturing plant. The success of the merger will depend, in part, on
our ability to realize the anticipated growth opportunities from integrating
the businesses. In particular, this will require the successful regulatory
approval and commercial launch of panitumumab along with production of
panitumumab at Abgenix’s manufacturing plant. The integration of two
independent companies is a complex, costly, and time-consuming process.

In addition, even if we
are able to successfully integrate Abgenix’s operations, this integration may
not result in the realization of the full benefits of the growth opportunities
that we expect to result from the merger, or we may not achieve the expected
benefits within the anticipated time frame. Further, the benefits from the
merger may be offset by costs incurred in integrating the two companies. We
cannot assure you that the integration of Abgenix with us will result in the
realization of the full post-merger benefits anticipated by us. Our failure to
achieve these benefits could have a material and adverse effect on our results
of operations.

Continual
manufacturing process improvement efforts may result in the carrying value of
certain existing manufacturing facilities or other assets becoming impaired.

In connection with our
ongoing process improvement activities associated with products we manufacture,
we continually invest in our various manufacturing practices and related processes
with the objective of increasing production yields and success rates to gain
increased cost efficiencies and capacity utilization. Depending on the timing
and outcomes of these efforts and our other estimates and assumptions regarding
future product sales, the carrying value of certain manufacturing facilities or
other assets may not be fully recoverable and could result in the recognition
of an impairment in the carrying value at the time that such effects are
identified. The potential recognition of impairment in the carrying value, if
any, could have a material and adverse affect on our results of operations.

43