— We manufacture and formulate, fill and finish substantially all our products at our Puerto Rico manufacturing facility; if significant natural disasters or production failures occur
at this facility, we may not be able to supply these products”). 

Clinical Manufacturing 

Clinical bulk manufacturing, formulation, fill and finish manufacturing facilities are operated in several locations throughout the United States and in
Puerto Rico (see “Item 2. Properties”). Certain finishing activities for our clinical products are performed in the Netherlands. In addition, we also utilize third-party contract manufacturers to perform manufacturing activities for
certain of our clinical products. 

Distribution 

We operate distribution centers in Kentucky, California and the Netherlands for worldwide distribution of the majority of our commercial and clinical products. In addition, we also use third party distributors to supplement distribution of
our commercial and clinical products in certain areas of the world. 

Other 

In addition to the manufacturing and distribution activities noted above, our operations in the United States and Puerto Rico perform key manufacturing
support functions, including quality control, process development, procurement, distribution and production scheduling. Our global supply of our principal products is significantly dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our
manufacturing facilities. 

29 

Table of Contents

Manufacturing Initiatives 

We have a number of key ongoing initiatives to assist in meeting our future manufacturing needs. In order to maintain supply, mitigate risks associated with the majority of our formulation, fill and finish operations
being performed in a single facility and to adequately prepare to launch a number of our late-stage product candidates, in particular denosumab, we must successfully implement a number of manufacturing projects on schedule, operate our facilities at
appropriate production capacity over the next few years, optimize manufacturing asset utilization, continue our use of third-party contract manufacturers and maintain a state of regulatory compliance. Key manufacturing projects include:
(i) construction, qualification and licensure of a new formulation and filling facility at our Puerto Rico site and (ii) expansion and the related qualification and licensure of our existing bulk protein facilities at our Puerto Rico site
for the production of our late-stage product candidate, denosumab. (See 
“Item 1A. Risk Factors — Difficulties, disruptions or delays in manufacturing or failure to comply with manufacturing regulations may limit supply of our
products and limit our product sales; timing of supply may also be affected by operation of our distribution and logistics centers and providers.
”) 

Raw Materials and Medical Devices 

Certain raw materials, medical devices and components needed for manufacturing are
proprietary products provided by single-source third-party suppliers. Certain of these raw materials, medical devices and components are cited in our drug application with regulatory agencies so that they must be obtained from the specified sole
source. We currently attempt to manage the risk associated with such sole-sourced suppliers by inventory management, relationship management and evaluating alternate sources when feasible. We also monitor the financial condition of certain
suppliers, their ability to supply our needs and the market conditions for these items. 

Also, certain raw materials required for commercial
and clinical manufacturing of our products are derived from biological sources, including mammalian tissues, bovine serum and human serum albumin (“HSA”). Some of our manufacturing processes currently use biological sources and we continue
to investigate alternatives to biological sources and alternative manufacturing processes that do not require the use of biologically-sourced raw materials as such raw materials may be subject to contamination and/or recall. Also, certain countries
in which we market our products may restrict the use of biologically derived substances in the manufacture of drugs. A material shortage, contamination, recall and/or restriction of the use of biologically derived substances in the manufacture of
our products could disrupt our commercial manufacturing of products, or could result in a mandated withdrawal of products from the market. (See “Item 1A. Risk Factors — We rely on single third-party suppliers for some of our raw
materials, medical devices and components; if these third-parties fail to supply these items, we may be unable to supply our products.”) 

We perform various procedures to assist in authenticating the source of raw materials, including intermediary materials used in the manufacture of our products, which include verification of the country of origin. These procedures are
incorporated into the manufacturing processes performed by us and our third-party contract manufacturers. 

Joint Ventures and
Business Relationships 

From time to time, we may enter into joint ventures and other business relationships to provide additional
development, manufacturing and marketing capabilities. In addition to our internal R&D efforts, we have acquired certain product rights and have established R&D collaborations to enhance our R&D capabilities and internally developed
product pipeline. Our R&D collaborations generally provide for non-refundable, upfront license fees, R&D and commercial performance milestone payments, cost sharing, royalty payments and/or profit sharing. Additionally, these collaborations
may include manufacturing and co-promotion arrangements. Our collaboration agreements with third parties are performed on a “best efforts” basis with no guarantee of either technological or commercial success. 

Trade secret protection for our unpatented confidential and proprietary information is important to us. To protect our trade secrets, we generally require
parties to collaboration and licensing agreements to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of the collaboration or licensing arrangement with us. However, others could either develop independently the same or similar information
or obtain access to our information. 

30 

Table of Contents

Kirin Holdings Company, Limited 

We formed KA, a 50-50 joint venture with Kirin in 1984. KA develops and commercializes certain of
our and Kirin’s product rights, which have been transferred to this joint venture. KA has given exclusive licenses to us to manufacture and market: (i) darbepoetin alfa in the United States, Europe, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Mexico,
all Central and South American countries and certain countries in Central Asia, North Africa and the Middle East, (ii) pegfilgrastim and G-CSF in the United States, Europe, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, (iii) recombinant human
erythropoietin in the United States and (iv) romiplostim in the United States, Europe, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Mexico, all Central and South American countries and certain African and Middle East countries. We currently market
darbepoetin alfa, pegfilgrastim, G-CSF, recombinant human erythropoietin and romiplostim under the brand names Aranesp®
, Neulasta
®
, NEUPOGEN
®
/GRANULOKINE
®
, EPOGEN
®
 and
Nplate
®
, respectively. 

KA has also given exclusive licenses to Kirin to manufacture and market: (i) darbepoetin alfa and romiplostim in Japan, the People’s Republic of China (“China”), Taiwan, Korea and certain other countries in Asia,
(ii) pegfilgrastim and G-CSF in Japan, Taiwan and Korea and (iii) recombinant human erythropoietin in Japan. Kirin markets darbepoetin alfa in Japan under the brand name NESP®
.
Kirin markets G-CSF and recombinant human erythropoietin in China under a separate agreement with KA. Kirin markets its G-CSF product in its respective territories under the trademark GRAN
®
. Kirin markets its recombinant human erythropoietin product in Japan under the trademark ESPO
®
. 

KA has licensed to J&J rights to recombinant human erythropoietin in all geographic areas of the world outside the United States, China and Japan (see
“— Johnson & Johnson”). Under its agreement with KA, J&J pays a royalty to KA based on sales. KA has also licensed to Roche rights to pegfilgrastim and G-CSF in certain geographic areas of the world. 

In connection with our various license agreements with KA, we pay KA royalties based on product sales. In addition, we also receive payment from KA for
conducting certain R&D activities on its behalf (see Note 4, “Related party transactions” to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

Johnson & Johnson 

We granted J&J
a license to commercialize recombinant human erythropoietin as a human therapeutic in the United States in all markets other than dialysis. All recombinant human erythropoietin sold by J&J in the United States is manufactured by us and sold by
J&J under the trademark PROCRIT®
 (Epoetin alfa). PROCRIT
®
 brand Epoetin alfa is identical to EPOGEN
®
 brand Epoetin alfa, which is manufactured and sold by us in the U.S. dialysis market. Pursuant to the license agreement with J&J, we earn a 10% royalty on net sales of PROCRIT
®
 by J&J in the United States. 

Outside the United States, with the exception of China and Japan, J&J was granted rights to manufacture and commercialize recombinant human erythropoietin as a human therapeutic for all uses under a licensing agreement with KA. With
respect to its sales outside of the United States, J&J manufactures and commercializes its own brand of Epoetin alfa which is then sold by J&J under various trademarks such as EPREX®
 and ERYPO
®
. We are not involved in the manufacture of Epoetin alfa sold by J&J outside of the United States. 

Wyeth 

Amgen and Wyeth market and
sell ENBREL under a co-promotion agreement in the United States and Canada for all approved indications. The rights to market ENBREL outside of the United States and Canada are reserved to Wyeth. Under the co-promotion agreement, a management
committee comprised of equal representation from Wyeth and Amgen is responsible for overseeing the marketing and sales of ENBREL, including strategic planning, the approval of an annual marketing plan, product pricing and the establishment of a
brand team. The brand team, with equal representation from each party, prepares and implements the annual marketing plan, which requires a minimum level of financial and sales personnel commitment from each party, and is 

31 

Table of Contents

responsible for all sales activities. Further, pursuant to the co-promotion agreement, Wyeth and Amgen each pay a defined percentage of all selling and
marketing expenses approved by the management committee. In addition, we pay Wyeth a percentage of the annual gross profits on our ENBREL sales, which reflect the sharing of manufacturing costs in the United States and Canada attributable to all
approved indications for ENBREL on a scale that increases as gross profits increase; however, we maintain a majority share of ENBREL profits. Under the co-promotion agreement, Wyeth is required to reimburse Amgen for: (i) certain clinical and
regulatory expenses we incur in connection with the filing and approval of any new indications for ENBREL in the United States and Canada, (ii) certain specified patent expenses related to ENBREL and (iii) certain costs, expenses and
liabilities associated with the manufacture, use or sale of ENBREL in the United States and Canada. 

We also have a global supply agreement
with Wyeth related to the manufacture, supply and allocation of bulk supplies of ENBREL. Under this agreement, we and Wyeth share the total worldwide bulk supply of ENBREL produced by our Rhode Island manufacturing facility, BI Pharma’s
manufacturing facility in Germany and Wyeth’s manufacturing facility in Ireland. 

Our agreements with Wyeth do not include a change of
control provision. 

Fresenius Medical Care North America, Inc. 

In October 2006, we entered into a five-year sole sourcing and supply agreement with an affiliate of Fresenius Medical Care North America, Inc.
(“Fresenius”), on its behalf and on behalf of certain of its affiliates, whereby they have agreed to purchase, and we have agreed to supply, all of Fresenius’ commercial requirements for ESAs for use in managing the anemia of its
hemodialysis patients in the United States and Puerto Rico, based on forecasts provided by Fresenius and subject to the terms and conditions of the agreement. 

Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited 

In July 2007, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement
with Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited (“Daiichi Sankyo”), which provided them the exclusive rights to develop and commercialize denosumab in Japan in PMO and oncology with the potential for additional indications. As part of the agreement,
Amgen received exclusive worldwide rights to certain Daiichi Sankyo intellectual property to the extent applicable to denosumab. 

Takeda
Pharmaceutical Company Limited 

In February 2008, we entered into a license
agreement with Takeda, which provided them the exclusive rights to develop and commercialize for the Japanese market up to 12 clinical stage molecules from our pipeline across a range of therapeutic areas, including oncology and inflammation. The
molecules covered by the license agreement primarily include: AMG 108, AMG 317, AMG 386, AMG 479, AMG 655 and Vectibix®
. We have the right to participate in the promotion of these products
in Japan. In addition, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Takeda for the worldwide development and commercialization of motesanib (AMG 706). Each party has the right to participate in the commercialization of motesanib in the other
party’s territory. In connection with these agreements, Takeda acquired our subsidiary in Japan, Amgen K.K. 

Government
Regulation 

Regulation by governmental authorities in the United States and other countries is a significant factor in the production
and marketing of our products and our ongoing R&D activities. 

In order to clinically test, manufacture and market products for
therapeutic use, we must satisfy mandatory procedures and safety and effectiveness standards established by various regulatory bodies. In the United States, the Public Health Service Act, the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (“FDCA”)
and the FDAAA, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, the raw materials and components used in the production of, research, development, testing,
manufacture, quality control, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion, and distribution of our products on a product-by-product basis. The failure to comply with the applicable regulatory 

32 

Table of Contents

requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative and/or judicially imposed sanctions. These sanctions could include the FDA’s refusal
to approve pending applications, withdrawals of approvals, delay or suspension of clinical trials, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of our operations, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and/or criminal
prosecution. 

Clinical Development. Product development and approval within this regulatory framework takes a number of years and
involves our expenditure of substantial resources, and any approval we obtain remains costly for us to maintain (see 
“Item 1A. Risk Factors — Our current products and products in development cannot be sold if we do not gain or maintain
regulatory approval of our products and we may be required to perform additional clinical trials or change the labeling of our products or conduct other potentially limiting or costly risk management activities if we or others identify side effects
or safety concerns after our products are on the market.”, “— Before we commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications, we must conduct clinical trials in humans; if we fail to adequately
manage these trials we may not be able to sell future products and our sales could be adversely affected.”, “— We may not be able to develop commercial products.” and 
“— If our intellectual property positions are
challenged, invalidated, circumvented or expire, or if we fail to prevail in present and future intellectual property litigation, our business could be adversely affected.”). After laboratory analysis and preclinical testing in animals, we
file an investigational new drug (“IND”) application with the FDA to begin human testing. The IND application automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA raises concerns or questions. In such a case,
the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. 

Typically, we undertake a
three-phase human clinical testing program. In phase 1, we conduct small clinical trials to investigate the safety and proper dose ranges of our product candidates in a small number of human subjects. In phase 2, we conduct clinical trials to
investigate side effect profiles and efficacy of our product candidates in a larger number of patients who have the disease or condition under study. In phase 3, we conduct clinical trials to investigate the safety and efficacy of our product
candidates in a large number of patients who have the disease or condition under study. The time and expense required for us to perform this clinical testing is substantial and may vary by product. For example, denosumab, one of our late-stage
product candidates, requires large trials that require substantial time and resources to recruit patients and significant expense to execute. Historically, our products have required smaller, shorter trials. Foreign studies performed under an IND
must meet the same requirements that apply to U.S. studies. The FDA will accept a foreign clinical study not conducted under an IND only if the study is well-designed, well-conducted, performed by qualified investigators, and conforms to the ethical
principles contained in the Declaration of Helsinki (as embodied in FDA regulations) and applicable laws and regulations of the country in which the research was conducted. Phase 1, 2 and 3 testing may not be completed successfully within any
specified time period, if at all. (See “Item 1A. Risk Factors — We may not be able to develop commercial products.”) The FDA monitors the progress of each trial conducted under an IND and may, at its discretion, reevaluate,
alter, suspend, or terminate the testing based upon the data accumulated to that point and the FDA’s risk/benefit assessment with regard to the patients enrolled in the trial. (See “
Item 1A. Risk Factors — Before we commercialize
and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications, we must conduct clinical trials in humans; if we fail to adequately manage these trials we may not be able to sell future products and our sales could be adversely
affected.”) 

Applications. The results of preclinical and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA in the form of a BLA for
biologic products subject to the Public Health Service Act or a new drug application (“NDA”) for drugs subject to the approval provisions of the FDCA. The submission of the application is no guarantee that the FDA will find it complete and
accept it for filing. If an application is accepted for filing, following the FDA’s review, the FDA may grant marketing approval, request additional information, or deny the application if it determines that the application does not provide an
adequate basis for approval. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require postmarketing clinical trials or other studies to confirm the product’s safety and efficacy for its intended use. We cannot take any action to market any new drug or
biologic product in the United States until our appropriate marketing application has been approved by the FDA. 

Post-approval Phase.
Under the FDAAA, if the FDA becomes aware of new safety information after approval of a product, they may require us to conduct further clinical trials to assess a known or potential serious 

33 

Table of Contents

risk. If required to conduct a post-approval study, periodic status reports must be submitted to the FDA. Failure to conduct such post-approval studies in a
timely manner may result in substantial civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDAAA also gave the FDA authority to require companies to
implement a REMS for a product to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the risks. The FDA may require the submission of a REMS before a product is approved, or after approval based on new safety information, including new analyses of
existing safety information. A REMS may include a medication guide, patient package insert, a plan for communication with healthcare providers, or other elements as the FDA deems are necessary to assure safe use of the product, which could include
imposing certain restrictions on distribution or use of a product. A REMS must include a timetable for submission of assessments of the strategy at specified time intervals. Failure to comply with a REMS, including the submission of a required
assessment or any modification to a REMS, may result in substantial civil or criminal penalties. 

Adverse events that are reported after
marketing approval also can result in additional limitations being placed on a product’s use and, potentially, withdrawal of the product from the market. The FDA has authority to mandate labeling changes to products at any point in a
product’s lifecycle based on new safety information. (See “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Recent labeling changes or risk mitigation activities required by regulatory authorities, as well as the results or meta-analyses of clinical
trials, may adversely impact the use, sales and reimbursement of our ESAs.”) Failure to implement FDA-mandated changes may result in civil or criminal penalties. (See “
Item 1A. Risk Factors — Our current products and products
in development cannot be sold if we do not gain or maintain regulatory approval of our products and we may be required to perform additional clinical trials or change the labeling of our products or conduct other potentially limiting or costly risk
management activities if we or others identify side effects or safety concerns after our products are on the market.”) 

FDA
Regulation of Product Marketing and Promotion. The FDA closely reviews and regulates the marketing and promotion of products. We are required to gain FDA approval before marketing or promoting a product as a treatment for a particular
indication. Our product advertising and promotion for approved product indications must comply with the statutory standards of the FDCA, and the FDA’s implementing regulations and standards. The FDA’s review of marketing and promotional
activities encompasses, but is not limited to, direct-to-consumer advertising, healthcare provider-directed advertising and promotion, sales representative communications to healthcare professionals, promotional programming and promotional
activities involving the Internet. The FDA also reviews industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities. The FDA may take enforcement action against a company for promoting unapproved uses of a product (“off-label promotion”) or
for other violations of its advertising and labeling laws and regulations. Enforcement action may include product seizures, injunctions, civil or criminal penalties or regulatory letters, which may require corrective advertising or other corrective
communications to healthcare professionals. Failure to comply with the FDA regulations also can result in adverse publicity or increased scrutiny of company activities by Congress or other legislators. 

FDA Regulation of Manufacturing Standards. The FDA regulates and inspects equipment, facilities, laboratories and processes used in the
manufacturing and testing of products prior to providing approval to market a product. If after receiving clearance from the FDA, we make a material change in manufacturing equipment, location or process, additional regulatory review may be
required. We also must adhere to current Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”) regulations and product-specific regulations enforced by the FDA through its facilities inspection program. The FDA also conducts regular, periodic visits to
re-inspect our equipment, facilities, laboratories and processes following an initial approval. If, as a result of these inspections, the FDA determines that our equipment, facilities, laboratories or processes do not comply with applicable FDA
regulations and conditions of product approval, the FDA may seek civil, criminal or administrative sanctions and/or remedies against us, including the suspension of our manufacturing operations. 

Approval and Post-Approval Regulation Ex-US. In the EU countries, Switzerland, Canada and Australia, regulatory requirements and approval processes
are similar in principle to those in the United States. Additionally, depending on the type of drug for which approval is sought, there are currently two potential tracks for marketing approval in the EU, including a centralized procedure. The
specific requirements of each track differ depending upon the type of drug being reviewed. In the centralized procedure, a company submits a single 

34 

Table of Contents

marketing authorization application to the EMEA who conducts a thorough evaluation, drawing from its scientific resources across Europe. If the drug product
is proven to fulfill the requirements for quality, safety and efficacy, the CHMP adopts a positive opinion, which is transmitted to the European Commission for final approval of the marketing authorization. While the Commission generally follows the
CHMP’s opinion, it is not bound to do so. Although not all medicines have to undergo the centralized procedure, it is required of products derived from biotechnology. After evaluation and marketing authorization, various parties, including the
national competent authorities, the EMEA, the European Commission and the marketing authorization holders share responsibilities for the detection, assessment and prevention of adverse effects and other medicine-related problems in a process known
as pharmacovigilance. Healthcare professionals and patients are also encouraged to report adverse effects and other medicine-related problems. This process includes the collection of adverse drug reaction reports as part of the follow-up on any side
effects of a product, and upon assessment, the authorities can decide to demand that the product labels be updated with safety data or warnings, that safety data or warnings be provided to healthcare professionals, or recommend the temporary
suspension or complete withdrawal of a product from the market. 

Other. We are also subject to various federal and state laws, as
well as foreign laws, pertaining to healthcare “fraud and abuse,” including anti-kickback laws and false claims laws. Anti-kickback laws make it illegal to solicit, offer, receive or pay any remuneration in exchange for, or to induce, the
referral of business, including the purchase or prescription of a particular drug that is reimbursed by a state or federal program. The federal government has published regulations that identify “safe harbors” or exemptions for certain
arrangements that do not violate the anti-kickback statute. We seek to comply with the safe harbors wherever possible. Due to the breadth of the statutory provisions and the absence of guidance in the form of regulations or court decisions
addressing some of our practices, it is possible that our practices might be challenged under anti-kickback or similar laws. False claims laws prohibit anyone from knowingly and willingly presenting, or causing to be presented for payment to
third-party payors (including Medicare and Medicaid), claims for reimbursed drugs or services that are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services not provided as claimed or claims for medically unnecessary items or services. Our activities
relating to the sale and marketing of our products may be subject to scrutiny under these laws. Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, as well as the
possibility of exclusion from federal healthcare programs (including Medicare and Medicaid). If the government were to allege against or convict us of violating these laws, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, including our
stock price. Our activities could be subject to challenge for the reasons discussed above and due to the broad scope of these laws and the increasing attention being given to them by law enforcement authorities. 

Since 1991, we have participated in the Medicaid rebate program established in Section 1927 of the Social Security Act by the Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1990 and subsequent amendments of that law. Related to our participation in this program is a requirement that we extend comparable discounts under the Public Health Service (“PHS”) pharmaceutical pricing program.
Under the Medicaid rebate program, we pay a rebate for each unit of our product reimbursed by Medicaid. The amount of the rebate for each of our products is set by law as a minimum 15.1% of the Average Manufacturer Price (“AMP”) of that
product, or if it is greater, the difference between AMP and the best price available from us to any non-exempt customer. The rebate amount also includes an inflation adjustment if AMP increases faster than inflation. The PHS pricing program
requires that we extend discounts comparable to the Medicaid rebate to a variety of community health clinics and other entities that receive health services grants from the PHS, as well as hospitals that serve a disproportionate share of Medicare
and Medicaid beneficiaries. The rebate amount is determined for each quarter based on our reports of the quarter’s AMP and best price for each of our products to the CMS. The terms of our participation in the program impose an obligation to
correct the prices reported in previous quarters, as may be necessary. Any such corrections could result in an overage or underage in our rebate liability for past quarters, depending on the direction of the correction. In addition to retroactive
rebates, if we were found to have knowingly submitted false information to the government, in addition to other penalties available to the government, the statute provides for civil monetary penalties in the amount of $100,000 per item of false
information. Under the Medicare program our products are reimbursed under a Medicare Part B payment methodology that reimburses each product at a specified percentage of its ASP (sometimes referred to as “ASP+6%”). ASP is calculated by the
manufacturer 

35 

Table of Contents

based on a statutorily defined formula and submitted to CMS and similar civil monetary penalties apply for knowingly submitting false information. (See
“Item 1A. Risk Factors — Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, and to the extent access to and reimbursement for our products is reduced, this could negatively impact the utilization of our
products.”) 

We also make our products available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule (“FSS”) of the
General Services Administration. Since 1993, as a result of the Veterans Health Care Act of 1992 (the “VHC Act”), federal law has required that we offer deeply discounted FSS contract pricing for purchases by the Department of Veterans
Affairs, the Department of Defense, the Coast Guard and the PHS (including the Indian Health Service) in order for federal funding to be available for reimbursement of our products under the Medicaid program or purchase of our products by these four
federal agencies and certain federal grantees. FSS pricing to these four federal agencies must be equal to or less than the Federal Ceiling Price (“FCP”), which is 24% below the Non-Federal Average Manufacturer Price (“Non-FAMP”)
for the prior fiscal year. The accuracy of our reported Non-FAMPs, FCPs and our FSS contract prices may be audited by the government under applicable federal procurement laws and the terms of our FSS contract. Among the remedies available to the
government for inaccuracies in calculation of Non-FAMPs and FCPs is recoupment of any overcharges to the four specified Federal agencies based on those inaccuracies. Also, if we were found to have knowingly reported a false Non-FAMP, in addition to
other penalties available to the government, the VHC Act provides for civil monetary penalties of $100,000 per item that is incorrect. Finally, we are required to disclose in our FSS contract proposal all commercial pricing that is equal to or less
than our proposed FSS pricing, and subsequent to award of an FSS contract, we are required to monitor certain commercial price reductions and extend commensurate price reductions to the government, under the terms of the FSS contract Price
Reductions Clause. Among the remedies available to the government for any failure to properly disclose commercial pricing and/or to extend FSS contract price reductions is recoupment of any FSS overcharges that may result from such omissions.

We are also subject to regulation under the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act and other current and potential future federal, state or local laws, rules and/or regulations. Our R&D activities involve the controlled use of hazardous materials, chemicals, biological materials and various radioactive
compounds. We believe that our procedures comply with the standards prescribed by federal, state or local laws, rules and/or regulations; however, the risk of injury or accidental contamination cannot be completely eliminated. While we are not
required to do so, we strive to conduct our research and manufacturing activities in a manner that meets the intents and purposes of the National Institutes of Health Guidelines for Recombinant DNA Research. 

Additionally, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering,
promising, authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business abroad. The scope of the FCPA would include interactions with
certain healthcare professionals in many countries. Our present and future business has been and will continue to be subject to various other U.S. and foreign laws, rules and/or regulations. 

(See “Item 1A. Risk Factors — Our current products and products in development cannot be sold if we do not gain or maintain regulatory
approval of our products and we may be required to perform additional clinical trials or change the labeling of our products or conduct other potentially limiting or costly risk management activities if we or others identify side effects or safety
concerns after our products are on the market.” and “—
 Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, and to the extent that access to and reimbursement for our products is reduced, this could
negatively impact the utilization of our products.”) 

Human Resources 

As of December 31, 2008, we had approximately 16,900 staff members, which include approximately 200 part-time staff members. Of the total staff
members as of December 31, 2008, approximately 7,850 were engaged in R&D, approximately 3,050 were engaged in selling and marketing, approximately 3,600 were engaged in commercial manufacturing activities and approximately 2,400 were
engaged in other activities. There can be no 

36 

Table of Contents

assurance that we will be able to continue attracting and retaining qualified personnel in sufficient numbers to meet our needs. None of our staff members
are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and we have experienced no work stoppages. We consider our staff relations to be good. 

Trade secret protection for our unpatented confidential and proprietary information is important to us. To protect our trade secrets, we generally require our staff members, material consultants and scientific advisors to execute
confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or the consulting relationship with us. However, others could either develop independently the same or similar information or obtain access to our information. 

Executive Officers of the Registrant 

The executive officers of the Company as of January 31, 2009 are as follows: 

Mr. Kevin W.
Sharer, age 60, has served as a director of the Company since November 1992. Since May 2000, Mr. Sharer has been Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company and has also been Chairman of the Board of Directors since December 2000. From
October 1992 to May 2000, Mr. Sharer served as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. From April 1989 to October 1992, Mr. Sharer was President of the Business Markets Division of MCI Communications Corporation
(“MCI”). From February 1984 to March 1989, Mr. Sharer held numerous executive capacities at General Electric Company (“GE”). Mr. Sharer is a director of Chevron Corporation and Northrop Grumman Corporation. 

Mr. David W. Beier, age 60, became Senior Vice President, Global Government and Corporate Affairs in March 2008. He joined the Company in 2003 as
Senior Vice President, Global Government Affairs. Previously, Mr. Beier was a partner with the law firm of Hogan and Hartson in Washington, D.C. From 1998 to early 2001, Mr. Beier served as Chief Domestic Policy Advisor to the Vice
President of the United States. He also held positions as Vice President of Government Affairs and Public Policy for Genentech and staff counsel in the U.S. House of Representatives. Mr. Beier is a director of ARYx Therapeutics, Inc.

Dr. Fabrizio Bonanni, age 62, became Executive Vice President, Operations in August 2007. He has served as Senior Vice President,
Manufacturing of the Company since 2004. Dr. Bonanni joined the Company in 1999 as Senior Vice President, Quality and Compliance and in June 2001 he also became the Corporate Compliance Officer. Previously, Dr. Bonanni held various
management positions at Baxter International, Inc. from 1974 to 1999, including positions as Corporate Vice President, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs and Corporate Vice President, Quality System. 

Mr. Robert A. Bradway, age 46, became Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in April 2007. He joined the Company in 2006 as Vice
President, Operations Strategy. Previously, Mr. Bradway had an 18 year career at Morgan Stanley in New York and London where he was a managing director in investment banking. Mr. Bradway led Morgan Stanley’s healthcare practice in
Europe for several years and also ran Morgan Stanley’s European banking department. 

Mr. Thomas J. Flanagan, age 59, became
Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer in October 2006. From June 2004 to October 2006, Mr. Flanagan served as Vice President, Information Systems. From December 1995 to May 2004, Mr. Flanagan served in a variety of executive
positions including Chief Information Officer and Vice President, Global Service Delivery at MCI. 

Mr. Brian McNamee, age 52, became
Senior Vice President, Human Resources in June 2001. From November 1999 to June 2001, Mr. McNamee served as Vice President of Human Resources at Dell Computer Corp. From 1998 to 1999, Mr. McNamee served as Senior Vice President, Human
Resources for the National Broadcasting Corporation, a division of GE. From July 1988 to November 1999, Mr. McNamee held human resource positions at GE. 

Mr. George J. Morrow, age 56, became Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Marketing in January 2001 and became Executive Vice President, Global Commercial Operations in April 2003. From January
1999 to December 2000, Mr. Morrow was President and Chief Executive Officer of Glaxo Wellcome Inc. (“Glaxo”), a subsidiary of GlaxoSmithKline. From January 1997 to December 1998, Mr. Morrow was Managing 

37 

Table of Contents

Director of Glaxo Wellcome U.K., also a subsidiary of GlaxoSmithKline. From May 1993 to December 1996, Mr. Morrow was Group Vice President for
Commercial Operations of Glaxo. Mr. Morrow currently serves on the Board of Directors of Align Technology, Inc. 

Dr. Roger M.
Perlmutter, age 56, became Executive Vice President, Research and Development in January 2001. From July 1999 to December 2000, Dr. Perlmutter was Executive Vice President, Worldwide Basic Research and Preclinical Development of Merck Research
Laboratories. From February 1999 to July 1999, Dr. Perlmutter served as Executive Vice President of Merck Research Laboratories, and from February 1997 to January 1999, as Senior Vice President of Merck Research Laboratories. From May 1989 to
January 1997, Dr. Perlmutter was also Chairman of the Department of Immunology, University of Washington, and from January 1991 to January 1997, Professor in the Departments of Immunology, Biochemistry and Medicine, University of Washington.
From July 1984 to January 1997, Dr. Perlmutter served as Investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute at the University of Washington. Dr. Perlmutter currently serves on the Board of Directors of StemCells, Inc. 

Ms. Anna S. Richo, age 48, became Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer in June 2008. From December 2003 to June 2008,
Ms. Richo served as Vice President, Law. Prior to Amgen, she spent 12 years at Baxter Healthcare Corporation in roles of increasing responsibility in law, including Vice President, Law, for Baxter’s BioScience Division. Also, for more than
five years, Ms. Richo served on the Board of Directors of Cytyc Corporation and was a member of the Audit and Finance Committees. 

Mr. David J. Scott, age 56, became Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in March 2004. From May 1999 to February 2004, Mr. Scott served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Medtronic, Inc. and also
as Secretary from January 2000. From December 1997 to April 1999, Mr. Scott served as General Counsel of London-based United Distillers & Vintners. Mr. Scott also served in executive roles at Grand Metropolitan plc and RJR
Nabisco, Inc., and was an attorney in private practice. 

Geographic Area Financial Information 

For financial information concerning the geographic areas in which we operate, see Note 11, “Segment information — Geographic
information” to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Investor Information 

Financial and other information about us is available on our website (http://www.amgen.com) (This website address is not intended to function as a
hyperlink, and the information contained in our website is not intended to be a part of this filing). We make available on our website, free of charge, copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form
8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material electronically or otherwise furnishing it to the Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”). In addition, we have previously filed registration statements and other documents with the SEC. Any document we file may be inspected, without charge, at the SEC’s public reference room at 450 Fifth Street, N.W.,
Washington, D.C. 20549 or at the SEC’s internet address at http://www.sec.gov. Information related to the operation of the SEC’s public reference room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

Item 1A.

 

This report and other documents we
file with the SEC contain forward looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about us, our future performance, our business or others on our behalf, our beliefs and our management’s
assumptions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties facing our business. The risks
described below are not the only ones facing us. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events and international operations. Further,
additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business, operations, liquidity and stock price materially and adversely. 

38 

Table of Contents

Our current products and products in development cannot be sold if we do not gain or maintain
regulatory approval of our products and we may be required to perform additional clinical trials or change the labeling of our products or conduct other potentially limiting or costly risk management activities if we or others identify side effects
or safety concerns after our products are on the market. 

We and certain of our licensees and partners conduct research, preclinical
testing and clinical trials for our product candidates and marketed products for both their existing indications as well as for new and/or expanded indications. In addition, we manufacture and contract manufacture, and certain of our licensees and
partners manufacture our products and product candidates, price, sell, distribute and market or co-market our products for their approved indications. These activities are subject to extensive regulation by numerous state and federal governmental
authorities in the United States, such as the FDA and CMS, as well as in foreign countries, such as the EMEA in European countries and similar regulatory bodies in Canada and Australia. Currently, we are required in the United States and in foreign
countries to obtain approval from those countries’ regulatory authorities before we can manufacture (or have our third-party manufacturers produce), market and sell our products in those countries. The FDA and other U.S. and foreign regulatory
agencies have substantial authority to fail to approve commencement of, suspend or terminate clinical trials, require additional testing, delay or withhold registration and marketing approval, mandate product withdrawals and require changes in
labeling (including eliminating certain therapeutic indications) of our products. In 2007, the FDAAA was signed into law significantly adding to the FDA’s authority including allowing the FDA to (i) require sponsors of marketed products to
conduct post-approval clinical studies to assess a known serious risk, signals of serious risk or to identify an unexpected serious risk; (ii) mandate labeling changes to products, at any point in a product’s lifecycle, based on new safety
information and (iii) require sponsors to implement a REMS for a product which could include a medication guide, patient package insert, a communication plan to healthcare providers, or other elements as the FDA deems are necessary to assure
safe use of the drug, which could include imposing certain restrictions on distribution or use of a product. Failure to comply with the new requirements, if imposed on a sponsor by the FDA under the FDAAA, could result in significant civil monetary
penalties. Further, regulatory agencies could change existing, or promulgate new, regulations at any time which may affect our ability to obtain or maintain approval of our existing or future products or require significant additional costs to
obtain or maintain such approvals. 

In our experience, obtaining regulatory approval has been and continues to be increasingly difficult and
costly and takes many years, and, after it is obtained, is increasingly costly to maintain. With the occurrence of a number of high profile safety events relating to certain pharmaceutical products, regulatory authorities, and, in particular, the
FDA, members of Congress, the U.S. Government Accountability Office (“GAO”), Congressional committees, private health/science foundations and organizations, medical professionals, including physicians and investigators, and the general
public are increasingly concerned about potential or perceived safety issues associated with pharmaceutical and biological products, whether under study for initial approval or already marketed. For example, we have received letters from both the
House Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigation, Committee on Energy and Commerce and the United States Senate Committee on Finance with inquiries with respect to our ESA studies, promotion of our ESAs and other products, our rebates and
contracting strategies and our pharmacovigilance program, to which we have fully cooperated by submitting our responses and meeting with Congressional staff. To the extent that there is resulting legislation or changes in CMS or FDA policy or
regulatory activity as a result of Congressional concerns, such changes could have a material adverse effect on the use of our ESA products that are the subject of such changes. 

As a result of this increasing concern, potential or perceived safety signals and safety concerns, from clinical trials, use by the market or other
sources, are receiving greater scrutiny, which may lead to (i) fewer treatments being approved by the FDA or other regulatory bodies, (ii) revised labeling of an approved product or a class of products for safety reasons, potentially
including a boxed warning or additional limitations on the use of approved products in specific therapeutic areas (possibly until additional clinical trials can be designed and completed), (iii) mandated PMCs or pharmacovigilance programs for
approved products and/or (iv) requirement of risk management activities (including a REMS) related to the promotion and sale of a product. In addition, significant concerns about the safety and effectiveness of our products could ultimately
lead to the revocation of 

39 

Table of Contents

marketing approval of the products within particular therapeutic areas, or in total, which would have a material adverse effect on the use, sales and
reimbursement of the affected products and on our business and results of operations. (See “— Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, and to the extent that access to and reimbursement for our products is
reduced, this could negatively impact the utilization of our products.”) 

Certain specific labeling or label changes of our approved products or product candidates may be necessary or required for a number of reasons, including: the identification of actual or theoretical safety or efficacy concerns concerning
any of our products by regulatory agencies, the discovery of significant problems or safety signals or trends with a similar product that implicates an entire class of products, subsequent concerns about the sufficiency of the data or studies
underlying the label or changes to the underlying safety/efficacy analysis related to results from clinical trials or meta-analysis of clinical trials or clinical data performed by us or others. Label changes may also be required as a result of new
legislation. Under new FDA legislation implemented in 2006, the Physician’s Labeling Rule (“PLR”) requires changes to the existing format of U.S. product package inserts for human prescription drug and biological products with the
intent of making product information more easily accessible. The PLR requires revised standards of content and format of labeling and provides timelines for when new and previously approved products must comply with the new regulations. In addition,
before or after any of our products are approved for commercial use, regulatory bodies could decide that the product labels need to include certain warning language as part of an evolving label change to a particular class of products. For example,
in March and November 2007, and in March and August 2008, the U.S. labels for the class of ESA products, including Aranesp®
 and EPOGEN
®

, were updated to include revised boxed warnings, restrictions on the use of ESAs in specific therapeutic areas and other safety-related product labeling changes. (See “—
 Recent labeling changes or risk management activities
required by regulatory authorities, as well as the results or meta-analyses of clinical trials, may adversely impact the use, sales and reimbursement of our ESAs.”) On March 17, 2008, we and Wyeth announced updates to the FDA-approved
labeling for ENBREL in which the U.S. PI now contains a boxed warning relating to the risk of infections, including tuberculosis. This information in the boxed warning includes additional language regarding screening and monitoring patients for
tuberculosis, including patients who tested negative for latent tuberculosis infection. Further, on September 4, 2008, the FDA issued a web-alert regarding their review of histoplasmosis and other opportunistic fungal infections in patients
treated with TNF-blockers. The FDA requested that the boxed warning and WARNINGS sections of the U.S. PI and the medication guide for ENBREL (and other TNF-blockers) be strengthened to include the risk of unrecognized histoplasmosis and other
invasive fungal infections with the goal of increasing timely diagnosis and treatment. The FDA also requested that the approved REMS for ENBREL be modified with a communication plan to healthcare providers regarding the risk of unrecognized fungal
infections. In December 2008, we agreed with the FDA on the required revisions to the U.S. PI, and we continue to work with the FDA to finalize the requested updates to the ENBREL REMS. 

Additionally, on June 4, 2008, the FDA issued an Early Communication regarding the ongoing safety review of TNF-blockers and the possible association
between the use of these medicines and the development of lymphoma and other cancers in children and young adults and stated that it had decided to conduct further analyses to evaluate the risk and benefits of TNF-blockers in pediatric patients. On
June 18, 2008, we participated in a meeting of the DODAC to review data supporting the supplemental BLA submitted by us for the use of ENBREL in treating pediatric patients with chronic moderate to severe plaque psoriasis, who are inadequately
controlled with topical therapy or who have received systemic therapy or phototherapy and the DODAC recommended, with an 8-5 vote, to approve ENBREL in the treatment of chronic moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in children. On July 24, 2008,
we received notification from the FDA through a complete response letter that the FDA would like additional information from us regarding the use of ENBREL in pediatric patients with chronic moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. We cannot predict
what the result of the FDA’s analysis of TNF-blockers and the development of lymphoma or other cancers in children and young adults may be, nor can we speculate on the effect of that analysis on the supplemental BLA. However, further revisions
to the ENBREL label or other actions by the FDA, including additional advisory committee meetings, could have a material adverse impact on the use and sales of ENBREL which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations. 

40 

Table of Contents

A revision of product labeling or the regulatory
actions described above could be required even if there is no clearly established connection between the product and the safety or efficacy concerns that have been raised or if the product is not indicated for a particular use. For example, in
October 2007 we announced that we and the FDA adopted changes to the U.S. labeling for Vectibix®
 based on the results of the Panitumumab Advanced Colorectal Cancer Evaluation
(“PACCE”) trial highlighting to clinicians the greater risk seen when Vectibix
®
 is combined with Avastin
®
 and the
specific chemotherapy used in the PACCE trial to treat patients with first-line mCRC. Vectibix
®
 is not indicated for the first-line treatment of mCRC and the additional safety information
applies to an unapproved use of Vectibix
®
. 

If we or others identify safety concerns before approval of the product or after a product is on the market, the regulatory agencies such as the FDA or EMEA may impose risk management activities upon us (including a
REMS) which may require substantial costs and resources to negotiate, develop and implement, including sales force time to educate physicians on REMS requirements and compliance, and/or may require additional or more extensive clinical trials as
part of a pharmacovigilance program of our product or for approval of a new indication. Further, risk management activities, including a REMS, required by regulatory agencies such as the FDA could also modify, restrict or otherwise impact the
ability of healthcare providers to prescribe, dispense or use our products, limit patient access to our products or affect our ability to compete against products that do not have a REMS, any of which could have a negative effect on our ability to
launch our affected products and could have a material adverse effect on sales of the affected products and on our business and results of operations. For example, as part of the approval for Nplate®
, a REMS was developed with the FDA to assure the safe use of Nplate
®
 while minimizing risk. The Nplate
®

 REMS involves, among other things, healthcare provider and patient enrollment registries, tracking of patient medical history and data and follow-up safety questionnaires to healthcare providers, all of which require extensive discussion
with and education of healthcare providers which has limited our ability to promote Nplate
®
. Further, as part of the update to the boxed warning and warnings sections of the U.S. PI and the
medication guide for ENBREL, the FDA stated that it would require us and the other makers of TNF-blockers to educate healthcare providers about the risk of unrecognized histoplasmosis. Our efforts to comply with the requirements of our existing REMS
and any additional REMS or other risk management activities required of us in the future could restrict or otherwise impact our existing promotional activities for our other products as well. In addition, we have ongoing PMC studies for all of our
marketed products. These clinical trials must be conducted by us to maintain regulatory approval and marketing authorization. For example, we have agreed with the FDA to a robust pharmacovigilance program to continue to study the safety surrounding
the use of ESAs in the oncology setting. (See “— 
Recent labeling changes or risk management activities required by regulatory authorities, as well as the results or meta-analyses of clinical trials, may adversely impact the use, sales
and reimbursement of our ESAs.”) Additionally, the original approvals of Vectibix
®
 in both the United States and EU were conditioned on us conducting additional clinical trials of
the use of Vectibix
®
 as a therapy in treating mCRC. Our conditional approval of Vectibix
®
 in the EU is reviewed annually by the
CHMP, and in December 2008 we agreed as a condition of the renewal of the conditional approval to conduct an additional clinical trial in the existing approved indication. If results from clinical trials as part of a PMC or pharmacovigilance program
are negative, it could result in the revocation of the marketing or conditional marketing approvals or revised labeling of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on sales of the affected products and on our business and results of
operations. 

Substantially all of our marketed products are currently approved in the
United States and most are approved in Europe and in other foreign countries for specific uses. However, later discovery of unknown problems with our products could result in the regulatory activities described above or even the potential withdrawal
of the product in certain therapeutic areas or certain product presentations, or completely, from the market. If new medical data suggest an unacceptable safety risk or previously unidentified side-effects, we may voluntarily withdraw, or regulatory
authorities may mandate we withdraw, such product in certain therapeutic areas, or completely recall a product presentation from the market for some period or permanently. For example in 2006, we initiated a voluntary recall of the Neulasta®
 SureClick™ pre-filled pen in Europe because of the potential risk to patients of receiving an incomplete dose and we conducted a voluntary wholesaler recall of a limited number of lots of
ENBREL as a result of a small number of reports of missing, detached or loose rubber caps on the needleless syringe filled with diluent liquid by a third-party contract manufacturer and packaged with the vials of 

41 

Table of Contents

ENBREL. In addition in August 2008, we voluntary recalled two manufacturing lots of EPOGEN®
 and
our licensee, Ortho Biotech, voluntarily recalled one manufacturing lot of PROCRIT
®
 (Epoetin alfa) that was manufactured in our manufacturing facilities after having identified cracks in
the necks of a small number of vials upon post-manufacturing inspection. Although there have been no observable adverse event trends associated with the Neulasta
®
 SureClick™ pre-filled
pen, with the reports of missing, detached or loose rubber caps on the needleless syringe packaged with the ENBREL vials or with the cracks in the neck of vials of Epoetin alfa, we may experience the same or other problems in the future resulting in
broader product recalls or adverse event trends. Additionally, if other parties (including our licensees, such as J&J and Wyeth, or independent investigators) report or fail to effectively report to regulatory agencies side effects or other
safety concerns that occur from their use of our products in clinical trials or studies or from marketed use, regulatory approval may be withdrawn for a product for the therapeutic area in question, or completely, or other risk management activities
may be required by regulators. 

If regulatory authorities determine that we or our licensees or partners conducting R&D activities on
our behalf have not complied with regulations in the R&D of a product candidate, new indication for an existing product or information to support a current indication, then they may not approve the product candidate or new indication or maintain
approval of the current indication in its current form or at all, and we will not be able to market and sell it. If we were unable to market and sell our products or product candidates, our business and results of operations would be materially and
adversely affected. Additionally, safety signals, trends, adverse events or results from clinical trials or studies performed by us or by others (including our licensees or independent investigators) from the marketed use of our drugs that result in
revised safety-related labeling or restrictions on the use of our approved products could negatively impact healthcare provider prescribing behavior, use of our products, regulatory or private health organization medical guidelines and reimbursement
for our products all of which would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. (See “— 
Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, and to the extent that access to
and reimbursement for our products is reduced, this could negatively impact the utilization of our products.” and “— 
Guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of our
products.”) 

Recent labeling changes or risk management activities required by regulatory authorities, as well as the results
or meta-analyses of clinical trials, may adversely impact the use, sales and reimbursement of our ESAs. 

On March 9, 2007, based upon data from our AoC 103 Study, J&J’s Correction of Hemoglobin and Outcomes in Renal Insufficiency (“CHOIR”) study, and preliminary data from the third-party
investigator DAHANCA 10 Study, among others, the FDA approved updated safety information, including a boxed warning, in the labeling for the class of ESAs, including Aranesp®
 and
EPOGEN
®
. On May 10, 2007, the ODAC held a panel meeting to discuss the safety/efficacy profile of ESA use in oncology. Responding to questions posed by the FDA, the ODAC recommended
that more restrictions be added to ESA labeling and that additional clinical trials be conducted by companies with currently approved ESAs, including us, although no specific restrictions or studies were recommended at the ODAC meeting. The
committee is advisory and FDA officials are not bound to or limited by its recommendations, although the FDA has commonly followed the recommendations of its advisory panels. The FDA also held a joint meeting of the CRDAC and the DSaRMAC on
September 11, 2007, which evaluated the safety data on ESA use in renal disease. On November 8, 2007, in recognition of the input from the May 2007 ODAC and September 2007 joint CRDAC/DSaRMAC meetings, we announced additional updates to
the Aranesp
®
 and EPOGEN
®
/PROCRIT
®
 labeling which reflected ongoing
interactions with the FDA regarding the safety and benefit/risk profile of ESAs and included modifications to the boxed warnings of the ESA labeling. Additionally, based on safety data from the Preoperative Epirubicin Paclitaxel Aranesp
®
 (“PREPARE”) interim study results in neo-adjuvant breast cancer and the data from the Gynecologic Oncology Group 191 (“GOG-191”) study in cervical cancer, on March 7,
2008, we announced that the FDA approved updated safety information, including the boxed warning in the labeling information for the class of ESAs, including Aranesp
®
 and EPOGEN
®
. On March 13, 2008, the FDA held a follow-up ODAC panel meeting to discuss cumulative data, including recent study results, on the risks of ESAs when used in the oncology setting.

42 

Table of Contents

On July 30, 2008, we received a complete
response letter from the FDA to the revisions to the ESA labeling we proposed following the March 13, 2008 ODAC meeting. The letter included, among other things, (i) the addition to the boxed warning of a statement that ESAs are not
indicated for patients receiving myelosuppressive therapy when the anticipated outcome of such therapy is cure, (ii) the addition of a statement in the DOSAGE and ADMINISTRATION section of the label that ESA therapy should not be initiated at
Hb levels ³ 10 g/dL and that dose should be adjusted to maintain the lowest Hb level sufficient to avoid red blood cell transfusions and (iii) the removal of reference to the upper safety limit of 12 g/dL. We
revised the ESA labeling on August 6, 2008, as the FDA directed, and have experienced a reduction in our ESA sales, in particular Aranesp
®
 sales in the U.S. supportive cancer care
setting, since that time. Although we cannot predict what further impact the revised ESA labels may have on our business, the revised ESA labeling or any future labeling changes, including any required in connection with our ongoing discussions with
the FDA regarding the conversion of the format of our ESA U.S. labels in accordance with the PLR, could have a material adverse impact on the reimbursement, use and sales of our ESA products, which would have a material adverse effect on our
business and results of operations. 

Additionally, we continue to work closely with
the FDA to develop a REMS program for the class of ESA products under authority prescribed by the FDAAA. We have submitted a proposed REMS in response to the FDA’s requests, although we cannot predict what risk management activities the FDA may
require of us, and the components of the REMS could be different for the use of ESAs in the oncology and nephrology indications. A REMS program for our ESA products could have a material adverse impact on the reimbursement, use and sales of our ESA
products, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. (See “— Our current products and products in development cannot be sold if we do not gain or maintain regulatory approval of our products
and we may be required to perform additional clinical trials or change the labeling of our products or conduct other potentially limiting or costly risk management activities if we or others identify side effects or safety concerns after our
products are on the market” and “— 
Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, and to the extent that access to and reimbursement for our products is reduced, this could negatively impact the
utilization of our products.”) We also continue to work with the FDA to finalize a new protocol for a clinical trial to determine the effects of ESAs on survival and tumor outcomes in anemic patients with metastatic cancer receiving
concomitant myelosuppressive chemotherapy. We have submitted an Aranesp
®
 study protocol to the FDA and plan to initiate the study in 2009. The addition of these clinical trials to our
pharmacovigilance program and any additional clinical trials required by the FDA could result in substantial additional expense, and their outcomes could result in additional label restrictions or the loss of regulatory approval for an approved
indication, each of which may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Additionally, any negative results from such trials could materially affect the extent of approvals, the use, reimbursement and sales of our ESA
products. (See “— 
Before we commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications, we must conduct clinical trials in humans; if we fail to adequately manage these trials we may not be able to
sell future products and our sales could be adversely affected.”) 

Further
on March 5, 2008, we announced that the European Commission reached its decision to amend the product labeling for the class of ESAs, including Aranesp®
, based on the positive opinion from
the CHMP in January 2008, which was consistent with the EMEA’s October 23, 2007 press release stipulating a uniform target Hb range for all ESAs of 10 g/dL to 12 g/dL with guidance to avoid sustained Hb levels above 12 g/dL. Following the March
13, 2008 ODAC, we have continued to share additional ESA safety data with the EMEA as it has become available. On May 15, 2008, we and other ESA marketing authorization holders participated in a closed meeting of the SAG-O. The marketing
authorization holders were asked to provide an overview on studies that have been initiated or conducted since July 2007, as well as any other new data that can help to elucidate recent issues on the impact of ESAs on tumor progression and survival
in cancer patients. These data included previously disclosed interim results from the PREPARE study in neo-adjuvant breast cancer therapy; follow-up data from the GOG-191 study in cervical cancer, which were published in the February 2008 issue of
Gynecologic Oncology; and the February 2008 meta-analysis by Bennett et al, which was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association. Scientific Advisory Groups (“SAGs”) are established by the EMEA to deliver answers, on a
consultative basis, to specific questions addressed to them by the CHMP. On June 26, 2008 the 

43 

Table of Contents

EMEA, based upon the CHMP’s opinion which took into account the position expressed by the SAG-O, recommended updating the product information for ESAs
with a new warning for their use in cancer patients. In July 2008, the EMEA requested that further clarity around the product information be provided by regulatory agencies in each European Member State country through the publication of a Dear
Healthcare Professional Communication, following which we followed the necessary regulatory procedure to update the Aranesp®
 product information. In October 2008, we received
notification that the Aranesp
®
 product information update was approved by the European Commission. The product information for all ESAs was updated to advise that in some clinical
situations blood transfusions should be the preferred treatment for the management of anemia in patients with cancer and that the decision to administer ESAs should be based on a benefit-risk assessment with the participation of the individual
patient, which should take into account the specific clinical context and that factors that should be considered in the assessment should include the type of tumor and its stage, the degree of anemia, life-expectancy, the environment in which the
patient is being treated and patient preference. Although we cannot predict what impact the final EU ESA product information will have on our business, the reimbursement, use and sales of Aranesp
®

 in Europe could be materially adversely affected, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Further, we continue to receive results from meta-analyses or previously initiated clinical trials
using ESAs. For example, on September 30, 2008, we announced that we had received a summary of preliminary results from the Cochrane Collaboration’s independent meta-analysis of patient-level data from previously conducted, randomized,
controlled, clinical studies evaluating ESAs in cancer patients which we submitted to the FDA and the EMEA. These results were also presented by the Cochrane Haematological Malignancies Group in December at the 2008 ASH Congress. This Cochrane
meta-analysis of patient level data from previous studies corroborates prior analyses indicating that the use of ESAs may increase the risk of death in cancer patients. The studies in the analysis all predate the current label, which advises using
the least amount of ESA necessary to avoid transfusion. The analyses on all cancer patients were based on 53 previously conducted studies involving 13,933 patients. None of these studies utilized ESAs according to current label guidance. The overall
survival results corroborate an earlier review by the Cochrane Collaboration, published in 2006, which is included in the WARNINGS section of the current U.S. PI (HR: 1.08 [95% CI 0.99-1.18]). The ESA treatment arm had increased on-study deaths (HR:
1.17 [95% CI 1.06-1.30]) and decreased overall survival (HR: 1.06 [95% CI 1.00-1.12]) compared to controls. The analyses on patients undergoing chemotherapy, the cancer indication for which ESAs are approved, were based on 38 studies with 10,441
patients. None of these studies utilized ESAs according to current label guidance. The ESA treatment arm had increased on-study deaths (HR: 1.10 [95% CI 0.98-1.24]) and decreased overall survival (HR: 1.04 [95% CI 0.97-1.11]) compared to controls.
While neither of these results is statistically significant, they do not exclude the potential for adverse outcomes when ESAs are prescribed according to the current label. The final report on these endpoints is expected in 2009. Additionally, our
TREAT study, a large 4,000 patient multi-center, randomized, double-blind, controlled phase 3 trial designed to determine the impact of anemia therapy with Aranesp®
 on mortality and
non-fatal cardiovascular events in patients with CKD, anemia and type 2 diabetes, continues to progress. Although we cannot predict the results of meta-analyses or the outcomes of ongoing clinical trials, or the extent to which regulatory
authorities may require additional labeling changes as a result of these or other trials, we cannot exclude the possibility that adverse results could have a material adverse impact on the reimbursement, use and sales of our ESAs which would have a
material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Before we commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or
existing products for new indications, we must conduct clinical trials in humans; if we fail to adequately manage these trials we may not be able to sell future products and our sales could be adversely affected. 

Before we can sell any products, we must conduct clinical trials which demonstrate that our product candidates are safe and effective for use in humans
for the indications sought or our existing products are safe and effective for use in humans in new indications sought. Additionally, we may be required to conduct additional trials as a condition of the approval of our label or as a result of
perceived or existing safety concerns. The results of these clinical trials are used as the basis to obtain regulatory approval from regulatory authorities such as the FDA. Clinical trials are experiments conducted using our products or product
candidates in human patients hav-

44 

Table of Contents

ing the diseases or medical conditions we are trying to address. Conducting clinical trials is a complex, time-consuming and expensive process. We are
required to conduct clinical trials using an appropriate number of trial sites and patients to support the product label claims we are seeking or to support our existing label. The length of time, number of trial sites and patients required for
clinical trials vary substantially according to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use of the product candidate or the extent of the safety concerns, post-marketing issues and/or exposure to patients and therefore, we may spend several years
and incur substantial expense in completing certain trials. Our ability to complete our clinical trials in a timely fashion depends in large part on a number of key factors including protocol design, regulatory and institutional review board
approval, availability of clinical study material and the rate of patient enrollment in clinical trials. Patient enrollment is a function of several factors, including the size and location of the patient population, enrollment criteria and
competition with other clinical trials for eligible patients. As such, there may be limited availability of patients who meet the criteria for certain clinical trials. Delays in planned clinical trials can result in increased development costs,
delays in regulatory approvals, associated delays in product candidates reaching the market and revisions to existing product labels. In addition, in order to increase the number of patients available for enrollment for our clinical trials, we have
and will continue to open clinical sites and enroll patients in a number of new geographic locations where our experience conducting clinical trials is more limited, including Russia, India, East Asia and some Central and South American countries
either through utilization of third-party contract clinical trial providers entirely or in combination with local staff. Conducting clinical trials in locations where we have limited experience requires substantial time and resources to identify and
understand the unique regulatory environments of individual countries. If we fail to adequately manage the design, execution and regulatory aspects of our large, complex and regulatory diverse clinical trials, our clinical trials and corresponding
regulatory approvals may be delayed or we may fail to gain approval for our product candidates altogether or could lose our ability to market existing products in certain therapeutic areas or altogether. If we are unable to market and sell our
product candidates or are unable to obtain approvals in the timeframe needed to execute our product strategies, our business and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. Additional information on our clinical trials can be found
on our website at (http://www.amgen.com). (This website address is not intended to function as a hyperlink, and the information contained on our website is not intended to be a part of this filing.) 

Patients may also suffer adverse medical events or side effects in the course of our, our licensees, partners or independent investigator’s clinical
trials of our products or product candidates that may delay the clinical program, require additional or longer trials to gain approval, prohibit regulatory approval of our product candidates or additional indications for our currently approved
products, or may render the product candidate commercially unfeasible or limit our ability to market existing products in certain therapeutic areas or at all. For example, as a result of observing an increased frequency of cholecystitis
(inflammation of the gall bladder) in patients treated with our late-stage product candidate motesanib, we delayed our phase 3 trial in first-line NSCLC, which was previously expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 2006, until the second half of
2007. Clinical trials must be designed based on the current standard of medical care. However in certain diseases, such as cancer, the standard of care is evolving rapidly. In these diseases, the duration of time needed to complete certain clinical
trials may result in the design of such clinical trials being based on an out of date standard of medical care, limiting the utility and application of such trials. Of course, even if we successfully manage our clinical trials, we may not obtain
favorable clinical trial results and may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for new product candidates, product label extensions or maintenance of our current labels on this basis. Further, clinical trials conducted by others, including our
licensees, partners or independent investigators, may result in unfavorable clinical trials results that may call into question the safety of our products in off-label or on label uses that may result in label restrictions and/or additional trials.

In connection with our efforts to improve our cost structure, we refocused our spending on critical R&D and operational priorities and
sought greater efficiencies in how we conduct our business, including optimizing ongoing clinical trials and trial initiation. To the extent future sales are negatively affected as a result of additional regulatory and reimbursement developments or
other challenges, we may be required to further adjust our R&D investment plans. Such actions could result in delays in obtaining approval or reductions in the number of indications and market potential of our product candidates. 

45 

Table of Contents

Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, and to the extent that access
to and reimbursement for our products is reduced, this could negatively impact the utilization of our products. 

Sales of all of our
principal products are dependent, in part, on the availability and extent of reimbursement from third-party payors, including governments and private insurance plans. Generally, in Europe and other countries outside the United States, the
government-sponsored healthcare system is the primary payor of healthcare costs of patients. Governments may regulate access to, prices or reimbursement levels of our products to control costs or to affect levels of use of our products. Worldwide
use of our products may be affected by these cost containment pressures and cost shifting from governments and private insurers to healthcare providers or patients in response to ongoing initiatives to reduce or reallocate healthcare expenditures.
It is possible that applicable statutes, such as the MMA, could be modified or new legislation or regulation introduced in 2009 and later that could include a focus on reducing drug costs and change coverage and reimbursement methodologies for
government healthcare programs that could have a significant impact on our business. Although we cannot predict when legislation or regulation affecting reimbursement from third-party payors may be proposed or enacted in the future or the specific
effect any such legislation or regulation would have on our business, any such legislation or regulations changing and/or reducing the coverage and reimbursement of our products or the way our products are used or prescribed may cause our sales to
decrease and our revenues to decline. 

Further, adverse events or results from clinical trials or studies performed by us or by others or
from the marketed use of our drugs may expand the safety information in the labeling for our approved products and may negatively impact worldwide reimbursement for our products. For example, on January 14, 2008, CMS issued changes to its
Medicare National Coverage Determinations Manual that resulted in the reduced use of ESAs in clinical practice. A more detailed discussion of the Decision Memorandum follows below. (See also “— Our current products and products in
development cannot be sold if we do not gain or maintain regulatory approval of our products and we may be required to perform additional clinical trials or change the labeling of our products or conduct other potentially limiting or costly risk
management activities if we or others identify side effects or safety concerns after our products are on the market.” and “— 
Guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of our
products.”) 

An increasing focus on cost containment by public and private
insurers has resulted, and could result in the future, in lower reimbursement rates for our products. Most patients receiving Aranesp®
, Neulasta
®
 and NEUPOGEN
®
 for approved indications are covered by government and/or private payor healthcare programs. Medicare and Medicaid government healthcare
programs’ payment policies for drugs and biologicals are subject to various laws and regulations. Effective January 1, 2009 in the hospital outpatient setting, our products are reimbursed under a Medicare Part B payment methodology that
reimburses each product at 104% of its ASP (sometimes referred to as “ASP+4%”). The rate of reimbursement in the hospital outpatient setting has been reduced twice since its inception (with reimbursement rates set at ASP+5% for 2008 and
ASP+6% from 2005 to 2007). Effective January 1, 2009, in the physician office setting, Aranesp
®
, Neulasta
®
 and NEUPOGEN
®
 are reimbursed under a Medicare Part B payment methodology that reimburses each product at ASP+6%. CMS has the regulatory authority to alter or maintain the Medicare payment rates for Part B
drugs and biologicals in the future for the hospital outpatient setting. A product’s ASP is calculated and reported to CMS on a quarterly basis and may change each quarter. The ASP in effect for a given quarter (the “Current Period”)
is based upon certain historical sales and sales incentive data covering a statutorily defined period of time preceding the Current Period. For example, the ASP based payment rate for Aranesp
®

 that will be in effect for the second quarter of 2009 will be based in part on certain historical sales and sales incentive data for Aranesp
®
 from January 1, 2008 through
December 31, 2008. 

In the dialysis setting, our products may also be subject to
downward pressure on reimbursement rates. In the United States, dialysis providers are primarily reimbursed for EPOGEN®
 by the federal government through the ESRD Program of Medicare. The
ESRD Program reimburses approved providers for 80% of allowed dialysis costs; the remainder is paid by other sources, including patients, state Medicaid programs, private insurance, and to a lesser extent, state kidney patient programs. The ESRD
Program reimbursement methodology is established by federal law and is monitored and implemented by CMS. Currently, the payment mechanism for separately reimbursed dialysis drugs in both free-standing and hospital-based dialysis centers, including
EPOGEN
®
 and 

46 

Table of Contents

Aranesp®
, is reimbursed by Medicare at ASP+6%. Although we cannot predict the payment levels of
EPOGEN
®
 in future quarters or the extent to which Medicare payments for dialysis drugs may be modified by future federal regulation or legislation, a decrease in the reimbursement rate for
EPOGEN
®
 may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Any changes to the ASP calculations directly affect the Medicare reimbursement for our products
administered in the physician clinic setting, dialysis facility and hospital outpatient setting. These calculations are regularly reviewed for completeness and based on such review, and we have revised our reported ASPs to reflect calculation
changes both prospectively and retroactively. For example, partially as a result of our methodology changes, our ASP reimbursement rate for EPOGEN
®
 was reduced for the third quarter of
2007. 

Since April 1, 2006, the Medicare reimbursement for ESAs administered to
dialysis patients has been subject to a revised EMP, the Medicare payment review mechanism used by CMS to monitor EPOGEN®
 and Aranesp
®

 utilization and appropriate hematocrit outcomes of dialysis patients. The EMP was revised, effective January 1, 2008, requiring a 50% reduction in Medicare reimbursement if a patient’s Hb is above 13 g/dL for three or more
consecutive months. In addition, the revised EMP reduces the monthly dosing limits to 400,000 IUs of EPOGEN
®
, from 500,000 IUs, and to 1,200 mcgs of Aranesp
®
, from 1,500 mcgs. The implementation of the revised EMP and ESA labeling changes led to a decline in EPOGEN
®
 sales for the first quarter of 2008 compared to
the first quarter of 2007 primarily due to a decline in both overall utilization and as well as average dosing per patient. While this dose decline subsequently stabilized in 2008, it may further fluctuate in the future, which could have a material
adverse effect on sales of EPOGEN
®
 and our business and results of operations. 

On July 15, 2008, the MIPPA became law with a number of Medicare and Medicaid reforms
including a broader payment bundle for dialysis services and drugs which will require CMS, beginning in 2011, to establish a bundled Medicare payment rate that includes dialysis services and drug/labs that are currently separately billed. The new
bundled rate will include dialysis services covered under the current composite rate, as well as all injectable drugs commonly provided during dialysis treatment, and currently billed separately, including ESAs, IV iron, and IV vitamin D, as well as
“oral equivalent” forms of these IV drugs. The bundled reimbursement rate will be phased in over a four year period in equal increments starting in 2011. It is possible that some providers could elect to move to a full Medicare bundled
payment in 2011. CMS will also be required to establish a quality incentive program that begins concurrently with bundling in 2011 and which subjects facilities to up to a 2% annual reduction in Medicare reimbursement for failure to meet or exceed
CMS quality performance standards, including performance standards related to anemia management and dialysis adequacy. Bundling initiatives that have been implemented in other healthcare settings have occasionally resulted in lower utilization of
services that had not previously been a part of the bundled payment. We are in the process of evaluating the potential impact of the new Medicare legislation on our business and at this time cannot predict the impact a bundled payment system for
outpatient dialysis might have on sales of EPOGEN®
 or Aranesp
®
. 

We face risks relating to the calculation of ASP. ASP is calculated by the manufacturer based on a statutorily defined formula and submitted to CMS.
MedPAC has recommended that ASP reporting requirements be clarified “to ensure that ASP calculations allocate discounts to reflect the transaction price for each drug.” Under the current ASP system, we allocate our discounts based on the
prices paid for individual drugs, according to the terms of our contracts with physicians and other purchasers, and we believe that the resulting ASPs reflect the transaction prices for individual drugs. Moreover, in the Medicare Physician Fee
Schedule Final Rule for 2008, the agency clarified that in the absence of specific guidance, manufacturers may continue to make “reasonable assumptions” in the calculation of ASP, consistent with the general requirements and the intent of
the Medicare statute and regulations and their customary business practices. The agency stated that it will continue to monitor this issue and may provide more specific guidance in the future. 

Other initiatives reviewing the coverage or reimbursement of our products, including those related to safety, could result in less extensive coverage or
lower reimbursement and could negatively affect sales of some of our marketed products. For example, on March 14, 2007, shortly after the March 9, 2007 FDA labeling changes for all ESAs, CMS announced that the agency had begun reviewing
all Medicare policies related to the administration of ESAs in non-renal disease applications as part of a NCA which is generally CMS’ first step toward developing a NCD. Generally, an NCD is a national policy statement granting, limiting or
excluding Medicare 

47 

Table of Contents

coverage or reimbursement for a specific medical item or service. On May 14, 2007, CMS issued a proposed NCD that was open for public comment through
June 13, 2007. On July 30, 2007, CMS issued its Decision Memorandum which was substantially altered from the proposed NCD. On January 14, 2008, CMS issued changes to its Medicare NCD Manual, adding the ESA Decision Memorandum,
effective for claims with dates of service on and after July 30, 2007 with an implementation date of April 7, 2008. In the Decision Memorandum, CMS determined that ESA treatment was not reasonable and necessary for certain clinical
conditions, and established Medicare coverage parameters for FDA-approved ESA use in oncology. 

We believe this restriction on reimbursement of ESAs in the Decision Memorandum has had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on the use, reimbursement and sales of Aranesp®
, and our business and results of operations. Additionally, to our knowledge, although no private payors have fully implemented the Decision Memorandum to date, many private payors have implemented the portions of the
restrictions included in the Decision Memorandum that most commonly reflect the prescriber package insert. Further, we believe many healthcare providers have reduced ESA utilization for all of their patients regardless of insurance coverage. While
we cannot fully predict the further impact of the Decision Memorandum on how, or under what circumstances, healthcare providers will prescribe or administer our ESAs, it had a significant impact to our business in 2007 and 2008 and we believe that
it may continue to impact us in the future. 

In addition, the FDA held a joint
meeting of the CRDAC and the DSaRMAC on September 11, 2007 to evaluate safety data on ESA use in renal disease. On July 31, 2008, CMS issued a listing of potential topics for future NCDs as a step to increase transparency in the NCD
process, which included as potential topics the use of ESAs in ESRD and CKD. Also included in the initial potential future NCD topic list is the category of thrombopoiesis stimulating agents (platelet growth factors), the category of drugs that
includes Nplate®
. CMS has not announced whether it will proceed to a NCD for ESAs in ESRD or CKD, or for thrombopoiesis stimulating agents, and we cannot predict whether either ESAs in the
renal setting or thrombopoiesis stimulating agents will be the subject of a future NCD; however, any final NCD for ESAs in the renal setting, which may include non-coverage and/or new dosing and treatment restrictions similar to those proposed in
Decision Memorandum for treatment of anemia in oncology with ESAs, would negatively affect use, reduce reimbursement and coverage, negatively affect product sales of our ESA products and may have a material adverse effect on our business and results
of operations. 

If, and when, reimbursement rates or availability for our marketed
products changes adversely or if we fail to obtain adequate reimbursement for our current or future products, healthcare providers may limit how much or under what circumstances they will prescribe or administer them, which could reduce the use of
our products or cause us to reduce the price of our products. This could result in lower product sales, which could have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations. For example, the use of EPOGEN®
 in the United States in connection with treatment for ESRD is funded primarily by the U.S. federal government. In early 1997, CMS, formerly known as Healthcare Financing Administration (“HCFA”), instituted
a reimbursement change for EPOGEN
®
, which materially and adversely affected our EPOGEN
®
 sales until the policies were revised. In
addition, following the update to the ESA labeling and associated revisions in compendia, nearly all Medicare contractors dropped reimbursement for Aranesp
®
 for anemia of cancer. (See
“— 
Guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of our products.”) Also, we believe the increasing emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in the United States, Europe and other
countries has and will continue to put pressure on the price and usage of our products, which may adversely impact product sales. In addition, we believe the new U.S. presidential administration, together with Congress, will shape U.S. healthcare
policy in the coming months and years, and we expect that healthcare reform efforts could include long-term changes to coverage and reimbursement that may have a significant impact on our business. Further, when a new therapeutic product is
approved, the governmental and/or private coverage and reimbursement for that product is uncertain and a failure to demonstrate clear clinical and/or comparative value associated with the use of a new therapeutic product as compared to existing
therapeutic products or practices may result in inadequate or no reimbursement. We cannot predict the availability or amount of reimbursement for our approved products or product candidates, including those at a late stage of development, and
current reimbursement policies for marketed products may change at any time. Sales of all our products are and will be affected by government and 

48 

Table of Contents

private payor reimbursement policies. Reduction in reimbursement for our products could have a material adverse effect on our product sales and results of
operations. 

If our intellectual property positions are challenged, invalidated, circumvented or expire, or if we fail to prevail in
present and future intellectual property litigation, our business could be adversely affected. 

The patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can be highly uncertain and often involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. To date, there has emerged no consistent policy regarding
breadth of claims allowed in such companies’ patents. Third parties may challenge, invalidate or circumvent our patents and patent applications relating to our products, product candidates and technologies. In addition, our patent positions
might not protect us against competitors with similar products or technologies because competing products or technologies may not infringe our patents. For certain of our product candidates, there are third parties who have patents or pending patent
applications that they may claim prevent us from commercializing these product candidates in certain territories. Patent disputes are frequent, costly and can preclude or delay commercialization of products. We are currently, and in the future may
be, involved in patent litigation. However, a patent dispute or litigation may not discourage a potential violator from bringing the product that is alleged to infringe to market and we may be subject to competition during certain periods of
litigation. Further, under the Hatch-Waxman Act, products approved by the FDA under a NDA may be the subject of patent litigation with generic competitors before the five year period of data exclusivity provided for under the Hatch-Waxman Act has
expired and prior to the expiration of the patents listed for the product. For example, on July 25, 2008, we, NPS Pharmaceuticals and Brigham and Women’s Hospital, filed a lawsuit against Teva and Barr for infringement of four
Sensipar®
 patents. The lawsuit is based on ANDAs filed by Teva and Barr which seek approval to market generic versions of Sensipar
®
 before expiration of the patents. This lawsuit is described in Note 10, “
Contingencies” to the Consolidated Financial Statements. If we lose or settle current or future litigations at certain stages
or entirely, we could be subject to competition and/or significant liabilities; required to enter into third-party licenses for the infringed product or technology or required to cease using the technology or product in dispute. In addition, we
cannot guarantee that such licenses will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and defend patent rights and other intellectual property rights that are important to the commercialization of our products and product candidates. We have filed applications for a number
of patents and have been granted patents or obtained rights relating to erythropoietin, natural and recombinant G-CSF, darbepoetin alfa, pegfilgrastim, etanercept, cinacalcet, panitumumab, romiplostim and our product candidates. We market our
erythropoietin, recombinant G-CSF, darbepoetin alfa, pegfilgrastim, etanercept, cinacalcet, panitumumab and romiplostim products as EPOGEN®
 (Epoetin alfa), NEUPOGEN
®
 (Filgrastim), Aranesp
®
 (darbepoetin alfa), Neulasta
®
 (pegfilgrastim),
Enbrel
®
 (etanercept), Sensipar
®
/Mimpara
®
 (cinacalcet), Vectibix
®
 (panitumumab) and Nplate
®

 (romiplostim), respectively. With respect to our material patents, we have had a number of G-CSF
patent expiries in the United States. 

We also have been granted or obtained rights to patents in Europe relating to erythropoietin, G-CSF,
pegfilgrastim (pegylated G-CSF), etanercept, darbepoetin alfa, cinacalcet, panitumumab and romiplostim. Our principal European patent relating to erythropoietin expired on December 12, 2004 and our principal European patent relating to G-CSF
expired on August 22, 2006. As these patents have expired, some companies have and we believe others may receive approval for and market biosimilar (as they are generally known in the EU) and other products to compete with these products in the
EU presenting additional competition to our products. (See “— Our marketed products face substantial competition and other companies may discover, develop, acquire or commercialize products before or more successfully than we
do.”) 

We may experience difficulties, delays or unexpected costs and not achieve or maintain anticipated cost savings from our
restructuring plan. 

As a result of various regulatory and reimbursement developments that began in 2007 and, in particular those
affecting our marketed ESA products, on August 15, 2007, we announced a plan to restructure our world-

49 

Table of Contents

wide operations in order to improve our cost structure while continuing to make significant R&D investments and build the framework for our future
growth. As part of the restructuring plan, we reduced staff, made changes to certain capital projects, closed certain production operations and abandoned leases primarily for certain R&D facilities that will not be used in our operations.
Through December 31, 2008, we have completed substantially all of these actions and reduced costs in 2008. Our ability to maintain these savings is dependent upon various future developments, some of which are beyond our control. During 2008,
we identified certain additional initiatives designed to further assist in improving our cost structure. We may not realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits and savings from our recent restructuring efforts due to unforeseen
difficulties, delays or unexpected costs. If we are unable to achieve or maintain all of the resulting savings or benefits to our business or other unforeseen events occur, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Further,
if we were to experience additional changes to our business or redesign certain processes to achieve increased efficiencies, we may face further restructuring and/or reorganization activities in the future. 

In addition, our reduction of staff was completed through a combination of a voluntary transition program and an involuntary reduction in force. In order
to be successful and build our framework for future growth, we must continue to execute and deliver on our core business initiatives with fewer human resources and losses of intellectual capital. We must also attract, retain and motivate key
employees including highly qualified management, scientific, manufacturing and sales and marketing personnel who are critical to our business. We may not be able to attract, retain or motivate qualified employees in the future and our inability to
do so may adversely affect our business. 

Guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of our
products. 

Government agencies promulgate regulations and guidelines directly applicable to us and to our products. However,
professional societies, practice management groups, insurance carriers, physicians, private health/science foundations and organizations involved in various diseases from time to time may also publish guidelines or recommendations to healthcare
providers, administrators and payors, and patient communities. Recommendations of government agencies or these other groups/organizations may relate to such matters as usage, dosage, route of administration and use of related therapies and
reimbursement of our products by government and private payors. (See “— Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, and to the extent that access to and reimbursement for our products is reduced, this could
negatively impact the utilization of our products.”) Organizations like these have in the past made recommendations about our products. Recommendations or guidelines that are followed by patients and healthcare providers could result in
decreased use and/or dosage of our products. Some examples of agency and organizational guidelines include: 

•

 On August 30, 2007, the National Kidney Foundation (the “NKF”) distributed to the nephrology community final updated Kidney Disease Outcomes Quality
Initiative (“KDOQI”) clinical practice guidelines and clinical practice recommendations for anemia in CKD. The NKF’s Anemia Work Group conducted an extensive review of results from 26 new and existing randomized controlled trials,
comparing the risks and benefits of a range of Hb therapeutic targets in CKD patients. Based on this review, the NKF-KDOQI™ Anemia Work Group recommended in their 2007 Update to the NKF-KDOQI™ Anemia Management Guidelines that physicians
target Hb in the range of 11 g/dL to 12 g/dL, and also stipulated that the target not be above 13 g/dL. 

 •

 On February 2, 2007, following the reported results from our AoC 103 Study, the USP DI Drug Reference Guides
removed Aranesp®
 in the treatment of AoC. Thereafter, Aranesp
®
 use in AoC essentially ceased. 

Any recommendations or guidelines that result in decreased use, dosage or reimbursement of our products could adversely affect our product sales and
operating results materially. In addition, the perception by the investment community or stockholders that such recommendations or guidelines will result in decreased use and dosage of our products could adversely affect the market price for our
common stock. 

50 

Table of Contents

We may not be able to develop commercial products. 

We intend to continue to make significant R&D investments. Successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain, and very
few R&D projects produce a commercial product. Product candidates or new indications for existing products (collectively, “product candidates”) that appear promising in the early phases of development, such as in early human clinical
trials, may fail to reach the market for a number of reasons, such as: 

•

 the product candidate did not demonstrate acceptable clinical trial results even though it demonstrated positive preclinical trial results

•

 the product candidate was not effective or more effective than currently available therapies in treating a specified condition or illness

•

 the product candidate had harmful side effects in humans or animals 

•

 the necessary regulatory bodies, such as the FDA, did not approve our product candidate for an intended use 

•

 the product candidate was not economical for us to manufacture and commercialize 

•

 other parties have or may have proprietary rights relating to our product candidate, such as patent rights, and will not let us sell it on reasonable terms, or at
all 

•

 the product candidate is not cost effective in light of existing therapeutics 

•

 we and certain of our licensees, partners or independent investigators may fail to effectively conduct clinical development or clinical manufacturing activities

•

 the regulatory pathway to approval for product candidates is uncertain or not well-defined 

For example, we announced that after discussions with the FDA we have decided not to file for approval of motesanib in refractory thyroid cancer until
there is more clarity on what would constitute an appropriate regulatory filing package for that indication. We believe that the safety concerns around our ESAs expressed by the FDA must be addressed to the agency’s satisfaction before new
indications or expanded labeling of our ESA products will likely be approved. 

Further, several of our product candidates have failed or
been discontinued at various stages in the product development process, including, but not limited to, Brain Derived Neurotrophic Factor (“BDNF”), Megakaryocyte Growth and Development Factor (“MGDF”) and Glial Cell Lined-Derived
Neurotrophic Factor (“GDNF”). For example, in 1997, we announced the failure of BDNF for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or Lou Gehrig’s Disease, because the product candidate, when administered by injection, did not
produce acceptable clinical results for a specific use after a phase 3 trial, even though BDNF had progressed successfully through preclinical and earlier clinical trials. In addition, in 1998, we discontinued development of MGDF, a novel platelet
growth factor, at the phase 3 trial stage after several people in platelet donation trials developed low platelet counts and neutralizing antibodies. Also, in June 2004, we announced that the phase 2 study of GDNF for the treatment of advanced
Parkinson’s disease did not meet the primary study endpoint upon completion of nine months of the double-blind treatment phase of the study even though a small phase 1 pilot investigator-initiated open-label study over a three-year period
appeared to result in improvements for advanced Parkinson’s disease patients. Subsequently, in the fall of 2004 we discontinued clinical development of GDNF in patients with advanced Parkinson’s disease after several patients in the phase
2 study developed neutralizing antibodies and new preclinical data in rhesus monkeys showed that GDNF caused irreversible damage to the area of the brain critical to movement control and coordination. On February 11, 2005, we confirmed our
previous decision to halt clinical trials of GDNF and, as a part of that decision and based on thorough scientific review, we also concluded that we will not provide GDNF to the 48 patients who participated in clinical trials that were terminated in
the fall of 2004. Of course, there may be other factors that prevent us from marketing a product. We cannot guarantee we will be able to produce or manufacture commercially successful products. (See “— Difficulties, disruptions or
delays in manufacturing or failure to comply with manufacturing regulations may limit 

51 

Table of Contents

supply of our products and limit our product sales; timing of supply may also be affected by operation of our distribution and logistics centers and
providers.”; “— 
Our current products and products in development cannot be sold if we do not gain or maintain regulatory approval of our products and we may be required to perform additional clinical trials or change the
labeling of our products or conduct other potentially limiting or costly risk 
management activities if we or others identify side effects or safety concerns after our products are on the market.” and “— 
Before we
commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications, we must conduct clinical trials in humans; if we fail to adequately manage these trials we may not be able to sell future products and our sales could be
adversely affected.”) 

Our business may be affected by government investigations or litigation. 

We and certain of our subsidiaries are involved in legal proceedings relating to various patent matters, government investigations, our business
operations, government requests for information and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Matters required to be disclosed by us are set forth in Note 10, “Contingencies” to the
Consolidated Financial Statements and are updated as required in subsequently filed Form 10-Qs. Litigation is inherently unpredictable, and the outcome can result in excessive verdicts and/or injunctive relief that affects how we operate our
business. Consequently, it is possible that we could, in the future, incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims for monetary damages or change the way we operate our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial position or cash flows. 

We have received subpoenas from a number of government entities, including the U.S.
Attorney’s Offices for the Eastern District of New York and the Western District of Washington, as well as the Attorneys General of New York and New Jersey. The federal subpoenas have been issued pursuant to the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (18 U.S.C. 3486), while the Attorneys General subpoenas have been issued pursuant to state specific statutes relating to consumer fraud laws and state false claims acts. In general, the subpoenas
request documents relating to the sales and marketing of our products, and our collection and dissemination of information reflecting clinical research as to the safety and efficacy of our ESAs. To the extent it is alleged in a proceeding that we
are in violation of the various federal and state laws that govern the sales and marketing of its products, then a decision adverse to our interests could result in federal criminal liability and/or federal or state civil or administrative
liability, and thus could result in substantial financial damages or criminal penalties. In addition, as current macroeconomic conditions place increasing fiscal pressure on governments, we may see new governmental investigations of or actions
against us citing novel theories of recovery. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows in the period in which such liabilities are incurred. 

We may be required to defend lawsuits or pay damages for product liability claims. 

Product liability is a major risk in testing and marketing biotechnology and pharmaceutical products. We may face substantial product liability exposure
in human clinical trials and for products that we sell after regulatory approval. Product liability claims, regardless of their merits, could be costly and divert management’s attention, and adversely affect our reputation and the demand for
our products. Amgen and Immunex have previously been named as defendants in product liability actions for certain of our products. 

Our
revenues may fluctuate and our operating results are subject to fluctuations and these fluctuations could cause financial results to be below expectations and our stock price is volatile, which could adversely affect your investment. 

Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate from period to period for a number of reasons,
some of which we cannot control. For example, primarily as a result of various regulatory and reimbursement developments involving ESA products that began in 2007, our anemia product sales, in particular sales of Aranesp®
, for 2007 were materially adversely impacted. Even a relatively small revenue shortfall may cause financial results for a period to be below our expectations or projections as some of our operating expenses are fixed
in the short term and cannot be reduced within a short period of time to offset reductions in revenue. Further, primarily as a 

52 

Table of Contents

result of the various regulatory and reimbursement developments impacting ESA products, on August 15, 2007, we announced a plan to restructure our
worldwide operations in order to improve our cost structure. As of December 31, 2008, we have completed substantially all of the actions initially included in our restructuring plan and have incurred approximately $887 million in charges.
During 2008, we identified certain additional initiatives designed to further assist in improving our cost structure. The estimated cost of these additional initiatives is $95 million to $135 million. As a result of these initiatives and certain
minor changes in expected costs associated with the actions initially included in our restructuring plan, the amount of total charges currently expected to be incurred in connection with our restructuring plan, including implementation costs, is
$950 million to $985 million. Our operating results have and may continue to fluctuate and be adversely impacted as a result of these restructuring charges. (See “— We may experience difficulties, delays or unexpected costs and not
achieve or maintain anticipated cost savings from our restructuring plan.”) In addition, in the event that the actual restructuring charges exceed our latest estimate, this may cause our operating results for a period to be below our
expectations or projections. As a result of the above or other challenges, including further label revisions to our ESAs, our revenues and operating results and, in turn, our stock price may be subject to significant fluctuations. Changes in credit
ratings issued by nationally recognized statistical ratings organizations could adversely affect our cost of financing and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. Additionally, our stock price, like that of other biotechnology
companies, is volatile. For example, in the fifty-two weeks prior to December 31, 2008, the trading price of our common stock has ranged from a high of $66.51 per share to a low of $39.16 per share. 

Our revenues, operating results and stock price may be affected by a number of factors, such as: 

•

 adverse developments regarding the safety or efficacy of our products 

•

 changes in the government’s or private payors’ reimbursement policies, particularly for supportive cancer care products, or prescribing guidelines for our
products 

•

 current volatility and disruption of the financial markets 

•

 evolving medical care in treating cancer requiring less use of supportive cancer care products and/or changes in chemotherapy usage patterns

•

 inability to maintain regulatory approval of marketed products or manufacturing facilities 

•

 actual or anticipated clinical trial results of ours or our licensees, partners or independent investigators 

•

 business development or licensing activities 

•

 product development or other business announcements by us or our competitors 

•

 regulatory matters or actions, such as label changes or risk management activities, including a REMS 

•

 lower than expected demand for our products or a change in product mix either or both of which may result in less than optimal utilization of our manufacturing
facilities and the potential to incur excess capacity or impairment charges 

•

 changes in our product contracting and related pricing strategies 

•

 changes in wholesaler buying patterns 

•

 increased competition from new or existing products 

•

 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates 

•

 announcements in the scientific and research community 

•

 intellectual property and legal matters 

•

 actual or anticipated product supply constraints 

•

 broader economic, industry and market trends unrelated to our performance 

Of course, there may be other factors that affect our revenues, operating results and stock price in any given period. In addition, if our revenues,
earnings or other financial results in any period fail to meet the investment community’s expectations, there could be an immediate adverse impact on our stock price. 

53 

Table of Contents

Current levels of market volatility are unprecedented and adverse capital and credit market conditions
may affect our ability to access cost-effective sources of funding and our investment in marketable securities may be subject to market, interest and credit risk that could reduce their value. 

The capital and credit markets have been experiencing extreme volatility and disruption which, particularly during the latter part of 2008 and the
beginning of 2009, has led to uncertainty and liquidity issues for both borrowers and investors. We currently have sufficient cash to repay the $1.0 billion of our 4.00% notes due in November 2009. Historically, we have occasionally and
opportunistically accessed the capital markets to support certain business activities including acquisitions, in-licensing activities, share repurchases and to refinance existing debt. In the future, we may not be able to obtain capital market
financing on similar favorable terms, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We
have some exposure to financial institutions which have come under pressure as a result of the current credit crisis. For example, we have historically had 16 financial institutions participate in our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility including
a subsidiary of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (“Lehman”), which had a $178 million commitment. Lehman declared bankruptcy on September 15, 2008, and the subsidiary participant in our credit facility subsequently declared bankruptcy on
October 5, 2008. Although we have never drawn on our credit facilities and do not currently anticipate any need to do so, we would not anticipate the ability to access this specific commitment provided by Lehman in the future. Additionally, the
conversion feature of our 0.125% Convertible Senior Notes due 2011 and our 0.375% Convertible Senior Notes due 2013 are hedged pursuant to transactions entered into with two financial institutions. We have also entered into interest rate swap
agreements for certain of our outstanding debt and routinely enter into foreign currency exchange contracts with financial institutions as counterparties. Additional bankruptcies in the financial sector could limit our ability to replace these
transactions on favorable terms, or at all, or to manage the risks inherent in our business which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Additionally, we maintain a significant portfolio of fixed-income based investments disclosed as cash equivalents and marketable securities on our
Consolidated Balance Sheet. The value of our investments may be adversely affected by interest rate fluctuations, downgrades in credit ratings, illiquidity in the capital markets and 

other factors which may result in other than temporary declines in the value of our investments. Any of these events could cause us to record impairment charges with respect to our investment portfolio or to realize
losses on the sale of investments. We seek to mitigate these risks with the help of our investment advisors by generally investing in high quality securities and continuously monitoring the overall risk of our portfolio. To date, we have not
realized any material impairments within our investment portfolio. 

The volatility of the current financial markets and the general
economic slowdown may magnify certain risks that affect our business. 

Sales of our principal products are dependent, in part, on the
availability and extent of reimbursement from third-party payors, including governments and private insurance plans. (See “— Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, and to the extent that access to and
reimbursement for our products is reduced, this could negatively impact the utilization of our products.”) As a result of the volatility of the current financial markets and the general economic slowdown, our third-party payors may delay or
be unable to satisfy their reimbursement obligations. A reduction in the availability or extent of reimbursement from government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, and/or private payor healthcare programs could have a material adverse affect
on the sales of our products, our business and results of operations. 

In addition, as a result of the volatile financial markets and
economic slowdown, some employers may seek to reduce costs by reducing or eliminating employer group healthcare plans or transferring a greater portion of healthcare costs to their employees. Job losses or changes may also result in reduced levels
of coverage for some individuals, potentially resulting in lower levels of healthcare coverage for themselves or their families. These reductions may affect patients’ ability to afford healthcare and/or cause them to forego or postpone
treatment to reduce out-of-pocket healthcare costs as a result of increased co-pay or deductible obligations or for other reasons. These changes may result in reduced demand for our products, which could adversely affect our business 

54 

Table of Contents

and results of operations. Any resulting decrease in demand for our products could also cause us to experience excess inventory write-offs and/or excess
capacity charges at certain of our manufacturing facilities. 

Additionally, we rely upon third-parties for certain parts of our business,
including licensees and partners, wholesale distributors of our products, contract clinical trial providers, contract manufacturers and single third-party suppliers. Because of the recent volatility in the financial markets, there may be a
disruption or delay in the performance or satisfaction of commitments to us by these third-parties which could have a material adverse affect on our business and results of operations. For example, current markets conditions may adversely affect the
ability of our distributors, customers and suppliers to obtain liquidity required to buy inventory or raw materials and to perform their obligations under agreements with us, which could disrupt our operations. In addition, although we monitor our
distributors’, customers’ and suppliers’ financial condition and their liquidity, in order to mitigate our business risks, some of our distributors, customers and suppliers may become insolvent, which could negatively impact our
business and results of operations. 

We rely on single third-party suppliers for some of our raw materials, medical devices and
components; if these third-parties fail to supply these items, we may be unable to supply our products. 

Certain raw materials necessary
for commercial and clinical manufacturing and formulation of our products are provided by single-source unaffiliated third-party suppliers. Also, certain medical devices and components necessary for formulation, fill and finish of our products are
provided by single-source unaffiliated third-party suppliers. Certain of these raw materials, medical devices and components are the proprietary products of these unaffiliated third-party suppliers and, in some cases, such proprietary products are
specifically cited in our drug application with regulatory agencies so that they must be obtained from that specific sole source and could not be obtained from another supplier unless and until the regulatory agency approved that other supplier.

We would be unable to obtain these raw materials, medical devices or components for an indeterminate period of time if these third-party
single-source suppliers were to cease or interrupt production or otherwise fail to supply these materials or products to us for any reason, including: 

•

 regulatory requirements or action by regulatory agencies or others 

•

 adverse financial developments at or affecting the supplier 

•

 unexpected demand for or shortage of raw materials, medical devices or components 

•

 labor disputes or shortages, including the effects of an avian or pandemic flu outbreak or otherwise 

•

 failure to comply with our quality standards which results in quality failures, product contamination and/or recall 

These events could adversely affect our ability to satisfy demand for our products, which could adversely affect our product sales and operating results
materially. For example, we have experienced shortages in certain components necessary for the formulation, fill and finish of certain of our products in our Puerto Rico facility without impact on our ability to supply these products. However, we
may experience these or other shortages in the future resulting in delayed shipments, supply constraints and/or stock-outs of our products. Also, certain of the raw materials required in the commercial and clinical manufacturing and the formulation
of our products are sourced from other countries and/or derived from biological sources, including mammalian tissues, bovine serum and HSA. 

Some countries in which we market our products may restrict the use of certain biologically derived substances in the manufacture of drugs. We are investigating alternatives to certain biological sources and alternative manufacturing
processes that do not require the use of certain biologically-sourced raw materials as such raw materials may be subject to contamination and/or recall. Also, some countries in which we market our products may restrict the use of certain
biologically derived substances in the drug manufacturing process. 

A material shortage, contamination, recall and/or restriction of the use
of certain biologically derived substances or other raw materials, which may be sourced from other countries, used in the manufacture of our 

55 

Table of Contents

products could adversely impact or disrupt our commercial manufacturing of our products or could result in a mandated withdrawal of our products from the
market. This could adversely affect our ability to satisfy demand for our products, which could adversely affect our product sales and operating results materially. 

Further, any disruptions or delays by us or by third-party suppliers or partners in converting to alternatives to certain biological sources and alternative manufacturing processes or our ability to gain regulatory
approval for the alternative materials and manufacturing processes could increase our associated costs or result in the recognition of an impairment in the carrying value of certain related assets, which could have a material and adverse affect on
our results of operations. 

Difficulties, disruptions or delays in manufacturing or failure to comply with manufacturing regulations may
limit supply of our products and limit our product sales; timing of supply may also be affected by operation of our distribution and logistics centers and providers. 

We currently manufacture and market all of our principal products, and we plan to manufacture and market many of our product candidates. Manufacturing biologic human therapeutic products is difficult, complex and
highly regulated. (See “— Our current products and products in development cannot be sold if we do not gain or maintain regulatory approval of our products and we may be required to perform additional clinical trials or change the
labeling of our products or conduct other potentially limiting or costly risk management activities if we or others identify side effects or safety concerns after our products are on the market.”) 

We currently manufacture our products and product candidates at our manufacturing facilities located in Thousand Oaks and Fremont, California; Boulder and
Longmont, Colorado; West Greenwich, Rhode Island; Bothell, Washington and Juncos, Puerto Rico. (See “— We manufacture and formulate, fill and finish substantially all our products at our Puerto Rico manufacturing facility; if
significant natural disasters or production failures occur at this facility, we may not be able to supply these products.”) 

Additionally, we currently use third-party contract manufacturers to produce or assist in the
production of ENBREL, Sensipar®
/Mimpara
®
 and Nplate
®

 as well
as our late-stage product candidate denosumab and plan to use contract manufacturers to produce a number of our other late-stage product candidates. (See “— 
We are dependent on third parties for a significant portion of our bulk supply
and the formulation, fill and finish of ENBREL.”) Our ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facilities and those of our third-party contract
manufacturers, which is impacted by many manufacturing variables including: 

•

 availability or contamination of raw materials and components used in the manufacturing process, particularly those for which we have no other source or supplier

•

 capacity of our facilities and those of our contract manufacturers 

•

 facility contamination by microorganisms or viruses 

•

 labor disputes or shortages, including the effects of an avian or pandemic flu outbreak 

•

 compliance with regulatory requirements 

•

 changes in forecasts of future demand 

•

 timing and actual number of production runs 

•

 production success rates and bulk drug yields 

•

 timing and outcome of product quality testing 

If we have problems in one or more of these or other manufacturing variables, we may experience delayed shipments, supply constraints, stock-outs and/or recalls of our products. For example, in the second quarter of 2002, the prior
co-marketers with respect to ENBREL experienced a brief period where no ENBREL was available to fill new patient prescriptions, primarily due to variation in the expected production yield from BI Pharma. If we are at any time unable to provide an
uninterrupted supply of our products to patients, we may lose patients, 

56 

Table of Contents

physicians may elect to prescribe competing therapeutics instead of our products, and sales of our products will be adversely affected, which could
materially and adversely affect our product sales and results of operations. 

We manufacture and contract manufacture, price, sell,
distribute and market or co-market our products for their approved indications. These activities are subject to extensive regulation by numerous state and federal governmental authorities in the United States, such as the FDA and CMS, as well as in
foreign countries, including European countries, Canada, Australia and Japan. Although we have obtained regulatory approval for our marketed products, these products and our manufacturing processes and those of our third-party contract manufacturers
must undergo a potentially lengthy FDA or other regulatory approval process and are subject to continued review by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. It can take longer than five years to build and license a new manufacturing plant and it can
take longer than three years to qualify and license a new contract manufacturer. In order to maintain supply, mitigate risks associated with the majority of our formulation, fill and finish operations being performed in a single facility and to
adequately prepare to launch a number of our late-stage product candidates, in particular denosumab, we must successfully implement a number of manufacturing projects on schedule, operate our facilities at appropriate production capacity over the
next few years, optimize manufacturing asset utilization, continue our use of third-party contract manufacturers and maintain a state of regulatory compliance. Key manufacturing projects include: (i) construction, qualification and licensure of
a new formulation and filling facility at our Puerto Rico site and (ii) expansion and the related qualification and licensure of our existing bulk protein facilities at our Puerto Rico site for the production of our late-stage product
candidate, denosumab. 

If regulatory authorities determine that we or our third-party contract manufacturers or third-party service
providers have violated regulations or if they restrict, suspend or revoke our prior approvals, they could prohibit us from manufacturing our products or conducting clinical trials or selling our marketed products until we or our third-party
contract manufacturers or third-party service providers comply, or indefinitely. Because our third-party contract manufacturers and third-party service providers are subject to FDA and foreign regulatory authorities, alternative qualified
third-party contract manufacturers and service providers may not be available on a timely basis or at all. If we or our third-party contract manufacturers and third-party service providers cease or interrupt production or if our third-party contract
manufacturers and third-party service providers fail to supply materials, products or services to us for any reason, we may experience delayed shipments, supply constraints, stock-outs and/or recalls of our products. If we are unable to manufacture,
market and sell our products, our business and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, we distribute a substantial volume of our commercial products through a single distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky
for the United States and another in Breda, the Netherlands for Europe and the rest of the world. Our ability to timely supply products is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operations of our distribution and logistics centers and our
third-party logistics providers. 

We manufacture and formulate, fill and finish substantially all our products at our Puerto Rico
manufacturing facility; if significant natural disasters or production failures occur at this facility, we may not be able to supply these products. 

We currently perform all of the formulation, fill and finish for EPOGEN®
, Aranesp
®
, Neulasta
®
 and NEUPOGEN
®
,
some formulation, fill and finish operations for ENBREL, and all of the bulk manufacturing for Aranesp
®
, Neulasta
®
 and
NEUPOGEN
®
 at our manufacturing facility in Juncos, Puerto Rico. Our global supply of these products is significantly dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of this facility.
A number of factors could adversely affect our operations, including: 

•

 power failures 

•

 breakdown, failure or substandard performance of equipment 

•

 improper installation or operation of equipment 

•

 labor disputes or shortages, including the effects of an avian or pandemic flu outbreak 

•

 inability of third-party suppliers to provide raw materials and components 

57 

Table of Contents

•

 natural or other disasters, including hurricanes 

•

 failures to comply with regulatory requirements, including those of the FDA 

For example, this facility in Puerto Rico has experienced manufacturing component shortages and there was evidence of adverse trends in the microbial
bioburden of the production environment that reduced the production output in the past. Although these experiences in Puerto Rico have not impacted our ability to supply product in the past, the same or other problems may result in our being unable
to supply these products, which could adversely affect our product sales and operating results materially. Although we have obtained limited insurance to protect against certain business interruption losses, there can be no assurance that such
coverage will be adequate or that such coverage will continue to remain available on acceptable terms, if at all. The extent of the coverage of our insurance could limit our ability to mitigate for lost sales and such losses could adversely affect
our product sales and operating results materially. (See “— Difficulties, disruptions or delays in manufacturing or failure to comply with manufacturing regulations may limit supply of our products and limit our product sales; timing of
supply may also be affected by operation of our distribution and logistics centers and providers.”) 

We are dependent on third
parties for a significant portion of our bulk supply and the formulation, fill and finish of ENBREL. 

Under a collaboration and global
supply agreement, we and Wyeth share the total worldwide bulk supply of ENBREL produced by our Rhode Island manufacturing facility, BI Pharma’s manufacturing facility in Germany and Wyeth’s manufacturing facility in Ireland. (See also
“— We face uncertainties related to the recently announced Wyeth / Pfizer merger.”) Our ENBREL supply forecasts rely on certain assumptions of how much ENBREL each of these manufacturing facilities is expected to produce. If
any of these manufacturing facilities are unable to produce in accordance with our or Wyeth’s expectations, the worldwide supply of ENBREL could be adversely affected materially. In such cases, we may be required to allocate supply for
Wyeth’s benefit. To the extent that there is a shortfall in worldwide production, our supply of ENBREL could be adversely affected. Additionally, the costs associated with a shortfall or failure in production of ENBREL would be borne by both
parties. 

We currently produce a substantial portion of the annual ENBREL supply at our Rhode Island manufacturing facility. However, we
also depend on third parties for a significant portion of our ENBREL bulk supply as well as for some of the formulation, fill and finish of ENBREL that we manufacture. BI Pharma is our third-party contract manufacturer of ENBREL bulk drug;
accordingly, our U.S. and Canadian supply of ENBREL is currently significantly dependent on BI Pharma’s production schedule for ENBREL. We would be unable to produce ENBREL in sufficient quantities to substantially offset shortages in BI
Pharma’s scheduled production if BI Pharma or other third-party contract manufacturers used for the formulation, fill and finish of ENBREL bulk drug were to cease or interrupt production or services or otherwise fail to supply materials,
products or services to us for any reason, including labor shortages or disputes, regulatory requirements or action or contamination of product lots or product recalls. 

For example, in the second quarter of 2002, the prior co-marketers with respect to ENBREL experienced a brief period where no ENBREL was available to fill new patient prescriptions, primarily due to variation in the
expected production yield from BI Pharma. We cannot guarantee that an alternative third-party contract manufacturer would be available on a timely basis or at all. This in turn could materially reduce our ability to satisfy demand for ENBREL, which
could materially and adversely affect our operating results. 

Among the factors that could affect our actual supply of ENBREL at any time
include, without limitation, BI Pharma’s and our Rhode Island facility’s bulk drug production scheduling. For example, BI Pharma does not produce ENBREL continuously; rather, it produces the bulk drug substance through a series of periodic
campaigns throughout the year. Our Rhode Island manufacturing facility is currently dedicated to ENBREL production. The amount of commercial inventory available to us at any time depends on a variety of factors, including the timing and actual
number of BI Pharma’s production runs, the actual number of runs at our Rhode Island manufacturing facility, and, for either the Rhode Island or BI Pharma facilities, the level of production yields and success rates, the timing and outcome of
product quality testing and the amount of formulation, fill and finish capacity. We are also dependent on third-parties for some formulation, fill and finish of ENBREL bulk 

58 

Table of Contents

drug substance manufactured at our Rhode Island facility. If third-party formulation, fill and finish manufacturers are unable to provide sufficient capacity
or are otherwise unable to provide services to us, the supply of ENBREL could be adversely affected materially. 

Our marketed products
face substantial competition and other companies may discover, develop, acquire or commercialize products before or more successfully than we do. 

We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our products compete with other products or
treatments for diseases for which our products may be indicated. For example, ENBREL competes in certain circumstances with products marketed by J&J, Abbott, Biogen, Barr, Genentech, BMS, Novartis and Sanofi-Aventis and others, as well as the
generic drug methotrexate, and may face competition from other potential therapies being developed, including J&J’s CNTO 1275 (ustekinumab) and CNTO 148 (golimumab), Roche’s Actemra (tocilizumab) and UCB’s Cimzia®
 (PEGylated anti-TNF). Additionally, in the first quarter of 2008 Abbott received approval from the FDA to market HUMIRA
®
 as a
treatment for adult patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis and HUMIRA
®
 now competes with ENBREL in both the rheumatology and dermatology segments and ENBREL has
experienced and continues to experience share loss to competitors. 

The following
table reflects companies and their currently marketed products that primarily compete with Aranesp®
 in the United States and Europe in the supportive cancer care and nephrology segments,
unless otherwise indicated: 

 Territory

 Competitor Marketed Product

 Competitor

 U.S.

PROCRIT®

(1)

J&J

 Europe

EPREX®
/ERYPO
®

Janssen-Cilag
(2)

 Europe

NeoRecormon®

Roche

 Europe

Retacrit™

(3)

/Silapo®

(3)

Hospira/Stada

 Europe

Binocrit®

(3)

/Epoetin alfa
Hexal®

(3)

/Abseamed®

(3)

Sandoz/Hexal/Medice

 Europe

MIRCERA®

(4) 

Roche

 Europe

Dynepo®

(5) 

Shire

(1)

 In the United States, Aranesp®
 competes with PROCRIT
®
 in the supportive cancer care and pre-dialysis settings. 

(2)

 A subsidiary of J&J. 

(3)

 Biosimilar product approved and launched in certain EU countries. 

(4)

 Competes with Aranesp®
 in the nephrology segment only.

(5)

 Shire announced in the second quarter of 2008 that it had decided to stop the commercialization of Dynepo®
. 

In
addition to competition from the above-noted marketed products, a number of companies are developing products that could potentially compete with Aranesp®
 and/or EPOGEN
®
 in the future. Affymax and Takeda are co-developing Hematide™, an ESA for the treatment of anemia in renal patients. FibroGen is developing FG-2216 and FG-4592, orally active ESAs, for the
treatment of anemia and is also studying FG-4592 for the treatment in anemia of CKD. Ratiopharm is developing a biosimilar ESA, EpoTheta, expected to launch in the EU in 2009. Additionally in December 2008, Merck announced the formation of a new
biotech division, Merck Bioventures, which is developing a pegylated ESA (MK-2578), which they have announced they expect to launch in 2012. Further, if our currently marketed products are approved for new uses, or if we sell new products, or our
competitors get new or expanded indications, we may face new, additional competition that we do not face today. Further, adverse clinical developments for our current products could limit our ability to compete. (See “— 
Our current
products and products in development cannot be sold if we do not gain or maintain regulatory approval of our products and we may be required to perform additional clinical trials or change the labeling of our products or conduct other potentially
limiting or costly risk management activities if we or others identify side effects or safety concerns after our products are on the market.”) Our products may compete against products that have lower prices, equivalent or superior
performance, are easier to administer or that are otherwise competitive with our products. 

59 

Table of Contents

Our principal European patent relating to
erythropoietin expired on December 12, 2004 and our principal European patent relating to G-CSF expired on August 22, 2006. As these patents have expired, some companies have and other companies may receive approval for and market
biosimilar or other products to compete with our products in the EU, presenting additional competition to our products. For example, in September 2008, the European Commission issued marketing authorizations for the first G-CSF biosimilar products
to Ratiopharm’s Ratiograstim®
/Filgrastim Ratiopharm
®
, CT Arzneimittel’s Biograstim
®
 and Teva’s Tevagrastim
®
. Ratiopharm launched its G-CSF biosimilar product, Ratiograstim
®
,
in the United Kingdom and Germany in October 2008 and in the Netherlands in January 2009, and is expected to launch it in other European markets in 2009. Teva has stated that it would begin marketing Tevagrastim throughout Europe in 2009. In
February 2009, the European Commission issued marketing authorizations for two additional G-CSF biosimilar products to Sandoz’s Zarzio
®
 and Hexal’s Filgrastim Hexal
®
. If these companies’ launch plans are successful, there may be as many as six G-CSF biosimilars available in 2009 on the European market. These G-CSF biosimilar products would compete with
Neulasta
®
 and NEUPOGEN
®
. We cannot predict to what extent the entry of biosimilar products or other competing products will
impact future Aranesp
®
, Neulasta
®
 or NEUPOGEN
®
 sales in the EU. Our
inability to compete effectively could reduce sales which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

In 2006, the
EMEA developed and issued final regulatory guidelines related to the development and approval of biosimilar products. The final guidelines included clinical trial guidance for certain biosimilar products including erythropoietins and G-CSFs, which
guidance recommends that applicants seeking approval of such biosimilar products conduct fairly extensive pharmacodynamic, toxicological, clinical safety studies and a pharmacovigilance program. In the United States, there currently is no legal
approval pathway for the abbreviated approval of BLAs for biosimilars. A number of events would need to occur before these products could enter the market, including passage of legislation by Congress to create a new approval pathway and, depending
on the specific provisions of any such legislation, promulgation of associated regulations or guidance by the FDA. In 2007, several members of Congress expressed interest in the issue, a number of bills were introduced, the House of Representatives
and the Senate held hearings on biosimilars, and the Senate Committee on HELP voted on legislation in June 2007. In 2008, additional legislation was introduced in the House of Representatives, but no final legislation was considered or passed in
either chamber of Congress, with all introduced bills expiring at the end of the Congressional session (end of the year). Given the continuing interest of Congress in the issue and in healthcare reform generally, it is likely that legislation on
biosimilars will be introduced in 2009 and possibly passed into law. The new U.S. presidential administration has also expressed an interest in passing legislation regarding biosimilars. It is unknown what type of regulatory framework, what legal
provisions, and what timeframes for issuance of regulations or guidance any final legislation would contain. Until such legislation is created, we cannot predict when biosimilars could appear in the United States. 

Certain of our competitors, including biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, market products or are actively engaged in R&D in areas where we
have products or where we are developing product candidates or new indications for existing products. In the future, we expect that our products will compete with new drugs currently in development, drugs approved for other indications that may be
approved for the same indications as those of our products and drugs approved for other indications that are used off-label. As with Merck’s recent announcement, pharmaceutical companies and generic manufacturers that have traditionally
developed and marketed “small molecule” pharmaceutical products may elect to expand into the biotechnology field, and some of these companies may seek to develop biosimilar products to compete with our products. Large pharmaceutical
corporations may have greater clinical, research, regulatory, manufacturing, marketing, financial and human resources than we do. In addition, some of our competitors may have technical or competitive advantages over us for the development of
technologies and processes. These resources may make it difficult for us to compete with them to successfully discover, develop and market new products and for our current products to compete with new products or new product indications that these
competitors may bring to market. Business combinations among our competitors may also increase competition and the resources available to our competitors. 

60 

Table of Contents

We must continue to build the framework for our future growth, and if we fail to execute on our
initiatives our business could be adversely affected. 

As a result of developments in 2007 and, in particular the regulatory and
reimbursement changes to our ESA products, on August 15, 2007, we announced a plan to restructure our worldwide operations in order to improve our cost structure while continuing to make significant R&D investments and build the framework
for our future growth. We face a number of risks, some of which we cannot completely control. For example: 

•

 we will need to manage complexities associated with a large and geographically diverse organization 

•

 we will need to manage and execute large, complex and global clinical trials 

•

 we will need to significantly expand our sales and marketing resources to launch our late-stage product candidate, denosumab 

•

 we will need to accurately anticipate demand for the products we manufacture and maintain adequate manufacturing capacity for both commercial and clinical supply

•

 we have implemented a new global enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) system to support our increasing complex business and business processes and need to
ensure that the new system continues to operate without disruptions to our operations 

Of course, there may be other risks
and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully manage these or other risks. If we fail to execute on our initiatives in these ways or others, such failure could result in a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations. 

Concentration of sales at certain of our wholesaler distributors and consolidation of free-standing dialysis clinic
businesses may negatively impact our bargaining power and profit margins. 

The
substantial majority of our U.S. product sales are made to three pharmaceutical product wholesaler distributors, AmerisourceBergen Corporation, Cardinal Health, Inc. and McKesson Corporation. These distributors, in turn, sell our products to their
customers, which include physicians or their clinics, dialysis centers, hospitals and pharmacies. One of these products, EPOGEN®
, is primarily sold to free-standing dialysis clinics, which
have experienced significant consolidation. Two organizations, DaVita Inc. and Fresenius own or manage a large number of the outpatient dialysis facilities located in the United States and account for a significant majority of all EPOGEN
®
 sales in the free-standing dialysis clinic setting. In October 2006, we entered into a five-year sole sourcing and supply agreement with an affiliate of Fresenius, on its behalf and on behalf
of certain of its affiliates, whereby they have agreed to purchase, and we have agreed to supply, all of Fresenius’ commercial requirements for ESAs for use in managing the anemia of its hemodialysis patients in the United States and Puerto
Rico, based on forecasts provided by Fresenius and subject to the terms and conditions of the agreement. 

These entities’ purchasing
leverage has increased due to this concentration and consolidation which may put pressure on our pricing by their potential ability to extract price discounts on our products or fees for other services, correspondingly negatively impacting our
bargaining position and profit margins. The results of these developments may have a material adverse effect on our product sales and results of operations. 

Our marketing of ENBREL is dependent in part upon Wyeth. 

Under a co-promotion agreement, we and
Wyeth market and sell ENBREL in the United States and Canada. A management committee comprised of an equal number of representatives from us and Wyeth is responsible for overseeing the marketing and sales of ENBREL including strategic planning, the
approval of an annual marketing plan and the establishment of a brand team. The brand team, with equal representation from us and Wyeth, prepares and implements the annual marketing plan, which includes a minimum level of financial and sales
personnel commitment from each party, and is responsible for all sales activities. If Wyeth fails to effectively deliver on its marketing commitments to us or if we and Wyeth fail to coordinate our efforts effectively, our sales of ENBREL may be
adversely affected materially. (See also “— We face uncertainties related to the recently announced Wyeth/Pfizer merger.”) 

61 

Table of Contents

We face uncertainties related to the recently announced Wyeth/Pfizer merger. 

We are party to a number of agreements with Wyeth relating to the manufacturing, marketing and selling of ENBREL, including a co-promotion agreement and a
global supply agreement. On January 26, 2009, Wyeth and Pfizer announced that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement under which Pfizer will acquire Wyeth in a cash-and-stock transaction approved by the boards of directors of both
companies. Wyeth and Pfizer stated that the transaction is subject to a number of closing conditions, including the approval of Wyeth’s stockholders. While our agreements with Wyeth do not include a change of control provision, if the
acquisition transaction is completed, our relationship with Wyeth may be affected in ways we do not anticipate, including changes in Wyeth/Pfizer management, strategy or otherwise. 

Our corporate compliance and risk mitigation programs cannot guarantee that we are in compliance with all potentially applicable U.S. federal and state
regulations and all potentially applicable foreign regulations and/or that we effectively manage all operational risks. 

The
development, manufacturing, distribution, pricing, sales, marketing and reimbursement of our products, together with our general operations, are subject to extensive federal and state regulation in the United States and to extensive regulation in
foreign countries. (See “— Our current products and products in development cannot be sold if we do not gain or maintain regulatory approval of our products and we may be required to perform additional clinical trials or change the
labeling of our products or conduct other potentially limiting or costly risk management activities if we or others identify side effects or safety concerns after our products are on the market.” and “— 
Difficulties,
disruptions or delays in manufacturing or failure to comply with manufacturing regulations may limit supply of our products and limit our product sales; timing of supply may also be affected by operation of our distribution and logistics centers and
providers.”) While we have developed and instituted a corporate compliance program, we cannot guarantee you that we, our employees, our consultants or our contractors are or will be in compliance with all potentially applicable U.S. federal
and state regulations and/or laws or all potentially applicable foreign regulations and/or laws. If we or our agents fail to comply with any of these regulations and/or laws, a range of actions could result, including, but not limited to, the
termination of clinical trials, the failure to approve a product candidate, restrictions on our products or manufacturing processes, withdrawal of our products from the market, significant fines, exclusion from government healthcare programs or
other sanctions or litigation. Additionally, while we have implemented numerous risk mitigation measures, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to effectively mitigate all operational risks. If we fail to effectively mitigate all operational
risks, our product supply may be materially adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our product sales and results of operations. 

Continual process improvement efforts may result in the carrying value of certain existing manufacturing facilities or other assets becoming impaired or other related charges being incurred. 

In connection with our continuous process improvement activities, we evaluate our processes and procedures in order to identify opportunities to achieve
greater efficiencies in how we conduct our business in order to reduce costs. In particular, we evaluate our manufacturing practices and related processes to increase production yields and/or success rates as well as capacity utilization to gain
increased cost efficiencies. Depending on the timing and outcomes of these process improvement initiatives, the carrying value of certain manufacturing or other assets may not be fully recoverable and could result in the recognition of impairment
charges and/or the recognition of other related charges. The recognition of such charges, if any, could have a material and adverse affect on our results of operations. 

62 

Table of Contents