Decrease in demand for our communications sites
would materially and adversely affect our operating results and we cannot control that demand. 

Many of the factors affecting the
demand for our communications sites, and to a lesser extent our network development services, could adversely affect our operating results. Those factors include: 

•

 a decrease in consumer demand for wireless services due to general economic conditions or other factors; 

•

 the financial condition of wireless service providers; 

•

 the ability and willingness of wireless service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures; 

•

 the growth rate of wireless communications or of a particular wireless segment; 

•

 governmental licensing of spectrum; 

•

 mergers or consolidations among wireless service providers; 

•

 increased use of network sharing, roaming or resale arrangements by wireless service providers; 

•

 delays or changes in the deployment of next generation wireless technologies; 

•

 zoning, environmental, health or other government regulations; and 

•

 technological changes. 

The demand
for broadcast tower space is dependent on the needs of television and radio broadcasters. Among other things, technological advances, including the development of satellite-delivered radio and video services, may reduce the need for tower-based
broadcast transmission. In addition, our broadcast tower division 

10 

Table of Contents

could be adversely affected as a result of the shift from analog-based transmissions to digital-based transmissions, which is scheduled to commence in 2009.

In addition, the downturn in the economy and the disruptions in the financial and credit markets could have an impact on consumer demand
for wireless services. If wireless service subscribers significantly reduce their minutes of use, or fail to widely adopt and use wireless data applications, our wireless carrier customers would experience a decrease in demand for their
services. As a result, they may scale back their business plans or otherwise reduce their spending, which could adversely affect demand for our tower sites and our network development services business, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If our wireless service provider customers consolidate or merge with each
other to a significant degree, our growth, revenue and ability to generate positive cash flows could be adversely affected. 

Significant consolidation among our wireless service provider customers may result in the decommissioning of certain existing communications sites, because certain portions of their networks may be redundant, and a reduction in future
capital expenditures in the aggregate, because their expansion plans may be similar. For example, in connection with the recent combinations of Verizon Wireless and ALLTEL (to form Verizon Wireless), Cingular and AT&T Wireless (to form AT&T
Mobility) and Sprint PCS and Nextel (to form Sprint Nextel) in the United States, and of Iusacell Celular and Unefon (now under the common ownership of Grupo Iusacell) in Mexico, the combined companies have or are considering rationalizing their
duplicative networks, which has led and may continue to lead to the decommissioning of certain communications sites. In addition, these and other customers could determine not to renew leases with us as a result. Our future results may be negatively
impacted if a significant number of these contracts are terminated, and our ongoing contractual revenues would be reduced as a result. Similar consequences might occur if wireless service providers engage in extensive sharing, roaming or resale
arrangements as an alternative to leasing space on our communications sites. 

Substantial leverage and debt service obligations may adversely affect
us. 

We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2008, we had approximately $4.3 billion of consolidated
debt, and the ability to borrow additional amounts of approximately $495.1 million under the Revolving Credit Facility. Our substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay when due
the principal of, interest on, or other amounts due with respect to our indebtedness. In addition, we may draw down the Revolving Credit Facility, which has the effect of increasing our indebtedness. We are also permitted, subject to certain
restrictions under our existing indebtedness, to obtain additional long-term debt and working capital lines of credit to meet future financing needs. This would have the effect of increasing our total leverage. 

Our substantial leverage could have significant negative consequences on our financial condition and results of operations, including: 

•

 impairing our ability to meet one or more of the financial ratio covenants contained in our debt agreements or to generate cash sufficient to pay interest or
principal, which could result in an acceleration of some or all of our outstanding debt and the loss of towers subject to our securitization transaction in the event that an uncured default occurs; 

•

 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing; 

•

 requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of our cash flow available for
other purposes, including capital expenditures; 

11 

Table of Contents

•

 requiring us to sell debt or equity securities or to sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, to meet payment obligations;

•

 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we compete; 

•

 limiting our ability to repurchase our Common Stock; and 

•

 placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with less leveraged competitors and competitors that may have better access to capital resources.

Restrictive covenants in the loan agreement for the Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan, the indentures governing our debt
securities, and the loan agreement related to our securitization transaction could adversely affect our business by limiting flexibility. 

The loan agreement for the Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan and the indentures governing the terms of our debt securities contain restrictive covenants, as well as requirements to comply with certain leverage and other financial
maintenance tests. These covenants and requirements limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, guaranteeing indebtedness and engaging in various types of transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and sales of
assets. These covenants could place us at a disadvantage compared to some of our competitors, who may have fewer restrictive covenants and may not be required to operate under these restrictions. Further, these covenants could have an adverse effect
on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, new tower development, mergers and acquisitions or other opportunities. 

In addition, the loan agreement related to our securitization transaction includes operating covenants and other restrictions customary for loans subject to rated securitizations. Among other things, our subsidiaries that are borrowers
under the loan agreement for the securitization transaction are prohibited from incurring other indebtedness for borrowed money or further encumbering their assets. A failure to comply with the covenants in the loan agreement could prevent the
borrowers from taking certain actions with respect to the towers subject to the securitization transaction, and could prevent the borrowers from distributing any excess cash from the operation of such towers to us. If the borrowers were to default
on the loan, the servicer on the loan could seek to foreclose upon or otherwise convert the ownership of the towers subject to the securitization transaction, in which case we could lose such towers and the revenue associated with such towers.

In addition, reporting and information covenants in our loan agreements and indentures require that we provide financial and operating
information within certain time periods. If we are unable to timely provide the required information, we would be in breach of these covenants. For more information regarding the covenants and requirements discussed above, please see Item 7 of
this Annual Report under the caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Factors Affecting Sources of Liquidity” and note 6 to our
consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 

We could suffer adverse tax and other financial consequences if taxing authorities
do not agree with our tax positions, or we are unable to utilize our net operating losses. 

We are periodically subject to a number
of tax examinations by taxing authorities in the states and countries where we do business. We also have significant deferred tax assets related to our net operating losses (“NOLs”) in U.S. federal and state taxing jurisdictions. For U.S.
federal and state tax purposes, NOLs can be carried forward and used for up to twenty years, and all of our tax years will remain subject to examination until three years after our NOLs are used or expire. We expect that we will continue to be
subject to tax examinations in the future. We apply the principles contained in FASB Interpretation No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, an interpretation of SFAS No. 109” (“FIN 48”), and we recognize
tax benefits of uncertain tax positions when we believe the positions are more likely than not of being sustained upon a challenge by the relevant tax authority. We believe our judgments in this area are reasonable and correct, but there is no
guarantee that we will 

12 

Table of Contents

be successful if challenged by a tax authority. If there are tax benefits, including from our use of NOLs or other tax attributes, that we have recognized
under FIN 48 that are challenged successfully by a taxing authority, we may be required to pay additional taxes or we may seek to enter into settlements with the taxing authorities, which could require significant payments or otherwise have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, we may be limited in our ability to
utilize our NOLs to offset future taxable income and thereby reduce our otherwise payable income taxes. We have substantial federal and state NOLs, including significant portions obtained through acquisitions and dispositions, as well as those
generated through our historic business operations. In addition, we have disposed of some entities and restructured other entities in conjunction with financing transactions and other business activities. We apply the principles contained in FIN 48
to our NOLs and, to the extent we believe that a position with respect to an NOL is not more likely than not to be sustained, we do not record the related deferred tax asset. In addition, for NOLs that meet the recognition threshold of FIN 48, we
assess the recoverability of the NOL and establish a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset related to the NOL if recoverability is questionable. Given the uncertainty surrounding the recoverability of certain of our NOLs, we have
established a valuation allowance to offset the related deferred tax asset so as to reflect what we believe to be the recoverable portion of our NOLs. 

Our ability to utilize our NOLs is also dependent, in part, upon us having sufficient future earnings to utilize our NOLs before they expire. If market conditions change materially and we determine that we will be
unable to generate sufficient taxable income in the future to utilize our NOLs, we could be required to record an additional valuation allowance. We review our FIN 48 position and the valuation allowance for our NOLs periodically and make
adjustments from time to time, which can result in an increase or decrease to the net deferred tax asset related to our NOLs. Our NOLs are also subject to review and potential disallowance upon audit by the taxing authorities of the jurisdictions
where the NOLs were incurred, and future changes in tax laws or interpretations of such tax laws could limit materially our ability to utilize our NOLs. If we are unable to use our NOLs or use of our NOLs is limited, we may have to make significant
payments or otherwise record charges or reduce our deferred tax assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Due to the long-term expectations of revenue from tenant leases, the tower industry is sensitive to the creditworthiness and financial strength of its tenants. 

Due to the long-term nature of our tenant leases, we, like others in the tower industry, are dependent on the continued financial strength of our tenants.
Many wireless service providers operate with substantial leverage. In the past, we have had customers that have filed for bankruptcy, although to date these bankruptcies have not had a material adverse effect on our business or revenues. In
addition, many of our customers and potential customers rely on capital raising activities to fund their operations and capital expenditures, and the downturn in the economy and the disruptions in the financial and credit markets have made it more
difficult and more expensive to raise capital. If our customers or potential customers are unable to raise adequate capital to fund their business plans, they may reduce their spending, which could adversely affect demand for our tower sites and our
network development services business. If, as a result of a prolonged economic downtown or otherwise, one or more of our significant customers experienced financial difficulties or filed for bankruptcy, it could result in uncollectible accounts
receivable and an impairment on our deferred rent asset. In addition, it could result in the loss of significant customers and anticipated lease revenues, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

Our foreign operations are subject to economic, political and other risks that could adversely affect our revenues or financial
position, including risks associated with foreign currency exchange rates. 

Our business operations in Mexico, Brazil and India, and
our expansion into any other international markets in the future, could result in adverse financial consequences and operational problems not experienced in the 

13 

Table of Contents

United States. For the year ended December 31, 2008, approximately 14% of our consolidated revenues were generated by our international operations. We
anticipate that our revenues from our international operations may grow in the future. Accordingly, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including: 

•

 changes in a specific country’s or region’s political or economic conditions; 

•

 laws and regulations that tax or otherwise restrict repatriation of earnings or other funds or otherwise limit distributions of capital;

•

 changes to existing or new tax laws directed specifically at the ownership and operation of tower sites; 

•

 expropriation and governmental regulation restricting foreign ownership; 

•

 uncertainties regarding legal or judicial systems, including inconsistencies between and within laws, regulations and decrees, and judicial application thereof;

•

 difficulty in recruiting and retaining trained personnel; and 

•

 language and cultural differences. 

In addition, we face risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including those arising from our operations, investments and financing transactions related to our international business. Volatility in foreign currency
exchange rates can also affect our ability to plan, forecast and budget for our international operations and expansion efforts. While most of the contracts for our operations in Mexico are denominated in the U.S. Dollar, many are denominated in
the Mexican Peso, and contracts for our operations in Brazil and India are denominated in the local currencies. We have not historically engaged in significant currency hedging activities relating to our non-U.S. Dollar operations, and a
weakening of these foreign currencies against the U.S. Dollar would have a negative impact on our revenues and operating profits, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a small number of customers. 

A substantial portion of our total operating revenues is derived from a small number of customers. For the year ended December 31, 2008: 

•

 Six customers accounted for approximately 68% of our revenues; 

•

 AT&T Mobility accounted for approximately 20% of our revenues; 

•

 Sprint Nextel accounted for approximately 19% of our revenues; and 

•

 Verizon Wireless and ALLTEL, which completed their merger in January 2009, accounted for approximately 11% and 5%, respectively, of our revenues.

Our largest international customer is Grupo Iusacell, which now controls both Iusacell Celular and Unefon in Mexico.
Grupo Iusacell is under common control with TV Azteca. Grupo Iusacell accounted for approximately 5% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2008. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2008, we received $14.3 million
in net interest income from TV Azteca. 

If any of these customers is unwilling or unable to perform its obligations under our agreements
with them, our revenues, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be adversely affected. In the ordinary course of our business, we do occasionally experience disputes with our customers, generally regarding the interpretation
of terms in our agreements. Although we have historically resolved these disputes in a manner that did not have a material adverse effect on us or our customer relationships, it is possible that such disputes could lead to a termination of our
agreements with customers or a material modification of the terms of those agreements, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are forced to resolve any of these
disputes through litigation, our relationship with the 

14 

Table of Contents

applicable customer could be terminated or damaged, which could lead to decreased revenues or increased costs, resulting in a corresponding adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We anticipate that we may need additional financing to fund our stock repurchase
programs, to refinance our existing indebtedness and to fund future growth and expansion initiatives. 

In order to fund our stock
repurchase programs, refinance our existing indebtedness and fund future growth and expansion initiatives, we may need to raise additional capital through financing activities. We believe our cash provided by operations for the year ending
December 31, 2009 will be sufficient to fund our cash needs for operations, capital expenditures and cash debt service (interest and principal repayments) obligations for 2009. However, we anticipate that we may need to obtain additional
sources of capital in the future to fund growth initiatives and to support additional return of capital to stockholders. If so, depending on market conditions, we may seek to raise capital through credit facilities or debt or equity
offerings. The downturn in the economy and the disruptions in the financial and credit markets have made it more difficult and more expensive to raise capital. Such additional financing may be unavailable, may be prohibitively expensive, or may
be restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness. If we are unable to raise capital when our needs arise, we may not be able to fund our stock repurchase programs, refinance our existing indebtedness or fund future growth and expansion
initiatives. 

New technologies could make our tower leasing business less desirable to potential tenants and result in decreasing revenues. 

The development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks could reduce the use and
need for tower-based wireless services transmission and reception and have the effect of decreasing demand for tower space. Examples of such technologies include technologies that enhance spectral capacity, such as lower-rate vocoders, which can
increase the capacity at existing sites and reduce the number of additional sites a given carrier needs to serve any given subscriber base. Additionally, certain complementary network technologies, such as femtocells, could offload a portion of
network traffic away from the traditional tower-based networks, which would reduce the need for carriers to add more equipment at certain communications sites. Moreover, the emergence of alternative technologies could reduce the need for tower-based
broadcast services transmission and reception. For example, the growth in delivery of radio and video services by direct broadcast satellites could adversely affect demand for our antenna space. The development and implementation of any of these and
similar technologies to any significant degree could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We could have liability under environmental laws. 

Our operations, like those of other companies engaged in similar
businesses, are subject to the requirements of various federal, state and local and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations, including those relating to the management, use, storage, disposal, emission and
remediation of, and exposure to, hazardous and non-hazardous substances, materials and wastes. As the owner, lessee or operator of many thousands of real estate sites underlying our towers, we may be liable for substantial costs of remediating soil
and groundwater contaminated by hazardous materials, without regard to whether we, as the owner, lessee or operator, knew of or were responsible for the contamination. Many of these laws and regulations contain information reporting and record
keeping requirements. We cannot assure you that we are at all times in complete compliance with all environmental requirements. We may be subject to potentially significant fines or penalties if we fail to comply with any of these requirements. The
current cost of complying with these laws is not material to our financial condition or results of operations. However, the requirements of these laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, and could become more stringent in the future. It
is possible that these requirements will change or that liabilities will arise in the future in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

15 

Table of Contents

Our business is subject to government regulations and changes in current or future laws or regulations could
restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do. 

Our business, and that of our customers, is subject to federal,
state, local and foreign regulation, including by the FAA, the FCC, the EPA and OSHA. Both the FCC and the FAA regulate towers used for wireless communications and radio and television broadcasting and the FCC separately regulates transmitting
devices operating on towers. Similar regulations exist in Mexico, Brazil, India and other foreign countries regarding wireless communications and the operation of communications towers. Local zoning authorities and community organizations are often
opposed to construction in their communities and these regulations can delay, prevent or increase the cost of new tower construction, modifications, additions of new antennas to a site, or site upgrades, thereby limiting our ability to respond to
customer demands and requirements. Existing regulatory policies may adversely affect the associated timing or cost of such projects and additional regulations may be adopted which increase delays or result in additional costs to us, or that prevent
such projects in certain locations. These factors could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Increasing
competition in the tower industry may create pricing pressures that may adversely affect us. 

Our industry is highly competitive,
and our customers have numerous alternatives for leasing antenna space. Some of our competitors, such as national wireless carriers that allow collocation on their towers, are larger and have greater financial resources than we do, while other
competitors are in a weaker financial condition or may have lower return on investment criteria than we do. 

Our competition includes:

•

 national and regional tower companies; 

•

 wireless carriers that own towers and lease antenna space to other carriers; 

•

 site development companies that purchase antenna space on existing towers for wireless carriers and manage new tower construction; and 

•

 alternative site structures (e.g., building rooftops, outdoor and indoor DAS networks, billboards and electric transmission towers).

Competitive pricing pressures for tenants on towers from these competitors could adversely affect our lease rates and
services income. In addition, we may not be able to renew existing customer leases or enter into new customer leases, resulting in a material adverse impact on our results of operations and growth rate. Increasing competition could also make the
acquisition of high quality tower assets more costly. 

If we are unable to protect our rights to the land under our towers, it could adversely affect
our business and operating results. 

Our real property interests relating to our towers consist primarily of leasehold and
sub-leasehold interests, fee interests, easements, licenses and rights-of-way. A loss of these interests at a particular tower site may interfere with our ability to operate a tower and generate revenues. For various reasons, we may not always have
the ability to access, analyze and verify all information regarding titles and other issues prior to completing an acquisition of communications sites, which can affect our rights to access and operate a site. From time to time we also experience
disputes with landowners regarding the terms of ground agreements for land under a tower, which can affect our ability to access and operate a tower site. Further, for various reasons, landowners may not want to renew their ground agreements with
us, they may lose their rights to the land, or they may transfer their land interests to third parties, including ground lease aggregators, which could affect our ability to renew ground agreements on commercially viable terms. Approximately 82% of
the communications sites in our portfolio as of December 31, 2008 are located on land we do not own. Approximately 86% of the ground agreements for these sites have a final expiration date of 2018 and beyond. Our inability to protect our rights
to the land under our towers may have a material adverse effect on us. 

16 

Table of Contents

If we are unable or choose not to exercise our rights to purchase towers that are subject to lease and sublease
agreements at the end of the applicable period, our cash flows derived from such towers would be eliminated. 

Our communications
site portfolio includes towers that we operate pursuant to lease and sublease agreements that include a purchase option at the end of each lease period. If we are unable or choose not to exercise our rights to purchase towers under these agreements
at the end of the applicable period, our cash flows derived from such towers would be eliminated. For example, our SpectraSite subsidiary has entered into lease or sublease agreements with affiliates of SBC Communications, a predecessor entity to
AT&T Mobility, with respect to approximately 2,500 towers pursuant to which SpectraSite has the option to purchase the sites upon the expiration of the lease or sublease beginning in 2013. The aggregate purchase option price for the AT&T
Mobility towers was approximately $375.4 million as of December 31, 2008, and will accrete at a rate of 10% per year to the applicable expiration of the lease or sublease of a site. In addition, we have entered into a similar agreement
with ALLTEL, which completed its merger with Verizon Wireless in January 2009, with respect to approximately 1,800 towers, for which we have an option to purchase the sites upon the expiration of the lease or sublease beginning in 2016. The
aggregate purchase option price for the ALLTEL towers was approximately $60.5 million as of December 31, 2008, and will accrete at a rate of 3% per year through the expiration of the lease or sublease period. At ALLTEL’s option, at
the expiration of the sublease period, the purchase price will be payable in cash or with 769 shares of our Common Stock per tower. We may not have the required available capital to exercise our right to purchase these or other leased or subleased
towers at the end of the applicable period. Even if we do have available capital, we may choose not to exercise our right to purchase such towers for business or other reasons. In the event that we do not exercise these purchase rights, or are
otherwise unable to acquire an interest that would allow us to continue to operate these towers after the applicable period, we will lose the cash flows derived from such towers, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. In the event
that we decide to exercise these purchase rights, the benefits of the acquisitions of such towers may not exceed the associated acquisition, compliance and integration costs, and our financial results could be adversely affected. 

Our towers may be affected by natural disasters and other unforeseen damage for which our insurance may not provide adequate coverage. 

Our towers are subject to risks associated with natural disasters, such as ice and wind storms, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes, as well as
other unforeseen damage. Any damage or destruction to our towers as a result of these or other risks would impact our ability to provide services to our customers and could impact our results of operation and financial condition. For example, as a
result of the severe hurricane activity in 2005, approximately 25 of our broadcast and wireless communications sites in the southeastern United States and Mexico suffered material damage and many more suffered lesser damage. While we maintain
insurance that provided sufficient coverage for this incident, we may not have adequate insurance to cover the associated costs of repair or reconstruction for a future major event. Further, we carry business interruption insurance, but such
insurance may not adequately cover all of our lost revenues, including potential revenues from new tenants that could have been added to our towers but for the damage. If we are unable to provide services to our customers as a result of damage to
our towers, it could lead to customer loss, resulting in a corresponding adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our costs could increase and our revenues could decrease due to perceived health risks from radio emissions, especially if these perceived risks are substantiated. 

Public perception of possible health risks associated with cellular and other wireless communications media could slow the growth of wireless companies,
which could in turn slow our growth. In particular, negative public perception of, and regulations regarding, these perceived health risks could slow the market acceptance of wireless communications services and increase opposition to the
development and expansion of tower sites. The potential connection between radio frequency emissions and certain negative health effects has been the subject of substantial study by the scientific community in recent years, and numerous
health-related lawsuits have been 

17 

Table of Contents

filed against wireless carriers and wireless device manufacturers. If a scientific study or court decision resulted in a finding that radio frequency
emissions posed health risks to consumers, it could negatively impact the market for wireless services, as well as our wireless carrier customers, which would adversely affect our operations, costs and revenues. We do not maintain any significant
insurance with respect to these matters. 

Our historical stock option granting practices are subject to ongoing governmental proceedings, which could
result in fines, penalties or other liability. 

In May 2006, we announced that our Board of Directors had established a special
committee of independent directors to conduct a review of our stock option granting practices and related accounting. Subsequent to the formation of the special committee, we received an informal letter of inquiry from the SEC, a subpoena from the
office of the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York and an information document request from the Internal Revenue Service, each requesting documents and information related to our stock option grants and practices. We also
received a request for information from the Department of Labor, which concluded its review in September 2008, with no action taken against us. We are cooperating with these governmental authorities to provide the requested documents and
information. These governmental proceedings are ongoing, and the time period necessary to resolve these proceedings is uncertain and could require significant additional management and financial resources. Significant legal and accounting expenses
related to these matters have been incurred to date, and we may continue to incur expenses in the future. Depending on the outcomes of these proceedings, we and members of our senior management could be subject to regulatory fines, penalties,
enforcement actions or other liability, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, as a result of the special committee’s findings, we restated our historical
financial statements for certain periods prior to March 31, 2006 to, among other things, record changes for stock-based compensation expense (and related tax effects) relating to certain past stock option grants. 

Pending civil litigation relating to our historical stock option granting practices exposes us to risks and uncertainties. 

We and certain current and former directors and officers are defendants in a state consolidated shareholder derivative action relating to our historical
stock option granting practices and related accounting. This action was dismissed in October 2007, and that decision was appealed by the plaintiffs. In June 2008, the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court elected, on its own motion, to hear the
appeal, which remains pending. If the appeal is successful, then the litigation could continue. In this circumstance, the outcome could not be predicted by us with certainty and is dependent upon many factors beyond our control. If this action is
successful, however, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. This matter and any other related lawsuits that may be filed could also result in substantial costs to us and a diversion of
our management’s attention and resources, which could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. For more information regarding the litigation related to our historical stock option granting practices, please
see Item 3 of this Annual Report under the caption “Legal Proceedings” and note 16 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report.