Decrease in demand for our communications sites would materially and adversely affect our operating results, and we cannot
control that demand. 

Factors affecting the demand for our communications sites and, to a lesser extent, our network
development services, could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Those factors include: 

•

 increased use of network sharing, roaming or resale arrangements by wireless service providers; 

•

 mergers or consolidations among wireless service providers; 

•

 governmental licensing of spectrum or restricting or revoking spectrum licenses; 

•

 zoning, environmental, health or other government regulations or changes in the application and enforcement thereof; 

•

 a decrease in consumer demand for wireless services due to general economic conditions or other factors, including inflation;

•

 the ability and willingness of wireless service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure;

•

 the financial condition of wireless service providers; 

•

 delays or changes in the deployment of next generation wireless technologies; and 

•

 technological changes. 

Any downturn in the economy or disruption in the financial and credit markets could impact consumer demand for wireless services. If wireless service subscribers significantly reduce their minutes of
use, or fail to 

11 

Table of Contents

widely adopt and use wireless data applications, our wireless service provider tenants could experience a decrease in demand for their services. As a result, our tenants may scale back their
capital expenditure plans, which could materially and adversely affect leasing demand for our communications sites and our network development services business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or
financial condition. 

Furthermore, the demand for broadcast space in the United States and Mexico depends on the needs of
television and radio broadcasters. Among other things, technological advances, including the development of satellite-delivered radio and video services, may reduce the need for tower-based broadcast transmission. In addition, any significant
increase in attrition rate or decrease in overall demand for broadcast space could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

If our tenants share site infrastructure to a significant degree or consolidate or merge, our growth, revenue and ability to generate positive cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

Extensive sharing of site infrastructure, roaming or resale arrangements among wireless service providers as an
alternative to leasing our communications sites may cause new lease activity to slow if carriers utilize shared equipment rather than deploy new equipment, or may result in the decommissioning of equipment on certain existing sites because portions
of the tenants’ networks may become redundant. In addition, significant consolidation among our tenants may materially adversely affect our growth and revenues. For example, in the United States, recently combined companies have either
rationalized or announced plans to rationalize duplicative parts of their networks, which may result in the decommissioning of certain equipment on our communications sites. We would expect a similar outcome in certain other countries where we do
business if consolidation of certain tenants occurs. In addition, certain combined companies have modernized or are currently modernizing their networks, and these and other tenants could determine not to renew leases with us as a result. Our
ongoing contractual revenues and our future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are not renewed. 

Our business is subject to government regulations and changes in current or future laws or regulations could restrict our ability to operate our
business as we currently do. 

Our business and that of our tenants are subject to federal, state, local and foreign
regulations. In certain jurisdictions, these regulations could be applied or enforced retroactively. Zoning authorities and community organizations are often opposed to the construction in their communities, which can delay, prevent or increase the
cost of new tower construction, modifications, additions of new antennas to a site or site upgrades, thereby limiting our ability to respond to tenant demands and requirements. In addition, in certain foreign jurisdictions, we are required to pay
annual license fees, and these fees may be subject to substantial increases by the government. Foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and currently are not required to pay license fees may enact license fees, which may apply retroactively. In
certain foreign jurisdictions, there may be changes to zoning regulations or construction laws based on site location which may result in increased costs to modify certain of our existing towers or decreased revenue due to the removal of certain
towers to ensure compliance with such changes. Existing regulatory policies may materially and adversely affect the associated timing or cost of such projects and additional regulations may be adopted that increase delays or result in additional
costs to us, or that prevent such projects in certain locations. Furthermore, the tax laws, regulations and interpretations governing REITs may change at any time. These factors could materially and adversely affect our business, results of
operations or financial condition. 

Our leverage and debt service obligations may materially and adversely affect us.

As of December 31, 2013, we had approximately $14.5 billion of consolidated debt and the ability to borrow
additional amounts of approximately $2.0 billion under our credit facilities, net of any outstanding letters of credit. Our leverage could render us unable to generate cash sufficient to pay when due the principal of,

12 

Table of Contents

interest on, or other amounts due with respect to, our indebtedness. We are also permitted, subject to certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness, to draw down on our credit facilities
and obtain additional long-term debt and working capital lines of credit to meet future financing needs. 

Our leverage could
have significant negative consequences on our business, results of operations or financial condition, including: 

•

 impairing our ability to meet one or more of the financial ratio covenants contained in our debt agreements or to generate cash sufficient to pay
interest or principal due under those agreements, which could result in an acceleration of some or all of our outstanding debt and the loss of the towers securing such debt if an uncured default occurs; 

•

 increasing our borrowing costs if our current investment grade debt ratings decline; 

•

 placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage to less leveraged competitors and competitors that may have better access to capital resources,
including with respect to acquiring assets; 

•

 limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing, thereby increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry
conditions; 

•

 requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of our cash flow
available for other purposes, including capital expenditures or REIT distributions; 

•

 requiring us to issue debt or equity securities or to sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, to meet payment obligations;

•

 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we compete; and

•

 limiting our ability to repurchase our common stock or make distributions to our stockholders. 

In addition, to meet the REIT distribution requirements and maintain our qualification and taxation as a REIT, we may need to borrow
funds, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable, and the REIT distribution requirements may increase the financing we need to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives. This would increase our total
leverage. 

Increasing competition in the tower industry may materially and adversely affect us. 

We may experience increased competition, which could make the acquisition of high quality assets significantly more costly. Some of our
competitors, such as wireless carriers that allow collocation on their towers, are larger and may have greater financial resources than we do, while other competitors may have lower return on investment criteria than we do. 

Our industry is highly competitive and our tenants have numerous alternatives in leasing antenna space. Competitive pricing for tenants
on towers from competitors could materially and adversely affect our lease rates and services income. In addition, we may not be able to renew existing tenant leases or enter into new tenant leases, resulting in a material adverse impact on our
results of operations and growth rate. 

The higher prices for assets, combined with the competitive pricing pressure on tenant
leases, could make it more difficult to achieve our return on investment criteria. Increasing competition for either tower assets or tenants could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

Our expansion initiatives involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our operating results, disrupt our
operations or expose us to additional risk if we are not able to successfully integrate operations, assets and personnel. 

As we continue to acquire communications sites in our existing markets and expand into new markets, we are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including not meeting our return on investment
criteria and 

13 

Table of Contents

financial objectives, increased costs, assumed liabilities and the diversion of managerial attention due to acquisitions. Achieving the benefits of acquisitions depends in part on timely and
efficiently integrating operations, communications tower portfolios and personnel. Integration may be difficult and unpredictable for many reasons, including, among other things, differing systems and processes, cultural differences, customary
business practices and conflicting policies, procedures and operations. In addition, integrating businesses may significantly burden management and internal resources, including the potential loss or unavailability of key personnel. 

Furthermore, our international expansion initiatives are subject to additional risks such as complex laws, regulations and business
practices that may require additional resources and personnel, and the other risks described immediately below in “—Our foreign operations are subject to economic, political and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our
revenues or financial position, including risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.” As a result, our foreign operations and expansion initiatives may not succeed and may materially and adversely affect our
business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our foreign operations are subject to economic, political and other risks that
could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position, including risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Our international business operations and our expansion into new markets in the future could result in adverse financial consequences and operational problems not typically experienced in the United
States. For the year ended December 31, 2013, approximately 33% of our consolidated revenue was generated by our international operations, compared to 30% for the year ended December 31, 2012. We anticipate that our revenues from our
international operations will continue to grow. Accordingly, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including: 

•

 changes to existing or new tax laws, methodologies impacting our international operations, or fees directed specifically at the ownership and operation
of communications sites or our international acquisitions, which may be applied or enforced retroactively; 

•

 laws or regulations that tax or otherwise restrict repatriation of earnings or other funds or otherwise limit distributions of capital;

•

 changes in a specific country’s or region’s political or economic conditions, including inflation or currency devaluation;

•

 changes to zoning regulations or construction laws, which could retroactively be applied to our existing communications sites;

•

 expropriation or governmental regulation restricting foreign ownership or requiring reversion or divestiture; 

•

 actions restricting or revoking spectrum licenses or suspending business under prior licenses; 

•

 potential failure to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or similar local anti-bribery laws, or Office of Foreign
Assets Control requirements; 

•

 material site security issues; 

•

 significant license surcharges; 

•

 increases in the cost of labor (as a result of unionization or otherwise), power and other goods and services required for our operations;

•

 price setting or other similar laws for the sharing of passive infrastructure; and 

•

 uncertain rulings or results from legal or judicial systems, including inconsistencies among and within laws, regulations and decrees, and judicial
application thereof, which may be enforced retroactively, and delays in the judicial process. 

14 

Table of Contents

We also face risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including
those arising from our operations, investments and financing transactions related to our international business. Volatility in foreign currency exchange rates can also affect our ability to plan, forecast and budget for our international operations
and expansion efforts. Our revenues earned from our international operations are primarily denominated in their respective local currencies. We have not historically engaged in significant currency hedging activities relating to our
non-U.S. Dollar operations, and a weakening of these foreign currencies against the U.S. Dollar would negatively impact our reported revenues, operating profits and income. 

In our international operations, many of our tenants are subsidiaries of global telecommunications companies. These subsidiaries may not
have the explicit or implied financial support of their parent entities. 

In addition, as we continue to invest in joint
venture opportunities internationally, our partners may have business or economic goals that are inconsistent with ours, be in positions to take action contrary to our interests, policies or objectives, have competing interests in our, or other,
markets that could create conflict of interest issues, withhold consents contrary to our requests or become unable or unwilling to fulfill their commitments, any of which could expose us to additional liabilities or costs, including requiring us to
assume and fulfill the obligations of that joint venture. 

A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a small number of
tenants, and we are sensitive to changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our tenants. 

A substantial
portion of our total operating revenues is derived from a small number of tenants. For the year ended December 31, 2013, four tenants accounted for approximately 83% of our domestic rental and management segment revenue; and five tenants
accounted for approximately 55% of our international rental and management segment revenue. If any of these tenants is unwilling or unable to perform its obligations under our agreements with it, our revenues, results of operations, financial
condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. In the ordinary course of our business, we do occasionally experience disputes with our tenants, generally regarding the interpretation of terms in our leases. We have historically
resolved these disputes in a manner that did not have a material adverse effect on us or our tenant relationships. However, it is possible that such disputes could lead to a termination of our leases with tenants or a material modification of the
terms of those leases, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. If we are forced to resolve any of these disputes through litigation, our relationship with the applicable
tenant could be terminated or damaged, which could lead to decreased revenue or increased costs, resulting in a corresponding adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Additionally, due to the long-term nature of our tenant leases, we depend on the continued financial strength of our tenants. Many
wireless service providers operate with substantial leverage. Sometimes our tenants face financial difficulty or file for bankruptcy. In addition, many of our tenants and potential tenants rely on capital raising activities to fund their operations
and capital expenditures. Downturns in the economy and disruptions in the financial and credit markets have periodically made it more difficult and more expensive to raise capital. If our tenants or potential tenants are unable to raise adequate
capital to fund their business plans, they may reduce their spending, which could materially and adversely affect demand for our communications sites and our network development services business. If, as a result of a prolonged economic downturn or
otherwise, one or more of our significant tenants experienced financial difficulties or filed for bankruptcy, it could result in uncollectible accounts receivable and an impairment of our deferred rent asset, tower asset, network location intangible
asset or customer-related intangible asset. The loss of significant tenants, or the loss of all or a portion of our anticipated lease revenues from certain tenants, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or
financial condition. 

We may fail to realize the growth prospects and cost savings anticipated as a result of, and will incur
significant transaction and acquisition-related integration costs in connection with, our acquisition of MIPT. 

The
success of the acquisition of MIPT will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated business opportunities and growth prospects from combining our business with those of MIPT. We may never realize

15 

Table of Contents

these business opportunities and growth prospects, or we may encounter unanticipated accounting, internal control, regulatory or compliance problems. 

In addition, we and MIPT have operated independently. As a result, there may be a disruption of each company’s ongoing businesses,
tax costs or inefficiencies, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, information technology systems, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with tenants, employees or other third parties
or our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition and could harm our financial performance. We anticipate that we will incur certain non-recurring charges in connection with integrating MIPT, including severance and charges
associated with integrating process and systems. We currently cannot identify the timing, nature and amount of all such charges. Further, the significant acquisition-related integration costs could materially adversely affect our results of
operations in the period in which such charges are recorded or our cash flow in the period in which any related costs are actually paid. Although we believe that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies
related to this integration, will offset incremental transaction and acquisition-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. We also expect to incur costs to implement such efficiencies. In that regard,
because MIPT is a private company, we may be required to improve MIPT’s internal controls, procedures and policies to meet standards applicable to public companies, which may be time-consuming and more expensive than anticipated. 

New technologies or changes in a tenant’s business model could make our tower leasing business less desirable and result in decreasing
revenues. 

The development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless
networks or changes in a tenant’s business model could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services, decrease demand for tower space or reduce previously obtainable lease rates. In addition, tenants may have less of their budgets allocated
to lease space on our towers, as the industry is trending towards deploying increased capital to the development and implementation of new technologies. Examples of these technologies include spectrally efficient technologies, which could relieve a
portion of our tenants’ network capacity needs and as a result, could reduce the demand for tower-based antenna space. Additionally, certain small cell complementary network technologies could shift a portion of our tenants’ network
investments away from the traditional tower-based networks, which may reduce the need for carriers to add more equipment at certain communications sites. Moreover, the emergence of alternative technologies could reduce the need for tower-based
broadcast services transmission and reception. For example, the growth in the delivery of wireless communications, radio and video services by direct broadcast satellites could materially and adversely affect demand for our tower space. Further, a
tenant may decide to no longer outsource tower infrastructure or otherwise change its business model, which would result in a decrease in our revenue. The development and implementation of any of these and similar technologies to any significant
degree or changes in a tenant’s business model could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

If we fail to remain qualified as a REIT, we will be subject to tax at corporate income tax rates, which may substantially reduce funds otherwise available. 

Effective for the taxable year beginning January 1, 2012, we began operating as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. If we fail to
remain qualified as a REIT, we will be taxed at corporate income tax rates unless certain relief provisions apply. 

Qualification as a REIT requires application of certain highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the “Code”), which provisions may change from time to time, to our operations as well as various factual determinations concerning matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. There are limited judicial or
administrative interpretations of the relevant provisions of the Code. 

If, in any taxable year, we fail to qualify for
taxation as a REIT, and are not entitled to relief under the Code: 

•

 we will not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income; 

16 

Table of Contents

•

 we will be subject to federal and state income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate tax
rates; and 

•

 we will be disqualified from REIT tax treatment for the four taxable years immediately following the year during which we were so disqualified.

Any corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for other
purposes. If we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may need to borrow additional funds or liquidate some investments to pay any additional tax liability. Accordingly, funds available for investment and operations would be reduced.

Furthermore, as a result of our acquisition of MIPT, we own an interest in a subsidiary REIT. The subsidiary REIT is
independently subject to, and must comply with, the same REIT requirements that we must satisfy in order to qualify as a REIT, together with all other rules applicable to REITs. If the subsidiary REIT fails to qualify as a REIT, and certain relief
provisions do not apply, then (i) the subsidiary REIT would become subject to federal income tax, (ii) the subsidiary REIT will be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years immediately following the year during which
qualification was lost, (iii) our ownership of shares in such subsidiary REIT will cease to be a qualifying asset for purposes of the asset tests applicable to REITs and any dividend income or gains derived by us from such subsidiary REIT may
cease to be treated as income that qualifies for purposes of the 75% gross income test and (iv) we may fail certain of the asset tests applicable to REITs, in which event we will fail to qualify as a REIT unless we are able to avail ourselves
of certain relief provisions. 

We may be limited in our ability to fund required distributions using cash generated through our TRSs.

As a REIT, we must distribute to our stockholders an amount equal to at least 90% of the REIT taxable income
(determined before the deduction for distributed earnings and excluding any net capital gain). Our ability to receive distributions from our TRSs to fund these distributions is limited by the rules with which we must comply to maintain our status as
a REIT. In particular, at least 75% of our gross income for each taxable year as a REIT must be derived from real estate, which principally includes gross income from the leasing of our communications sites and qualified rental-related services.
Consequently, no more than 25% of our gross income may consist of dividend income from our TRSs and other non-qualifying types of income. Thus, our ability to receive distributions from our TRSs may be limited and may impact our ability to fund
distributions to our stockholders. 

In addition, the majority of our income and cash flows from our TRSs are generated from
our international operations. In many cases, there are local withholding taxes and currency controls that may impact our ability or willingness to repatriate funds to the United States to help satisfy REIT distribution requirements. 

Complying with REIT requirements may limit our flexibility or cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. 

Our use of TRSs enables us to engage in non-REIT qualifying business activities. Under the Code, no more than 25% of the value of the
assets of a REIT may be represented by securities of one or more TRSs and other non-qualifying assets. This limitation may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments, including the purchase of non-qualifying assets, the expansion of
non-real estate activities, and investments in the businesses to be conducted by our TRSs, and to that extent limit our opportunities and our flexibility to change our business strategy. 

Specifically, this limitation may affect our ability to make additional investments in our managed networks business or network
development services segment as currently structured and operated, in other non-REIT qualifying operations or assets, or in international operations conducted through TRSs that we do not elect to bring into the REIT structure. Further, acquisition
opportunities in domestic and international markets may be 

17 

Table of Contents

adversely affected if we need or require the target company to comply with certain REIT requirements prior to closing. 

In addition, to meet our annual distribution requirements, we may be required to distribute amounts that may otherwise be used for our operations, including amounts that may otherwise be invested in
future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt, and it is possible that we might be required to borrow funds, sell assets or raise equity to fund these distributions, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable
for these borrowings, sales or offerings. 

Certain of our business activities may be subject to corporate level income tax and foreign
taxes, which reduce our cash flows, and may create deferred and contingent tax liabilities. 

We are subject to certain
federal, state, local and foreign taxes on our income and assets, including alternative minimum taxes, taxes on any undistributed income and state, local or foreign income, franchise, property and transfer taxes. Any of these taxes would decrease
our earnings and our available cash. 

Our TRS assets and operations will continue to be subject, as applicable, to federal and
state corporate income taxes and to foreign taxes in the jurisdictions in which those assets and operations are located. 

We may need
additional financing to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives and to satisfy our REIT distribution requirements. 

To fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives and to satisfy our REIT distribution requirements, we may need to raise additional capital through financing activities, sell assets
or raise equity. We believe our cash provided by operations for the year ending December 31, 2014 will sufficiently fund our cash needs for operations, capital expenditures, required REIT distribution payments and cash debt service (interest
and principal repayments) obligations through 2014. However, we anticipate that we may need to obtain additional sources of capital in the future to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives and satisfy our REIT distribution
requirements. Depending on market conditions, we may seek to raise capital through credit facilities or debt or equity offerings. An increase in our outstanding debt could lead to a downgrade of our credit rating. A downgrade of our credit
rating below investment grade could negatively impact our ability to access credit markets or preclude us from obtaining funds on investment grade terms and conditions. Further, certain of our current debt instruments limit the amount of
indebtedness we and our subsidiaries may incur. Additional financing, therefore, may be unavailable, more expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness. If we are unable to raise capital when our needs arise, we may not be
able to fund our capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives or satisfy our REIT distribution requirements. 

If we are
unable to protect our rights to the land under our towers, it could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Our real property interests relating to our towers consist primarily of leasehold and sub-leasehold interests, fee interests, easements,
licenses and rights-of-way. A loss of these interests at a particular tower site may interfere with our ability to operate a tower and generate revenues. For various reasons, we may not always have the ability to access, analyze and verify all
information regarding titles and other issues prior to completing an acquisition of communications sites, which can affect our rights to access and operate a site. From time to time we also experience disputes with landowners regarding the terms of
ground agreements for land under towers, which can affect our ability to access and operate tower sites. Further, for various reasons, landowners may not want to renew their ground agreements with us, they may lose their rights to the land, or they
may transfer their land interests to third parties, including ground lease aggregators, which could affect our ability to renew ground agreements on commercially viable terms. Approximately 88% of the communications sites in our portfolio as of
December 31, 2013 are located on land we lease pursuant to operating leases. Approximately 74% of the ground 

18 

Table of Contents

leases for these sites have a final expiration date of 2023 and beyond. Further, for various reasons, title to property interests in some of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may not
be as certain as title to our property interests in the United States. Our inability to protect our rights to the land under our towers may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

If we are unable or choose not to exercise our rights to purchase towers that are subject to lease and sublease agreements at the end of the
applicable period, our cash flows derived from such towers will be eliminated. 

Our communications real estate
portfolio includes towers that we operate pursuant to lease and sublease agreements that include a purchase option at the end of each lease period. We may not have the required available capital to exercise our right to purchase leased or subleased
towers at the end of the applicable period, or we may choose, for business or other reasons not to exercise our right to purchase such towers. In the event that we do not exercise these purchase rights, or are otherwise unable to acquire an interest
that would allow us to continue to operate these towers after the applicable period, we will lose the cash flows derived from such towers. In the event that we decide to exercise these purchase rights, the benefits of the acquisitions of a
significant number of towers may not exceed the associated acquisition, compliance and integration costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Restrictive covenants in the agreements related to our securitization transactions, our credit facilities and our debt securities could materially
and adversely affect our business by limiting flexibility. 

The agreements related to our securitization transactions
include operating covenants and other restrictions customary for loans subject to rated securitizations. Among other things, the borrowers under the agreements are prohibited from incurring other indebtedness for borrowed money or further
encumbering their assets. A failure to comply with the covenants in the agreements could prevent the borrowers from taking certain actions with respect to the secured assets and could prevent the borrowers from distributing any excess cash from the
operation of such assets to us. If the borrowers were to default on any of the loans, the servicer on such loan could seek to foreclose upon or otherwise convert the ownership of the secured assets, in which case we could lose such assets and the
cash flow associated with such assets. 

The agreements for our credit facilities contain restrictive covenants, as well as
requirements to comply with certain leverage and other financial maintenance tests, and could thus limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, guaranteeing indebtedness or making distributions to stockholders, and
engaging in various types of transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and sales of assets. Additionally, our debt agreements restrict our and our subsidiaries’ ability to incur liens securing our or their indebtedness. These covenants
could have an adverse effect on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, new tower development, mergers and acquisitions or other opportunities. Further, if these limits prevent us from satisfying our REIT distribution
requirements, we could fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT. If these limits do not jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a REIT but nevertheless prevent us from distributing 100% of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to federal
corporate income tax, and potentially a nondeductible excise tax, on the retained amounts. 

In addition, reporting and
information covenants in our credit agreements and indentures require that we provide financial and operating information within certain time periods. If we are unable to timely provide the required information, we would be in breach of these
covenants. For more information regarding the covenants and requirements discussed above, please see Item 7 of this Annual Report under the caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Factors Affecting Sources of Liquidity” and note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 

19 

Table of Contents

We may incur goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges, which could result in a
significant reduction to our earnings. 

In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States (“GAAP”), we are required to assess our goodwill and other intangible assets annually or more frequently in the event of circumstances indicating potential impairment to determine if they are impaired. These circumstances could
include a decline in our actual or expected future cash flows or income, a significant adverse change in the business climate, a decline in market capitalization, or slower growth rates in our industry, among others. If the testing performed
indicates that an asset may not be recoverable, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill or other intangible assets and the implied fair value of the goodwill or other
intangible assets in the period the determination is made. 

It is possible that in the future, we may be required to record
impairment charges for our goodwill or for other intangible assets. These charges could be significant, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our costs could increase and our revenues could decrease due to perceived health risks from radio emissions, especially if these perceived risks
are substantiated. 

Public perception of possible health risks associated with cellular and other wireless
communications technology could slow the growth of wireless companies, which could in turn slow our growth. In particular, negative public perception of, and regulations regarding, these perceived health risks could undermine the market acceptance
of wireless communications services and increase opposition to the development and expansion of tower sites. The potential connection between radio frequency emissions and certain negative health or environmental effects has been the subject of
substantial study by the scientific community in recent years and numerous health-related lawsuits have been filed against wireless carriers and wireless device manufacturers. If a scientific study or court decision resulted in a finding that radio
frequency emissions pose health risks to consumers, it could negatively impact our tenants and the market for wireless services, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. We do not
maintain any significant insurance with respect to these matters. 

We could have liability under environmental and occupational safety
and health laws. 

Our operations are subject to the requirements of various federal, state, local and foreign
environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations, including those relating to the management, use, storage, disposal, emission and remediation of, and exposure to, hazardous and non-hazardous substances, materials and wastes. As
the owner, lessee or operator of real property and facilities, we may be liable for substantial costs of investigation, removal or remediation of soil and groundwater contaminated by hazardous materials, and for damages and costs relating to
off-site migration of hazardous materials, without regard to whether we, as the owner, lessee or operator, knew of, or were responsible for, the contamination. We may also be liable for certain costs of remediating contamination at third-party sites
to which we sent waste for disposal, even if the original disposal may have complied with all legal requirements at the time. Many of these laws and regulations contain information reporting and record keeping requirements. We cannot assure you that
we are at all times in complete compliance with all environmental requirements. We may be subject to potentially significant fines or penalties if we fail to comply with any of these requirements. The requirements of these laws and regulations are
complex, change frequently and could become more stringent in the future. In certain jurisdictions these laws and regulations could be applied or enforced retroactively. It is possible that these requirements will change or that liabilities will
arise in the future in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

20 

Table of Contents

Our towers or data centers may be affected by natural disasters and other unforeseen events for which
our insurance may not provide adequate coverage. 

Our towers are subject to risks associated with natural disasters,
such as ice and wind storms, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes, as well as other unforeseen events. Any damage or destruction to our towers or data centers, or certain unforeseen events, may impact our ability to provide services to our
tenants. While we maintain insurance coverage for natural disasters, we may not have adequate insurance to cover the associated costs of repair or reconstruction for a major future event. Further, we carry business interruption insurance, but our
insurance may not adequately cover all of our lost revenues, including potential revenues from new tenants that could have been added to our towers but for the event. If we are unable to provide services to our tenants, it could lead to tenant loss,
resulting in a corresponding material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.