Decrease in demand for tower space would materially
and adversely affect our operating results and we cannot control that demand. 

Many of the factors affecting the demand for wireless
communications tower space, and to a lesser extent our network development services business, could adversely affect our operating results. Those factors include: 

•

 a decrease in consumer demand for wireless services due to general economic conditions or other factors; 

•

 the financial condition of wireless service providers; 

•

 the ability and willingness of wireless service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures; 

•

 the growth rate of wireless communications or of a particular wireless segment; 

•

 governmental licensing of spectrum; 

•

 mergers or consolidations among wireless service providers; 

•

 increased use of network sharing, roaming or resale arrangements by wireless service providers; 

•

 delays or changes in the deployment of 3G or other technologies; 

•

 zoning, environmental, health or other government regulations; and 

•

 technological changes. 

The demand
for broadcast antenna space is dependent on the needs of television and radio broadcasters. Among other things, technological advances, including the development of satellite-delivered radio and video 

10 

Table of Contents

services, may reduce the need for tower-based broadcast transmission. In addition, our broadcast tower division could be affected adversely as a result of
the shift from analog-based transmissions to digital-based transmissions, which is scheduled to occur by February 2009. 

If our wireless service
provider customers consolidate or merge with each other to a significant degree, our growth, revenue and ability to generate positive cash flows could be adversely affected. 

Significant consolidation among our wireless service provider customers may result in the decommissioning of certain existing communication sites, because
certain portions of their networks may be redundant, and a reduction in future capital expenditures in the aggregate, because their expansion plans may be similar. For example, in connection with the recent combinations of Cingular and AT&T
Wireless (to form AT&T Mobility) and Sprint PCS and Nextel (to form Sprint Nextel) in the United States, and of Iusacell Celular and Unefon (now under the common ownership of Grupo Iusacell) in Mexico, the combined companies have or are
considering rationalizing their duplicative networks, which has led and may continue to lead to the decommissioning of certain communications sites. In addition, these and other customers could determine not to renew leases with us as a result. Our
future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these contracts are terminated, and our ongoing contractual revenues would be reduced as a result. Similar consequences might occur if wireless service providers engage in
extensive sharing, roaming or resale arrangements as an alternative to leasing our antenna space. 

Substantial leverage and debt service obligations
may adversely affect us. 

We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2007, we had approximately $4.3
billion of consolidated debt. Our substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay when due the principal of, interest on, or other amounts due with respect to our indebtedness. In
addition, we draw down our Revolving Credit Facility in the ordinary course, which has the effect of increasing our indebtedness. We are also permitted, subject to certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness, to obtain additional long-term
debt and working capital lines of credit to meet future financing needs. This would have the effect of increasing our total leverage. 

Our
substantial leverage could have significant negative consequences on our financial condition and results of operations, including: 

•

 impairing our ability to meet one or more of the financial ratio covenants contained in our debt agreements or to generate cash sufficient to pay interest or
principal, which could result in an acceleration of some or all of our outstanding debt and the loss of towers subject to the Securitization in the event that an uncured default occurs; 

•

 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing; 

•

 requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of our cash flow available for
other purposes, including capital expenditures; 

•

 requiring us to sell debt or equity securities or to sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, to meet payment obligations;

•

 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we compete; 

•

 limiting our ability to repurchase our Class A common stock; and 

•

 placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with less leveraged competitors and competitors that may have better access to capital resources.

11 

Table of Contents

Restrictive covenants in the loan agreement for our Revolving Credit Facility, the indentures governing our debt
securities, and the loan agreement related to our Securitization could adversely affect our business by limiting flexibility. 

The
loan agreement for our Revolving Credit Facility and the indentures governing the terms of our debt securities contain restrictive covenants, as well as requirements to comply with certain leverage and other financial maintenance tests. These
covenants and requirements limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, guaranteeing indebtedness and engaging in various types of transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and sales of assets. These covenants
could place us at a disadvantage compared to some of our competitors, who may have fewer restrictive covenants and may not be required to operate under these restrictions. Further, these covenants could have an adverse effect on our business by
limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, new tower development, mergers and acquisitions or other opportunities. 

In addition,
the loan agreement related to our Securitization includes operating covenants and other restrictions customary for loans subject to rated securitizations. Among other things, our subsidiaries that are borrowers under the loan agreement for the
Securitization are prohibited from incurring other indebtedness for borrowed money or further encumbering their assets. A failure to comply with the covenants in the loan agreement could prevent the borrowers from taking certain actions with respect
to the towers subject to the Securitization, and could prevent the borrowers from distributing any excess cash from the operation of such towers to us. If the borrowers were to default on the loan, the servicer on the loan could seek to foreclose
upon or otherwise convert the ownership of the towers subject to the Securitization, in which case we could lose such towers and the revenue associated with such towers. 

In addition, reporting and information covenants in our loan agreements and indentures require that we provide financial and operating information within certain time periods. If we are unable to timely provide the
required information, we would be in breach of these covenants. For more information regarding the covenants and requirements discussed above, please see Item 7 of this Annual Report under the caption “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Factors Affecting Sources of Liquidity” and note 3 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting that, until remediated, could result in a material misstatement in our
financial statements. 

We identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting because we failed to
maintain effective controls over the accounting for income taxes. We are in the process of actively addressing and remediating this material weakness, but this process will take some time. Accordingly, until we remediate this weakness, this weakness
could result in a misstatement of our tax-related accounts that could result in a material misstatement to our interim or annual financial statements. If we are unable to effectively remediate this material weakness and to conclude that our internal
control over financial reporting is effective in any future period, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. In addition, we will incur costs
and expenses, including the hiring of additional personnel and expanding technical resources in the income tax accounting function, in connection with remediating this material weakness. For more information regarding the material weakness
identified, please see Item 9A of this Annual Report under the caption “Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting” and notes 2, 9 and 16 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual
Report. 

We could suffer adverse tax and other financial consequences if taxing authorities do not agree with our tax positions, or we are unable to
utilize our net operating losses. 

As a result of our ability to carry forward U.S. federal and state net operating losses
(“NOLs”), the applicable tax years remain open to examination until three years after the applicable loss carryforwards have been used or expired. We are currently subject to a number of tax examinations by taxing authorities in the U.S,
Mexico and Brazil for several different tax years. We also have significant deferred tax assets related to these 

12 

Table of Contents

NOLs in U.S. federal and state taxing jurisdictions and in Mexico. We expect that we will continue to be subject to tax examinations in the future. We apply
the principles contained in Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes-an Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 (“FIN 48”) and recognize tax
benefits of uncertain tax positions when we believe the positions are more likely than not of being sustained upon a challenge by the relevant tax authority. We believe our judgments in this area are reasonable and correct, but there is no guarantee
that we will be successful if challenged by a tax authority. If there are tax benefits that we have recognized under FIN 48 that are challenged successfully by a taxing authority, we may be required to pay additional taxes or we may seek to enter
into settlements with the taxing authorities, which could require significant payments or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

In addition, we may be limited in our ability to utilize our NOLs to offset future taxable income and thereby reduce our otherwise payable income taxes.
We have substantial federal and state NOLs, including significant portions obtained through acquisitions, as well as those generated through our historic business operations. In addition, we have disposed of some entities and restructured other
entities in conjunction with financing transactions and other business activities. We apply the principles contained in FIN 48 to our NOLs and, to the extent we believe that a position with respect to an NOL is not more likely than not to be
sustained, we do not record the related deferred tax asset. In addition, for NOLs that meet the recognition threshold of FIN 48, we assess the recoverability of the NOL and establish a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset related to
the NOL if recoverability is questionable. Given the uncertainty surrounding the recoverability of certain of our NOLs, we have established a valuation allowance to offset the related deferred tax asset so as to reflect what we believe to be the
recoverable portion of our NOLs. Our ability to utilize our NOLs is also dependent, in part, upon us having sufficient future earnings to utilize our NOLs before they expire. If market conditions change materially and we determine that we will be
unable to generate sufficient taxable income in the future to utilize our NOLs, we could be required to record an additional valuation allowance. We review our FIN 48 position and the valuation allowance for our NOLs periodically and make
adjustments from time to time, which can result in an increase or decrease to the net deferred tax asset related to our NOLs. Our NOLs are also subject to review and potential disallowance upon audit by the taxing authorities of the jurisdictions
where the NOLs were incurred, and future changes in tax laws or interpretations of such tax laws could limit materially our ability to utilize our NOLs. If we are unable to use our NOLs or use of our NOLs is limited, we may have to make significant
payments or otherwise record charges or reduce our deferred tax assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

Due to the long-term expectations of revenue from tenant leases, the tower industry is sensitive to the creditworthiness of its tenants. 

Due to the long-term nature of our tenant leases, we, like others in the tower industry, are dependent on the continued financial strength of our tenants.
Many wireless service providers operate with substantial leverage. In the past, we have had customers that have filed for bankruptcy, although to date these bankruptcies have not had a material adverse effect on our business or revenues. In
addition, many of our customers rely on capital raising activities to fund their operations and capital expenditures. If these customers are unable to raise adequate capital to fund their business plans, they may reduce their spending, which could
adversely affect demand for our tower sites and our network development services business. If one or more of our significant customers experience financial difficulties or file for bankruptcy, it could result in uncollectible accounts receivable and
our loss of significant customers and anticipated lease revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

Our foreign operations are subject to economic, political and other risks that could adversely affect our revenues or financial position. 

Our business operations in Mexico and Brazil, and our expansion into additional international markets, could result in adverse financial consequences and operational problems not experienced in the United States.

13 

Table of Contents

For the year ended December 31, 2007, approximately 13% of our consolidated revenues were generated by our international operations. We anticipate that
our revenues from our international operations may grow in the future. Accordingly, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including: 

•

 changes in a specific country’s or region’s political or economic conditions; 

•

 laws and regulations that restrict repatriation of earnings or other funds; 

•

 expropriation and governmental regulation restricting foreign ownership; 

•

 difficulty in recruiting and retaining trained personnel; and 

•

 language and cultural differences. 

In addition, we face risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including those arising from our operations, investments and financing transactions related to our international business. While most of the contracts
for our operations in Mexico are denominated in the U.S. dollar, many are denominated in the Mexican Peso, and contracts for our operations in Brazil are denominated in the Brazilian Real. We have not historically engaged in significant hedging
activities relating to our non-U.S. dollar operations, and we may suffer future losses as a result of adverse changes in currency exchange rates. 

A
substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a small number of customers. 

A substantial portion of our total operating
revenues is derived from a small number of customers. For the year ended December 31, 2007: 

•

 Six customers accounted for approximately 70% of our revenues; 

•

 AT&T Mobility accounted for approximately 21% of our revenues; 

•

 Sprint Nextel (including Sprint Nextel affiliates) accounted for approximately 20% of our revenues; and 

•

 Verizon Wireless accounted for approximately 11% of our revenues. 

Our largest international customer is Iusacell Celular, which completed its merger with Unefon, our second largest customer in Mexico, during the first half of 2007. Iusacell and Unefon are under common control with
TV Azteca. The combined Iusacell/Unefon accounted for approximately 5% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2007. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2007, we received $14.2 million in net interest income from TV
Azteca. 

If any of these customers is unwilling or unable to perform its obligations under our agreements with them, our revenues, results
of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be adversely affected. In the ordinary course of our business, we do occasionally experience disputes with our customers, generally regarding the interpretation of terms in our agreements.
Although we have historically resolved these disputes in a manner that did not have a material adverse effect on our Company or our customer relationships, it is possible that such disputes could lead to a termination of our agreements with
customers or a material modification of the terms of those agreements, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are forced to resolve any of these disputes through
litigation, our relationship with the applicable customer could be terminated or damaged, which could lead to decreased revenues or increased costs, resulting in a corresponding adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

We anticipate that we may need additional financing to fund our stock repurchase programs, to refinance our existing indebtedness and to
fund future growth and expansion initiatives. 

In order to fund our stock repurchase programs, refinance our existing indebtedness
and fund future growth and expansion initiatives, we may need to raise additional capital through financing activities. We believe our 

14 

Table of Contents

cash generated by operations for the year ending December 31, 2008 will be sufficient to fund our cash needs for operations, capital expenditures and
cash debt service (interest and principal repayments) obligations for 2008. Depending on the timing and amount of our stock repurchases, the excess cash generated by our operations and our existing liquidity may not be sufficient to fund all of
our other initiatives, as well as our stock repurchase programs. Accordingly, we anticipate that we may need to obtain additional sources of capital. Depending on market conditions, we may seek to raise capital through credit facilities or debt or
equity offerings. However, such additional financing may be unavailable, may be prohibitively expensive, or may be restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness. If we are unable to raise capital when our needs arise, we may not be able to
fund our stock repurchase programs, refinance our existing indebtedness or fund future growth and expansion initiatives. 

New technologies could make
our tower leasing business less desirable to potential tenants and result in decreasing revenues. 

The development and
implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks could reduce the use and need for tower-based wireless services transmission and reception and have the effect of decreasing demand for tower space. Examples
of such technologies include technologies that enhance spectral capacity, such as lower-rate vocoders, which can increase the capacity at existing sites and reduce the number of additional sites a given carrier needs to serve any given subscriber
base. In addition, the emergence of new technologies could reduce the need for tower-based broadcast services transmission and reception. For example, the growth in delivery of radio and video services by direct broadcast satellites could adversely
affect demand for our antenna space. The development and implementation of any of these and similar technologies to any significant degree could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

We could have liability under environmental laws. 

Our operations, like those of other companies engaged in similar businesses, are subject to the requirements of various federal, state and local and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations, including
those relating to the management, use, storage, disposal, emission and remediation of, and exposure to, hazardous and non-hazardous substances, materials and wastes. As the owner, lessee or operator of many thousands of real estate sites underlying
our towers, we may be liable for substantial costs of remediating soil and groundwater contaminated by hazardous materials, without regard to whether we, as the owner, lessee or operator, knew of or were responsible for the contamination. Many of
these laws and regulations contain information reporting and record keeping requirements. We cannot assure you that we are at all times in complete compliance with all environmental requirements. We may be subject to potentially significant fines or
penalties if we fail to comply with any of these requirements. The current cost of complying with these laws (including amounts we expect to pay the EPA pursuant to the Facilities Audit Agreement) is not material to our financial condition or
results of operations. However, the requirements of these laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, and could become more stringent in the future. It is possible that these requirements will change or that liabilities will arise in the
future in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our business is subject
to government regulations and changes in current or future laws or regulations could restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do. 

Our business, and that of our customers, is subject to federal, state, local and foreign regulation, including by the FAA, the FCC, the EPA and OSHA. Both the FCC and the FAA regulate towers used for wireless
communications and radio and television broadcasting and the FCC separately regulates transmitting devices operating on towers. Similar regulations exist in Mexico, Brazil and other foreign countries regarding wireless communications and the
operation of communications towers. Local zoning authorities and community organizations are often opposed to construction in their communities and these regulations can delay, prevent or increase the cost of new tower construction, modifications,
additions of new antennas to a site, or site upgrades, 

15 

Table of Contents

thereby limiting our ability to respond to customer demands and requirements. Existing regulatory policies may adversely affect the associated timing or cost
of such projects and additional regulations may be adopted which increase delays or result in additional costs to us, or that prevent such projects in certain locations. These factors could adversely affect our operations. 

Increasing competition in the tower industry may create pricing pressures that may adversely affect us. 

Our industry is highly competitive, and our customers have numerous alternatives for leasing antenna space. Some of our competitors, such as national
wireless carriers that allow collocation on their towers, are larger and have greater financial resources than we do, while other competitors are in a weaker financial condition or may have lower return on investment criteria than we do. 

Our competition includes: 

•

 national and regional tower companies; 

•

 wireless carriers that own towers and lease antenna space to other carriers; 

•

 site development companies that purchase antenna space on existing towers for wireless carriers and manage new tower construction; and 

•

 alternative site structures (e.g., building rooftops, billboards and utility poles). 

Competitive pricing pressures for tenants on towers from these competitors could adversely affect our lease rates and services income. In addition, we
may not be able to renew existing customer leases or enter into new customer leases, resulting in a material adverse impact on our results of operations and growth rate. Increasing competition could also make the acquisition of high quality tower
assets more costly. 

If we are unable to protect our rights to the land under our towers, it could adversely affect our business and operating
results. 

Our real property interests relating to our towers consist primarily of leasehold and sub-leasehold interests, fee
interests, easements, licenses and rights-of-way. A loss of these interests at a particular tower site may interfere with our ability to operate a tower and generate revenues. For various reasons, we may not always have the ability to access,
analyze and verify all information regarding titles and other issues prior to completing an acquisition of communications sites, which can affect our rights to access and operate a site. From time to time we also experience disputes with landowners
regarding the terms of ground agreements for land under a tower, which can affect our ability to access and operate a tower site. Further, for various reasons, landowners may not want to renew their ground agreements with us, or they may transfer
their land interests to third parties, including ground lease aggregators, which could affect our ability to renew ground agreements on commercially viable terms. Approximately 84% of the communications sites in our portfolio as of December 31,
2007 are located on land we do not own. Approximately 87% of the ground agreements for these sites have a final expiration date of 2017 and beyond. Our inability to protect our rights to the land under our towers may have a material adverse effect
on us. 

If we are unable or choose not to exercise our rights to purchase towers that are subject to lease and sublease agreements at the end of the
applicable period, our cash flows derived from such towers would be eliminated. 

Our communications site portfolio includes towers
that we operate pursuant to lease and sublease agreements that include a purchase option at the end of each lease period. If we are unable or choose not to exercise our rights to purchase towers under these agreements at the end of the applicable
period, our cash flows derived from such towers would be eliminated. For example, our SpectraSite subsidiary has entered into lease or sublease agreements with affiliates of SBC Communications, a predecessor entity to AT&T Mobility, with respect
to approximately 2,500 towers pursuant to which SpectraSite has the option to purchase the sites upon the 

16 

Table of Contents

expiration of the lease or sublease beginning in 2013. The aggregate purchase option price for the AT&T Mobility towers was approximately $341.2 million
as of December 31, 2007, and will accrete at a rate of 10% per year to the applicable expiration of the lease or sublease of a site. In addition, we have entered into a similar agreement with ALLTEL Communications, Inc.
(“ALLTEL”) with respect to approximately 1,800 towers, for which we have an option to purchase the sites upon the expiration of the lease or sublease beginning in 2016. The aggregate purchase option price for the ALLTEL towers was
approximately $59.6 million as of December 31, 2007, and will accrete at a rate of 3% per year through the expiration of the lease or sublease period. At ALLTEL’s option, at the expiration of the sublease period, the purchase price
will be payable in cash or with 769 shares of our Class A common stock per tower. We may not have the required available capital to exercise our right to purchase these or other leased or subleased towers at the end of the applicable period.
Even if we do have available capital, we may choose not to exercise our right to purchase such towers for business or other reasons. In the event that we do not exercise these purchase rights, or are otherwise unable to acquire an interest that
would allow us to continue to operate these towers after the applicable period, we will lose the cash flows derived from such towers, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. In the event that we decide to exercise these purchase
rights, the benefits of the acquisitions of such towers may not exceed the associated acquisition, compliance and integration costs, and our financial results could be adversely affected. 

Our towers may be affected by natural disasters and other unforeseen damage for which our insurance may not provide adequate coverage. 

Our towers are subject to risks associated with natural disasters, such as ice and wind storms, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes, as well as
other unforeseen damage. Any damage or destruction to our towers as a result of these or other risks would impact our ability to provide services to our customers and could impact our results of operation and financial condition. For example, as a
result of the severe hurricane activity in 2005, approximately 25 of our broadcast and wireless communications sites in the southeastern United States and Mexico suffered material damage and many more suffered lesser damage. While we maintain
insurance, including business interruption insurance, for our towers against these risks, we may not have adequate insurance to cover the associated costs of repair or reconstruction. Further, such business interruption insurance may not adequately
cover all of our lost revenues, including potential revenues from new tenants that could have been added to our towers but for the damage. If we are unable to provide services to our customers as a result of damage to our towers, it could lead to
customer loss, resulting in a corresponding adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our costs could increase
and our revenues could decrease due to perceived health risks from radio emissions, especially if these perceived risks are substantiated. 

Public perception of possible health risks associated with cellular and other wireless communications media could slow the growth of wireless companies, which could in turn slow our growth. In particular, negative public perception of, and
regulations regarding, these perceived health risks could slow the market acceptance of wireless communications services and increase opposition to the development and expansion of tower sites. The potential connection between radio frequency
emissions and certain negative health effects has been the subject of substantial study by the scientific community in recent years, and numerous health-related lawsuits have been filed against wireless carriers and wireless device manufacturers. If
a scientific study or court decision resulted in a finding that radio frequency emissions posed health risks to consumers, it could negatively impact the market for wireless services, as well as our wireless carrier customers, which would adversely
affect our operations, costs and revenues. We do not maintain any significant insurance with respect to these matters. 

Our historical stock option
granting practices are subject to ongoing governmental proceedings, which could result in fines, penalties or other liability. 

In
May 2006, we announced that our Board of Directors had established a special committee of independent directors to conduct a review of our stock option granting practices and related accounting. Subsequent to the 

17 

Table of Contents

formation of the special committee, we received an informal letter of inquiry from the SEC, a subpoena from the office of the United States Attorney for the
Eastern District of New York, information document requests from the Internal Revenue Service and requests for information from the Department of Labor, each requesting documents and information related to our stock option grants and practices. We
are cooperating with these governmental authorities to provide the requested documents and information. These governmental proceedings are ongoing, and the time period necessary to resolve these proceedings is uncertain and could require significant
additional management and financial resources. Significant legal and accounting expenses related to these matters have been incurred to date, and we will continue to incur expenses in the future. Depending on the outcomes of these proceedings, we
and members of our senior management could be subject to regulatory fines, penalties, enforcement actions or other liability, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations and liquidity. In addition,
as a result of the special committee’s findings, we restated our historical financial statements to, among other things, record changes for stock-based compensation expense (and related tax effects) relating to certain past stock option grants.

Pending civil litigation relating to our historical stock option granting practices exposes us to risks and uncertainties. 

We and certain current and former directors and officers are defendants in a purported federal securities class action and two consolidated shareholder
derivative actions relating to our historical stock option granting practices and related accounting. In December 2007, we announced that we had reached a settlement in principle regarding the class action. The settlement, which was preliminarily
approved by the court in February 2008, provides for a payment by us of $14 million and would lead to a dismissal of all claims against all defendants in the litigation. We have reached agreements with our insurers related to the settlement,
pursuant to which we expect to receive approximately $12.5 million in insurance proceeds. We will satisfy our obligations under the settlement agreement by making the required payment to an escrow account controlled by the plaintiffs. However, the
settlement will not be final until the court disposes of any objections to, or appeals of, the settlement by members of the plaintiff class. The consolidated shareholder derivative actions filed in Massachusetts state court and in federal district
court in Massachusetts were dismissed in October 2007 and February 2008, respectively. The decision of the Massachusetts state court has since been appealed by the plaintiffs. If the appeal is successful or the class action settlement is overturned,
then the litigation would continue. In those circumstances, the outcomes of the class action and derivative actions could not be predicted by us with certainty and are dependent upon many factors beyond our control. If these actions are successful,
however, they could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity. These matters and any other related lawsuits that may be filed could also result in substantial costs to us and a diversion of our
management’s attention and resources, which could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. For more information regarding the litigation related to our historical stock option granting practices, please see
“Legal Proceedings” below and note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report.