Decrease in demand
for our communications sites would materially and adversely affect our operating results and we cannot control that demand. 

Many of the factors affecting the demand for our communications sites, and to a lesser extent our network development services, could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Those factors
include: 

•

 a decrease in consumer demand for wireless services due to general economic conditions or other factors; 

•

 the financial condition of wireless service providers; 

•

 the ability and willingness of wireless service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure;

•

 the growth rate of wireless communications or of a particular wireless segment; 

•

 governmental licensing of spectrum; 

•

 mergers or consolidations among wireless service providers; 

•

 increased use of network sharing, roaming or resale arrangements by wireless service providers; 

•

 delays or changes in the deployment of next generation wireless technologies; 

•

 zoning, environmental, health or other government regulations or changes in the application and enforcement thereof; and 

•

 technological changes. 

Any downturn in the economy or disruption in the financial and credit markets could impact consumer demand for wireless services. If wireless service subscribers significantly reduce their minutes of
use, or fail to widely adopt and use wireless data applications, our wireless service provider tenants could experience a decrease in demand for their services. As a result, they may scale back their business plans or otherwise reduce their
spending, which could materially and adversely affect leasing demand for our communications sites and our network development services business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Furthermore, the demand for broadcast space in the United States and Mexico depends on the needs of television and
radio broadcasters. Among other things, technological advances, including the development of satellite-delivered radio and video services, may reduce the need for tower-based broadcast transmission. In addition, any significant increase in attrition
rate or decrease in overall demand for broadcast space could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If our tenants consolidate or merge with each other to a significant degree, our growth, revenue and ability to generate positive cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

Significant consolidation among our tenants may result in the decommissioning of certain existing communications
sites, because certain portions of these tenants’ networks may be redundant, and a reduction in future capital expenditures in the aggregate, because these tenants’ expansion plans may be similar. For example, in connection with the
combinations of Verizon Wireless and ALLTEL (to form Verizon Wireless), Cingular and AT&T Wireless (to form AT&T Mobility) and Sprint PCS and Nextel (to form Sprint Nextel) in the United States, and of Iusacell Celular and Unefon (now under
the common ownership of Grupo Iusacell) in Mexico, the combined companies either rationalized or have announced plans to rationalize duplicative parts of their networks, which may result in the decommissioning of certain equipment on our
communications sites. We would expect a similar outcome in India if the anticipated consolidation of certain tenants occurs. In addition, 

10 

Table of Contents

certain combined companies have undergone or are currently undergoing a modernization of their networks, and these and other tenants could determine not to renew leases with us as a result. Our
future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated, and our ongoing contractual revenues would be reduced as a result. Similar consequences might occur if wireless service providers engage in extensive
sharing, roaming or resale arrangements as an alternative to leasing on our communications sites. 

New technologies or changes in a
tenant’s business model could make our tower leasing business less desirable and result in decreasing revenues. 

The development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks or changes in a
tenant’s business model could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services, have the effect of decreasing demand for tower space, or reduce obtainable lease rates. Examples of such technologies include spectrally efficient air access
technologies which potentially can relieve some network capacity problems and could reduce the demand for tower-based antenna space. Additionally, certain complementary network technologies, such as femtocells, could offload a portion of network
traffic away from the traditional tower-based networks, which would reduce the need for carriers to add more equipment at certain communications sites. Moreover, the emergence of alternative technologies could reduce the need for tower-based
broadcast services transmission and reception. For example, the growth in delivery of wireless communication, radio and video services by direct broadcast satellites could materially and adversely affect demand for our antenna space. The development
and implementation of any of these and similar technologies to any significant degree or changes in a tenant’s business model could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our expansion initiatives may disrupt our operations or expose us to additional risk if we are not able to successfully integrate operations,
assets and personnel. 

As we continue to acquire communications sites in our existing markets and expand into new
markets, we are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including not meeting our return on investment criteria and financial objectives, increased costs, assumed liabilities and the diversion of managerial attention due to acquisitions.
Achieving the benefits of acquisitions depends in part on integrating operations, communications tower portfolios and personnel in a timely and efficient manner. Integration may be difficult and unpredictable for many reasons, including, among other
things, differing systems and processes, potential cultural differences, and conflicting policies, procedures and operations. In addition, the integration of businesses may significantly burden management and our internal resources. 

Furthermore, our international expansion initiatives are subject to additional risks such as complex laws, regulations and business
practices that may require additional resources and personnel, as well as those risks described below in “—Our foreign operations are subject to economic, political and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or
financial position, including risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.” Although we generally focus our international efforts in countries with relatively stable political and macroeconomic environments, we are
subject to several factors outside our control, and our expansion initiatives may not succeed and may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We could suffer adverse tax or other financial consequences if taxing authorities do not agree with our tax positions. 

We are periodically subject to a number of tax examinations by taxing authorities in the states and countries where we do business, and we
expect that we will continue to be subject to tax examinations in the future. In addition, U.S. federal, state and local, as well as international, tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. We recognize
tax benefits of uncertain tax positions when we believe the positions are more likely than not of being sustained upon a challenge by the relevant tax authority. We believe 

11 

Table of Contents

our judgments in this area are reasonable and correct, but there is no guarantee that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any
such challenge. If there are tax benefits that are challenged successfully by a taxing authority, we may be required to pay additional taxes or we may seek to enter into settlements with the taxing authorities, which could require significant
payments or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If we are unable
to utilize our net operating losses, we may be required to make significant payments or adjustments. 

We have
significant deferred tax assets related to our net operating losses (“NOLs”) in U.S. federal and state taxing jurisdictions. Generally, for U.S. federal and state tax purposes, NOLs can be carried forward and used for up to twenty years,
and the tax years will remain subject to examination until three years after the applicable NOLs are used or expire. We may be limited in our ability to utilize NOLs obtained through acquisitions. 

To the extent we believe that a NOL is not more likely than not to be utilized, we establish a valuation allowance against the deferred
tax asset related to the NOL. Our ability to utilize our NOLs is dependent upon us having sufficient future earnings to utilize our NOLs before they expire. If market conditions change materially and we determine that we will be unable to generate
sufficient taxable income in the future to utilize our NOLs, we could be required to record an additional valuation allowance. We review our valuation allowances for our NOLs periodically and make adjustments as needed, which can result in an
increase or decrease to the net deferred tax asset related to our NOLs. Our NOLs are also subject to review and potential disallowance upon audit by the taxing authorities of the jurisdictions where the NOLs were incurred, and future changes in tax
laws or interpretations of such tax laws could materially limit our ability to utilize our NOLs. If we are unable to use our NOLs or the use of our NOLs is limited, we may have to make significant payments or otherwise record charges or reduce our
deferred tax assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

As we review our tax strategy and assess the utilization of our federal and state NOLs, we are actively considering an election to a REIT
for U.S. federal and, where applicable, state income tax purposes. We may make the determination to elect REIT status for the taxable year beginning January 1, 2012, as early as the second half of 2011, subject to the approval of our board of
directors, although there is no certainty as to the timing of a REIT election or whether we will make a REIT election at all. If we elect REIT status and we fail to qualify as a REIT for any tax year after such election is effective (and
certain relief provisions are not available to us), or we choose not to do so or revoke or otherwise terminate such election, we would be taxed as a regular corporation and may be subject to a higher cash tax burden, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Due to the long-term expectations of revenue growth from
tenant leases, we are sensitive to changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our tenants. 

Due to the
long-term nature of our tenant leases, we, like others in the tower industry, depend on the continued financial strength of our tenants. Many wireless service providers operate with substantial leverage. In the past, we have had tenants that have
filed for bankruptcy, although to date these bankruptcies have not had a material adverse effect on our business or revenues. In addition, many of our tenants and potential tenants rely on capital raising activities to fund their operations and
capital expenditures, and the downturn in the economy and the disruptions in the financial and credit markets have periodically made it more difficult and more expensive to raise capital. If our tenants or potential tenants are unable to raise
adequate capital to fund their business plans, they may reduce their spending, which could materially and adversely affect demand for our communications sites and our network development services business. If, as a result of a prolonged economic
downturn or otherwise, one or more of our significant tenants experienced financial difficulties or filed for bankruptcy, it could result in uncollectible accounts receivable and an impairment on our deferred rent asset, tower asset, network
location intangible asset, customer relationship intangible asset or customer base intangible asset. In addition, it could result in the loss of significant tenants and all or a portion of our anticipated lease revenues

12 

Table of Contents

from certain tenants, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, as discussed below in “—Risk
Factors—A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a small number of customers,” Iusacell has been engaged in a refinancing of a majority of its U.S. Dollar denominated debt. 

Our foreign operations are subject to economic, political and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial
position, including risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Our international business
operations and our expansion into new markets in the future could result in adverse financial consequences and operational problems not typically experienced in the United States. For the year ended December 31, 2010, approximately 19% of our
consolidated revenue was generated by our international operations. We anticipate that our revenues from our international operations will grow in the future. Accordingly, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business
internationally, including: 

•

 changes in a specific country’s or region’s political or economic conditions; 

•

 laws and regulations that tax or otherwise restrict repatriation of earnings or other funds or otherwise limit distributions of capital;

•

 changes to existing or new tax laws directed specifically at the ownership and operation of communications sites, or our international acquisitions,
which may be applied and enforced retroactively; 

•

 expropriation and governmental regulation restricting foreign ownership; 

•

 possible failure to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar local anti-bribery laws; and

•

 uncertainties regarding legal or judicial systems, including inconsistencies between and within laws, regulations and decrees, and judicial application
thereof, which may be enforced retroactively. 

In our international operations, many of our tenants are
subsidiaries of global telecommunications companies. These subsidiaries may not have the explicit or implied financial support of their parent entities. 

In addition, we face risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including those arising from our operations, investments and financing transactions related to our international
business. Volatility in foreign currency exchange rates can also affect our ability to plan, forecast and budget for our international operations and expansion efforts. Our revenues earned from our international operations are primarily denominated
in the respective local currencies. We have not historically engaged in significant currency hedging activities relating to our non-U.S. Dollar operations, and a weakening of these foreign currencies against the U.S. Dollar would have a
negative impact on our reported revenues and operating profits, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We anticipate that we may need additional financing to fund future growth and expansion initiatives, to refinance our existing indebtedness and to fund our stock repurchase program.

In order to fund future growth and expansion initiatives, refinance our existing indebtedness and fund our stock
repurchase program, we may need to raise additional capital through financing activities. We believe our cash provided by operations for the year ending December 31, 2011 will sufficiently fund our cash needs for operations, capital
expenditures and cash debt service (interest and principal repayments) obligations for 2011. However, we anticipate that we may need to obtain additional sources of capital in the future to fund growth initiatives and to support additional return of
capital to stockholders. If so, depending on market conditions, we may seek to raise capital through credit facilities or debt or equity offerings. Additionally, a downgrade of our credit rating below investment grade could negatively
impact our ability to access credit markets or preclude us 

13 

Table of Contents

from obtaining funds on investment grade terms and conditions. Further, certain of our current debt instruments limit the amount of indebtedness we and our subsidiaries may incur. Additional
financing, therefore, may be unavailable, more expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness. If we are unable to raise capital when our needs arise, we may not be able to fund our future growth and expansion initiatives,
refinance our existing indebtedness or fund our stock repurchase program. 

A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a small
number of customers. 

A substantial portion of our total operating revenues is derived from a small number of
customers. For the year ended December 31, 2010, four customers accounted for approximately 74% of our domestic rental and management segment revenue; and four customers accounted for approximately 58% of our international rental and management
segment revenue. If any of these customers is unwilling or unable to perform its obligations under our agreements with it, our revenues, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. In the
ordinary course of our business, we do occasionally experience disputes with our customers, generally regarding the interpretation of terms in our leases. Although we have historically resolved these disputes in a manner that did not have a material
adverse effect on us or our customer relationships, it is possible that such disputes could lead to a termination of our leases with customers or a material modification of the terms of those leases, either of which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are forced to resolve any of these disputes through litigation, our relationship with the applicable customer could be terminated or damaged, which could lead to decreased
revenues or increased costs, resulting in a corresponding adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our largest international customer is Iusacell, which is the brand name under which a group of companies controlled by Grupo Iusacell, S.A. de C.V. (“Grupo Iusacell”) operates. Iusacell
represented approximately 4% of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2010. Grupo Iusacell has been engaged in a refinancing of a majority of its U.S. Dollar denominated debt, and in connection with this process, two of the legal
entities of the group, including Grupo Iusacell, voluntarily filed for a pre-packaged Concurso Mercantil (a process substantially equivalent to Chapter 11 of U.S. Bankruptcy Law) with the backing of a majority of their financial creditors in
December 2010. As of December 31, 2010, Iusacell notes receivable, net, and related assets (which include financing lease commitments and a deferred rent asset that are primarily long-term in nature) were $19.7 million and $51.2 million,
respectively. If Grupo Iusacell is unable to restructure its U.S. Dollar denominated debt, it may not be able to meet its operating obligations, including making payments to us in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business and results of operations. 

Increasing competition in the tower industry may create pricing pressures that may materially and
adversely affect us. 

Our industry is highly competitive, and our tenants have numerous alternatives for leasing
antenna space. Some of our competitors, such as wireless carriers that allow collocation on their towers, are larger and may have greater financial resources than we do, while other competitors may have lower return on investment criteria than we
do. 

Competitive pricing pressures for tenants on towers from these competitors could materially and adversely affect our
lease rates and services income. In addition, we may not be able to renew existing tenant leases or enter into new tenant leases, resulting in a material adverse impact on our results of operations and growth rate. Increasing competition could also
make the acquisition of high quality tower assets more costly. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our business is subject to government regulations and changes in current or future laws or regulations could restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do. 

Our business, and that of our tenants, is subject to federal, state, local and foreign regulation. In certain jurisdictions these
regulations could be applied or enforced retroactively. Local zoning authorities and 

14 

Table of Contents

community organizations are often opposed to construction in their communities and these regulations can delay, prevent or increase the cost of new tower construction, modifications, additions of
new antennas to a site, or site upgrades, thereby limiting our ability to respond to customer demands and requirements. Existing regulatory policies may materially and adversely affect the associated timing or cost of such projects and additional
regulations may be adopted which increase delays or result in additional costs to us, or that prevent such projects in certain locations. These factors could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition. For more information regarding the regulations we are subject to, please see Item 1 of this Annual Report under the caption “Regulatory Matters.” 

If we are unable or choose not to exercise our rights to purchase towers that are subject to lease and sublease agreements at the end of the applicable period, our cash flows derived from such
towers would be eliminated. 

As discussed in note 16 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual
Report, our communications site portfolio includes towers that we operate pursuant to lease and sublease agreements that include a purchase option at the end of each lease period. We may not have the required available capital to exercise our right
to purchase leased or subleased towers at the end of the applicable period. Even if we do have available capital, we may choose not to exercise our right to purchase such towers for business or other reasons. In the event that we do not exercise
these purchase rights, or are otherwise unable to acquire an interest that would allow us to continue to operate these towers after the applicable period, we will lose the cash flows derived from such towers, which may have a material adverse effect
on our business. In the event that we decide to exercise these purchase rights, the benefits of the acquisitions of such towers may not exceed the associated acquisition, compliance and integration costs, and our business, results of operations or
financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

If we are unable to protect our rights to the land under our towers, it
could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Our real property interests relating to our towers consist
primarily of leasehold and sub-leasehold interests, fee interests, easements, licenses and rights-of-way. A loss of these interests at a particular tower site may interfere with our ability to operate a tower and generate revenues. Approximately 85%
of the communications sites in our portfolio as of December 31, 2010 are located on land we lease, but do not own. Approximately 86% of the ground leases for these sites have a final expiration date of 2020 and beyond. Our inability to protect
our rights to the land under our towers may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our leverage and debt service obligations may materially and adversely affect us. 

As of December 31, 2010, we had approximately $5.6 billion of consolidated debt, and the ability to borrow additional amounts of
approximately $917.7 million under our $1.25 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”). Our substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash
sufficient to pay when due the principal of, interest on, or other amounts due with respect to, our indebtedness. We are also permitted, subject to certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness, to draw down on our Revolving Credit Facility,
obtain additional long-term debt and working capital lines of credit to meet future financing needs. This would increase our total leverage. 

Our leverage could have significant negative consequences on our financial condition and results of operations, including: 

•

 impairing our ability to meet one or more of the financial ratio covenants contained in our debt agreements or to generate cash sufficient to pay
interest or principal due under those agreements, which could result in an acceleration of some or all of our outstanding debt and the loss of towers subject to our securitization transaction (the “Securitization”) if an uncured default
occurs; 

•

 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

15 

Table of Contents

•

 limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing; 

•

 increasing our borrowing costs if our current investment grade debt ratings decline; 

•

 requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of our cash flow
available for other purposes, including capital expenditures; 

•

 requiring us to sell debt or equity securities or to sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, to meet payment obligations;

•

 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we compete; 

•

 limiting our ability to repurchase our Class A common stock (“Common Stock”); and 

•

 placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage to less leveraged competitors and competitors that may have better access to capital resources.

Restrictive covenants in the loan agreement related to our Securitization, the loan agreement for the Revolving
Credit Facility and Term Loan and the indentures governing our debt securities could materially and adversely affect our business by limiting flexibility. 

The loan agreement related to our Securitization includes operating covenants and other restrictions customary for loans subject to rated securitizations. Among other things, the borrowers under the loan
agreement for the Securitization are prohibited from incurring other indebtedness for borrowed money or further encumbering their assets. A failure to comply with the covenants in the loan agreement could prevent the borrowers from taking certain
actions with respect to the towers subject to the Securitization, and could prevent the borrowers from distributing any excess cash from the operation of such towers to us. If the borrowers were to default on the loan, the servicer on the loan could
seek to foreclose upon or otherwise convert the ownership of the towers subject to the Securitization, in which case we could lose such towers and the revenue associated with such towers. 

The loan agreement for the Revolving Credit Facility and the additional $325.0 million of term loan commitments (“Term Loan”)
contain restrictive covenants, as well as requirements to comply with certain leverage and other financial maintenance tests, and thus require that we limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, guaranteeing
indebtedness, paying dividends or other distributions to shareholders, and engaging in various types of transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and sales of assets. Additionally, our indentures restrict our and our subsidiaries’ ability
to incur liens securing our or their indebtedness. These covenants could have an adverse effect on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, new tower development, mergers and acquisitions or other opportunities.

In addition, reporting and information covenants in our loan agreements and indentures require that we provide financial and
operating information within certain time periods. If we are unable to timely provide the required information, we would be in breach of these covenants. For more information regarding the covenants and requirements discussed above, please see
Item 7 of this Annual Report under the caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Factors Affecting Sources of Liquidity” and note 6 to
our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 

We could have liability under environmental laws.

Our operations, like those of other companies engaged in similar businesses, are subject to the requirements of
various federal, state, local and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations, including those relating to the management, use, storage, disposal, emission and remediation of, and exposure to,

16 

Table of Contents

hazardous and non-hazardous substances, materials and wastes. As the owner, lessee or operator of real property and facilities, we may be liable for substantial costs of investigation, removal or
remediation of soil and groundwater contaminated by hazardous materials, without regard to whether we, as the owner, lessee or operator, knew of, or were responsible for, the contamination. We may also be liable for certain costs of remediating
contamination at third party sites to which we sent waste for disposal, even if the original disposal may have complied with all legal requirements at the time. Many of these laws and regulations contain information reporting and record keeping
requirements. We cannot assure you that we are at all times in complete compliance with all environmental requirements. We may be subject to potentially significant fines or penalties if we fail to comply with any of these requirements. The
requirements of these laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, and could become more stringent in the future. In certain jurisdictions these laws and regulations could be applied or enforced retroactively. It is possible that these
requirements will change or that liabilities will arise in the future in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our towers or data centers may be affected by natural disasters and other unforeseen damage for which our insurance may not provide adequate coverage. 

Our towers are subject to risks associated with natural disasters, such as ice and wind storms, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and
earthquakes, as well as other unforeseen damage. Any damage or destruction to our towers or data centers as a result of these or other events would impact our ability to provide services to our tenants and could materially and adversely impact our
results of operation or financial condition. While we maintain insurance coverage for natural disasters, we may not have adequate insurance to cover the associated costs of repair or reconstruction for a major future event. Further, we carry
business interruption insurance, but such insurance may not adequately cover all of our lost revenues, including potential revenues from new tenants that could have been added to our towers but for the damage. If we are unable to provide services to
our tenants as a result of damage to our towers, it could lead to customer loss, resulting in a corresponding material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our costs could increase and our revenues could decrease due to perceived health risks from radio emissions, especially if these perceived risks
are substantiated. 

Public perception of possible health risks associated with cellular and other wireless
communications technology could slow the growth of wireless companies, which could in turn slow our growth. In particular, negative public perception of, and regulations regarding, these perceived health risks could slow the market acceptance of
wireless communications services and increase opposition to the development and expansion of tower sites. The potential connection between radio frequency emissions and certain negative health effects has been the subject of substantial study by the
scientific community in recent years, and numerous health-related lawsuits have been filed against wireless carriers and wireless device manufacturers. If a scientific study or court decision resulted in a finding that radio frequency emissions pose
health risks to consumers, it could negatively impact the market for wireless services, as well as our tenants, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. We do not maintain any
significant insurance with respect to these matters.