Decrease in demand
for our communications sites would materially and adversely affect our operating results and we cannot control that demand. 

Many of the factors affecting the demand for our communications sites, and to a lesser extent our network development services, could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Those factors include: 

•

 a decrease in consumer demand for wireless services due to general economic conditions or other factors; 

•

 the financial condition of wireless service providers; 

•

 the ability and willingness of wireless service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures; 

•

 the growth rate of wireless communications or of a particular wireless segment; 

•

 governmental licensing of spectrum; 

•

 mergers or consolidations among wireless service providers; 

•

 increased use of network sharing, roaming or resale arrangements by wireless service providers; 

•

 delays or changes in the deployment of next generation wireless technologies; 

•

 zoning, environmental, health or other government regulations; and 

•

 technological changes. 

The demand for broadcast space is dependent on the needs of television and radio broadcasters. Among other things, technological advances, including the development of satellite-delivered radio and video
services, may reduce the need for tower-based broadcast transmission. In addition, as we continue to work with our customers during the transition from analog-based transmissions to digital-based transmissions, any significant increase in attrition
rate or decrease in overall demand for broadcast space could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

10 

Table of Contents

Furthermore, any downturn in the economy or disruption in the financial and credit markets
could have an impact on consumer demand for wireless services. If wireless service subscribers significantly reduce their minutes of use, or fail to widely adopt and use wireless data applications, our wireless carrier customers could
experience a decrease in demand for their services. As a result, they may scale back their business plans or otherwise reduce their spending, which could materially and adversely affect demand for our communications sites and our network
development services business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If our wireless service provider customers consolidate or merge with each other to a significant degree, our growth, revenue and ability to generate positive cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

Significant consolidation among our wireless service provider customers may result in the decommissioning of certain existing
communications sites, because certain portions of their networks may be redundant, and a reduction in future capital expenditures in the aggregate, because their expansion plans may be similar. For example, in connection with the combinations of
Verizon Wireless and ALLTEL (to form Verizon Wireless), Cingular and AT&T Wireless (to form AT&T Mobility) and Sprint PCS and Nextel (to form Sprint Nextel) in the United States, and of Iusacell Celular and Unefon (now under the common
ownership of Grupo Iusacell) in Mexico, the combined companies rationalized duplicative parts of their networks, which has led to the decommissioning of certain equipment on our communications sites. In addition, these and other customers could
determine not to renew leases with us as a result. Our future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these contracts are terminated, and our ongoing contractual revenues would be reduced as a result. Similar consequences might
occur if wireless service providers engage in extensive sharing, roaming or resale arrangements as an alternative to leasing on our communications sites. 

Our leverage and debt service obligations may materially and adversely affect us. 

As of December 31, 2009, we had approximately $4.2 billion of consolidated debt, and the ability to borrow additional amounts of approximately $695.8 million under the Revolving Credit Facility. Our
substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay when due the principal of, interest on, or other amounts due with respect to our indebtedness. We are also permitted, subject to
certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness, to obtain additional long-term debt and working capital lines of credit to meet future financing needs. This would have the effect of increasing our total leverage. 

Our leverage could have significant negative consequences on our financial condition and results of operations, including: 

•

 impairing our ability to meet one or more of the financial ratio covenants contained in our debt agreements or to generate cash sufficient to pay
interest or principal due under those agreements, which could result in an acceleration of some or all of our outstanding debt and the loss of towers subject to our securitization transaction (the “Securitization”) if an uncured default
occurs; 

•

 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing; 

•

 increasing our borrowing costs if our current investment grade debt ratings decline; 

•

 requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of our cash flow
available for other purposes, including capital expenditures; 

•

 requiring us to sell debt or equity securities or to sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, to meet payment obligations;

11 

Table of Contents

•

 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we compete; 

•

 limiting our ability to repurchase our Common Stock; and 

•

 placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage to less leveraged competitors and competitors that may have better access to capital resources.

Restrictive covenants in the loan agreement for the Revolving Credit Facility and term loan, the indentures governing
our debt securities, and the loan agreement related to our Securitization could materially and adversely affect our business by limiting flexibility. 

The loan agreement for the Revolving Credit Facility and the additional $325.0 million of term loan commitments (“Term Loan”) contain restrictive covenants, as well as requirements to comply
with certain leverage and other financial maintenance tests, and thus require that we limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, guaranteeing indebtedness and engaging in various types of transactions, including
mergers, acquisitions and sales of assets. Additionally, our indentures restrict our and our subsidiaries’ ability to incur liens securing our or their indebtedness. These covenants could place us at a disadvantage compared to some of our
competitors, who may have fewer restrictive covenants and may not be required to operate under these restrictions. Further, these covenants could have an adverse effect on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, new
tower development, mergers and acquisitions or other opportunities. 

The loan agreement related to our Securitization includes
operating covenants and other restrictions customary for loans subject to rated securitizations. Among other things, the borrowers under the loan agreement for the Securitization are prohibited from incurring other indebtedness for borrowed money or
further encumbering their assets. A failure to comply with the covenants in the loan agreement could prevent the borrowers from taking certain actions with respect to the towers subject to the Securitization, and could prevent the borrowers from
distributing any excess cash from the operation of such towers to us. If the borrowers were to default on the loan, the servicer on the loan could seek to foreclose upon or otherwise convert the ownership of the towers subject to the Securitization,
in which case we could lose such towers and the revenue associated with such towers. 

In addition, reporting and information
covenants in our loan agreements and indentures require that we provide financial and operating information within certain time periods. If we are unable to timely provide the required information, we would be in breach of these covenants. For more
information regarding the covenants and requirements discussed above, please see Item 7 of this Annual Report under the caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and
Capital Resources—Factors Affecting Sources of Liquidity” and note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 

We could suffer adverse tax and other financial consequences if taxing authorities do not agree with our tax positions, or we are unable to utilize our net operating losses. 

We are periodically subject to a number of tax examinations by taxing authorities in the states and countries where we do business, and we
expect that we will continue to be subject to tax examinations in the future. In addition, U.S. federal, state and local, as well as international, tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. We recognize
tax benefits of uncertain tax positions when we believe the positions are more likely than not of being sustained upon a challenge by the relevant tax authority. We believe our judgments in this area are reasonable and correct, but there is no
guarantee that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge. If there are tax benefits that are challenged successfully by a taxing authority, we may be required to pay
additional taxes or we may seek to enter into settlements with the taxing authorities, which could require significant payments or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

12 

Table of Contents

In addition, we have significant deferred tax assets related to our net operating losses
(“NOLs”) in U.S. federal and state taxing jurisdictions. Generally, for U.S. federal and state tax purposes, NOLs can be carried forward and used for up to twenty years, and all of our tax years will remain subject to examination until
three years after our NOLs are used or expire. We may be limited in our ability to utilize our NOLs to offset future taxable income and thereby reduce our otherwise payable income taxes. We have substantial federal and state NOLs, including
significant portions obtained through acquisitions and dispositions, as well as those generated through our historic business operations. In addition, we have disposed of some entities and restructured other entities in conjunction with financing
transactions and other business activities. 

To the extent we believe that a position with respect to an NOL is not more
likely than not to be sustained, we do not record the related deferred tax asset. In addition, for NOLs that meet the recognition threshold, we assess the recoverability of the NOL and establish a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset
related to the NOL if recoverability is questionable. Given the uncertainty surrounding the recoverability of certain of our NOLs, we have established a valuation allowance to offset the related deferred tax asset so as to reflect what we believe to
be the recoverable portion of our NOLs. 

Our ability to utilize our NOLs is also dependent, in part, upon us having sufficient
future earnings to utilize our NOLs before they expire. If market conditions change materially and we determine that we will be unable to generate sufficient taxable income in the future to utilize our NOLs, we could be required to record an
additional valuation allowance. We review our uncertain tax position and the valuation allowance for our NOLs periodically and make adjustments from time to time, which can result in an increase or decrease to the net deferred tax asset related to
our NOLs. Our NOLs are also subject to review and potential disallowance upon audit by the taxing authorities of the jurisdictions where the NOLs were incurred, and future changes in tax laws or interpretations of such tax laws could limit
materially our ability to utilize our NOLs. If we are unable to use our NOLs or use of our NOLs is limited, we may have to make significant payments or otherwise record charges or reduce our deferred tax assets, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Due to the long-term expectations of revenue from tenant leases,
we are sensitive to the creditworthiness and financial strength of our tenants. 

Due to the long-term nature of our
tenant leases, we, like others in the tower industry, are dependent on the continued financial strength of our tenants. Many wireless service providers operate with substantial leverage. In the past, we have had customers that have filed for
bankruptcy, although to date these bankruptcies have not had a material adverse effect on our business or revenues. In addition, many of our customers and potential customers rely on capital raising activities to fund their operations and capital
expenditures, and the downturn in the economy and the disruptions in the financial and credit markets have made it more difficult and more expensive to raise capital. If our customers or potential customers are unable to raise adequate capital to
fund their business plans, they may reduce their spending, which could materially and adversely affect demand for our communications sites and our network development services business. If, as a result of a prolonged economic downturn or otherwise,
one or more of our significant customers experienced financial difficulties or filed for bankruptcy, it could result in uncollectible accounts receivable and an impairment on our deferred rent asset, tower asset or customer relationship intangible
asset. In addition, it could result in the loss of significant customers and all or a portion of our anticipated lease revenues from certain customers, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. For example, as discussed below in “—Risk Factors—A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a small number of customers,” Grupo Iusacell suspended the debt service payment of its U.S. Dollar
denominated debt to its bondholders and is currently in negotiations with those bondholders. While Grupo Iusacell’s operating subsidiaries have continued to make partial payments to us, our net accounts receivable related to Grupo Iusacell was
approximately $28.2 million as of December 31, 2009. 

13 

Table of Contents

Our foreign operations are subject to economic, political and other risks that could materially and
adversely affect our revenues or financial position, including risks associated with foreign currency exchange rates. 

Our business operations in Mexico, Brazil and India, and our expansion into any other international geographic areas in the future, could result in adverse financial consequences and operational problems not typically experienced in the
United States. For the year ended December 31, 2009, approximately 15% of our consolidated revenues were generated by our international operations. We anticipate that our revenues from our international operations may grow in the future.
Accordingly, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including: 

•

 changes in a specific country’s or region’s political or economic conditions; 

•

 laws and regulations that tax or otherwise restrict repatriation of earnings or other funds or otherwise limit distributions of capital;

•

 laws and regulations that dictate how we operate our communications sites and conduct business, including zoning and environmental matters;

•

 changes to existing or new tax laws directed specifically at the ownership and operation of communications sites; 

•

 expropriation and governmental regulation restricting foreign ownership; 

•

 possible failure to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar local anti-bribery laws;

•

 uncertainties regarding legal or judicial systems, including inconsistencies between and within laws, regulations and decrees, and judicial application
thereof; 

•

 health or similar issues, such as a pandemic or epidemic; and 

•

 difficulty in recruiting and retaining trained personnel. 

In addition, we face risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including those arising from our operations,
investments and financing transactions related to our international business. Volatility in foreign currency exchange rates can also affect our ability to plan, forecast and budget for our international operations and expansion efforts. While most
of the contracts for our operations in Mexico are denominated in the U.S. Dollar, many are denominated in the Mexican Peso, and contracts for our operations in Brazil and India are denominated in the local currencies. We have not historically
engaged in significant currency hedging activities relating to our non-U.S. Dollar operations, and a weakening of these foreign currencies against the U.S. Dollar would have a negative impact on our reported revenues and operating profits,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

A substantial portion of our
revenue is derived from a small number of customers. 

A substantial portion of our total operating revenues is derived
from a small number of customers. For the year ended December 31, 2009: 

•

 Four customers accounted for approximately 61% of our revenues; 

•

 AT&T Mobility accounted for approximately 19% of our revenues; 

•

 Sprint Nextel accounted for approximately 18% of our revenues; 

•

 Verizon Wireless accounted for approximately 15% of our revenues; and 

•

 T-Mobile accounted for approximately 9% of our revenues. 

14 

Table of Contents

Our largest international customer is Grupo Iusacell, which now controls both Iusacell
Celular and Unefon in Mexico. Grupo Iusacell is under common control with TV Azteca. Grupo Iusacell accounted for approximately 5% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2009. In addition, for the year ended December 31,
2009, we received $15.7 million in interest income from TV Azteca on our net note receivable balance of $108.2 million. 

If
any of these customers is unwilling or unable to perform its obligations under our agreements with them, our revenues, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. In the ordinary course of our
business, we do occasionally experience disputes with our customers, generally regarding the interpretation of terms in our agreements. Although we have historically resolved these disputes in a manner that did not have a material adverse effect on
us or our customer relationships, it is possible that such disputes could lead to a termination of our agreements with customers or a material modification of the terms of those agreements, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are forced to resolve any of these disputes through litigation, our relationship with the applicable customer could be terminated or damaged, which could lead to decreased revenues or
increased costs, resulting in a corresponding adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

On April 1, 2009, Grupo Iusacell announced that one of its subsidiaries had suspended the debt service payment of its U.S. Dollar denominated debt as part of an ongoing process to restructure its U.S. Dollar denominated debt,
which has been affected by the significant devaluation of the Mexican Peso versus the U.S. Dollar. While Grupo Iusacell has continued to make partial payments to us, our net accounts receivable related to Grupo Iusacell was approximately $28.2
million as of December 31, 2009. We also have approximately $33.5 million of other Grupo Iusacell related assets as of December 31, 2009, which includes financing lease commitments and accrued straight-line revenue that are primarily
long-term in nature. If Grupo Iusacell is unable to restructure its indebtedness or if a further devaluation of the Mexican Peso were to adversely impact Grupo Iusacell’s overall liquidity, Grupo Iusacell might not be able to meet its operating
obligations, including making full payments under the lease agreements with us in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We anticipate that we may need additional financing to fund future growth and expansion initiatives, to refinance our existing indebtedness and to fund our stock repurchase program.

In order to fund future growth and expansion initiatives, refinance our existing indebtedness and fund our stock
repurchase program, we may need to raise additional capital through financing activities. We believe our cash provided by operations for the year ending December 31, 2010 will be sufficient to fund our cash needs for operations, capital
expenditures and cash debt service (interest and principal repayments) obligations for 2010. However, we anticipate that we may need to obtain additional sources of capital in the future to fund growth initiatives and to support additional
return of capital to stockholders. If so, depending on market conditions, we may seek to raise capital through credit facilities or debt or equity offerings. A downgrade of our credit rating below investment grade could negatively impact
our ability to access credit markets or preclude us from obtaining funds on investment grade terms and conditions. Further, certain of our current debt instruments limit the amount of indebtedness we and our subsidiaries may incur. Additional
financing, therefore, may be unavailable, more expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness. If we are unable to raise capital when our needs arise, we may not be able to fund our stock repurchase program, refinance our
existing indebtedness or fund future growth and expansion initiatives. 

New technologies could make our tower leasing business less
desirable to potential tenants and result in decreasing revenues. 

The development and implementation of new
technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks could reduce the use and need for tower-based wireless services transmission and reception and have

15 

Table of Contents

the effect of decreasing demand for tower space. Examples of such technologies include spectrally efficient air-link technologies which potentially can relieve some network capacity problems,
could reduce the demand for tower-based antenna space. Additionally, certain complementary network technologies, such as femtocells, could offload a portion of network traffic away from the traditional tower-based networks, which would reduce the
need for carriers to add more equipment at certain communications sites. Moreover, the emergence of alternative technologies could reduce the need for tower-based broadcast services transmission and reception. For example, the growth in delivery of
wireless communication, radio and video services by direct broadcast satellites could materially and adversely affect demand for our antenna space. The development and implementation of any of these and similar technologies to any significant degree
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We could have liability under
environmental laws. 

Our operations, like those of other companies engaged in similar businesses, are subject to the
requirements of various federal, state, local and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations, including those relating to the management, use, storage, disposal, emission and remediation of, and exposure to,
hazardous and non-hazardous substances, materials and wastes. As the owner, lessee or operator of real property and facilities, we may be liable for substantial costs of investigation, removal or remediation of soil and groundwater contaminated by
hazardous materials, without regard to whether we, as the owner, lessee or operator, knew of or were responsible for the contamination. We may also be liable for certain costs of remediating contamination at third party sites to which we sent waste
for disposal, even if the original disposal may have accorded with all legal requirements. Many of these laws and regulations contain information reporting and record keeping requirements. We cannot assure you that we are at all times in complete
compliance with all environmental requirements. We may be subject to potentially significant fines or penalties if we fail to comply with any of these requirements. The requirements of these laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, and
could become more stringent in the future. It is possible that these requirements will change or that liabilities will arise in the future in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Our business is subject to government regulations and changes in current or future laws or regulations could restrict our
ability to operate our business as we currently do. 

Our business, and that of our customers, is subject to federal,
state, local and foreign regulation, including by the FAA, the FCC, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the OSHA. Both the FCC and the FAA regulate towers used for wireless communications and radio and television broadcasting and the FCC
separately regulates transmitting devices operating on towers. Similar regulations exist in Mexico, Brazil, India and other foreign countries regarding wireless communications and the operation of towers. Local zoning authorities and community
organizations are often opposed to construction in their communities and these regulations can delay, prevent or increase the cost of new tower construction, modifications, additions of new antennas to a site, or site upgrades, thereby limiting our
ability to respond to customer demands and requirements. Existing regulatory policies may materially and adversely affect the associated timing or cost of such projects and additional regulations may be adopted which increase delays or result in
additional costs to us, or that prevent such projects in certain locations. These factors could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Increasing competition in the tower industry may create pricing pressures that may materially and adversely affect us. 

Our industry is highly competitive, and our customers have numerous alternatives for leasing antenna space. Some of our competitors, such as
national wireless carriers that allow collocation on their towers, are larger and may have greater financial resources than we do, while other competitors may have lower return on investment criteria than we do. 

16 

Table of Contents

Our competition includes: 

•

 international, national and regional tower companies; 

•

 wireless carriers that own towers and lease antenna space to other carriers; 

•

 site development companies that purchase antenna space on existing towers for wireless carriers and manage new tower construction; and

•

 alternative site structures (e.g., building rooftops, outdoor and indoor DAS networks, billboards and electric transmission towers).

Competitive pricing pressures for tenants on towers from these competitors could materially and adversely
affect our lease rates and services income. In addition, we may not be able to renew existing customer leases or enter into new customer leases, resulting in a material adverse impact on our results of operations and growth rate. Increasing
competition could also make the acquisition of high quality tower assets more costly. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

If we are unable to protect our rights to the land under our towers, it could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Our real property interests relating to our towers consist primarily of leasehold and sub-leasehold interests, fee interests, easements,
licenses and rights-of-way. A loss of these interests at a particular tower site may interfere with our ability to operate a tower and generate revenues. For various reasons, we may not always have the ability to access, analyze and verify all
information regarding titles and other issues prior to completing an acquisition of communications sites, which can affect our rights to access and operate a site. From time to time we also experience disputes with landowners regarding the terms of
ground agreements for land under a tower, which can affect our ability to access and operate a tower site. Further, for various reasons, landowners may not want to renew their ground agreements with us, they may lose their rights to the land, or
they may transfer their land interests to third parties, including ground lease aggregators, which could affect our ability to renew ground agreements on commercially viable terms. Approximately 83% of the communications sites in our portfolio as of
December 31, 2009 are located on land we do not own. Approximately 89% of the ground agreements for these sites have a final expiration date of 2019 and beyond. Our inability to protect our rights to the land under our towers may have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

If we are unable or choose not to exercise our
rights to purchase towers that are subject to lease and sublease agreements at the end of the applicable period, our cash flows derived from such towers would be eliminated. 

Our communications site portfolio includes towers that we operate pursuant to lease and sublease agreements that include a purchase option at
the end of each lease period. If we are unable or choose not to exercise our rights to purchase towers under these agreements at the end of the applicable period, our cash flows derived from such towers would be eliminated. For example, our
SpectraSite subsidiary has entered into lease or sublease agreements with affiliates of SBC Communications, a predecessor entity to AT&T Mobility, with respect to approximately 2,500 towers pursuant to which SpectraSite has the option to
purchase the sites upon the expiration of the lease or sublease beginning in 2013. The aggregate purchase option price for the AT&T Mobility towers was approximately $413.0 million as of December 31, 2009, and will accrete at a rate of
10% per year to the applicable expiration of the lease or sublease of a site. We have entered into a similar agreement with ALLTEL, which completed its merger with Verizon Wireless in January 2009, with respect to approximately 1,800 towers,
for which we have an option to purchase the sites upon the expiration of the lease or sublease beginning in 2016. The aggregate purchase option price for the ALLTEL towers was approximately $63.3 million as of December 31, 2009, and will
accrete at a rate of 3% per year through the expiration of the lease or sublease period. At ALLTEL’s option, at the expiration of the sublease period, the purchase price would

17 

Table of Contents

be payable in cash or with 769 shares of our Common Stock per tower. We may not have the required available capital to exercise our right to purchase these or other leased or subleased towers at
the end of the applicable period. Even if we do have available capital, we may choose not to exercise our right to purchase such towers for business or other reasons. In the event that we do not exercise these purchase rights, or are otherwise
unable to acquire an interest that would allow us to continue to operate these towers after the applicable period, we will lose the cash flows derived from such towers, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. In the event that we
decide to exercise these purchase rights, the benefits of the acquisitions of such towers may not exceed the associated acquisition, compliance and integration costs, and our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially
and adversely affected. 

Our towers may be affected by natural disasters and other unforeseen damage for which our insurance may not
provide adequate coverage. 

Our towers are subject to risks associated with natural disasters, such as ice and wind
storms, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes, as well as other unforeseen damage. Any damage or destruction to our towers as a result of these or other risks would impact our ability to provide services to our customers and could materially
and adversely impact our results of operation or financial condition. While we maintain insurance coverage for natural disasters, we may not have adequate insurance to cover the associated costs of repair or reconstruction for a future major event.
Further, we carry business interruption insurance, but such insurance may not adequately cover all of our lost revenues, including potential revenues from new tenants that could have been added to our towers but for the damage. If we are unable to
provide services to our customers as a result of damage to our towers, it could lead to customer loss, resulting in a corresponding material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our costs could increase and our revenues could decrease due to perceived health risks from radio emissions, especially if these perceived risks are
substantiated. 

Public perception of possible health risks associated with cellular and other wireless communications
technology could slow the growth of wireless companies, which could in turn slow our growth. In particular, negative public perception of, and regulations regarding, these perceived health risks could slow the market acceptance of wireless
communications services and increase opposition to the development and expansion of tower sites. The potential connection between radio frequency emissions and certain negative health effects has been the subject of substantial study by the
scientific community in recent years, and numerous health-related lawsuits have been filed against wireless carriers and wireless device manufacturers. If a scientific study or court decision resulted in a finding that radio frequency emissions
posed health risks to consumers, it could negatively impact the market for wireless services, as well as our wireless carrier customers, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. We do
not maintain any significant insurance with respect to these matters. 

Our historical stock option granting practices are subject to
ongoing governmental proceedings, which could result in fines, penalties or other liability. 

In May 2006, we announced
that our Board of Directors had established a special committee of independent directors to conduct a review of our stock option granting practices and related accounting. Subsequent to the formation of the special committee, we received an informal
letter of inquiry from the SEC, a subpoena from the office of the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York and an information document request from the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”), each requesting documents and
information related to our stock option grants and practices. We also received a request for information from the Department of Labor, which concluded its review in September 2008, with no action taken against us. We have cooperated with these
governmental authorities to provide the requested documents and information. These governmental proceedings are ongoing, and the time period necessary to resolve these proceedings is uncertain and could require significant

18 

Table of Contents

additional management and financial resources. Significant legal and accounting expenses related to these matters have been incurred to date, and we may incur expenses in the future. Depending on
the final outcomes of these proceedings, we and members of our senior management could be subject to regulatory fines, penalties, enforcement actions or other liability, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of
operations or financial condition. In addition, as a result of the special committee’s findings, we restated our historical financial statements for certain periods prior to March 31, 2006 to, among other things, record changes for
stock-based compensation expense (and related tax effects) relating to certain past stock option grants.