Decrease in demand
for our communications sites would materially and adversely affect our operating results and we cannot control that demand. 

Factors affecting the demand for our communications sites and, to a lesser extent, our network development services, could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Those factors include:

•

 technological changes; 

•

 delays or changes in the deployment of next generation wireless technologies; 

•

 governmental licensing of spectrum or restricting or revoking spectrum licenses; 

•

 mergers or consolidations among wireless service providers; 

•

 increased use of network sharing, roaming or resale arrangements by wireless service providers; 

•

 a decrease in consumer demand for wireless services due to general economic conditions or other factors; 

•

 the financial condition of wireless service providers; 

•

 the ability and willingness of wireless service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure; and

•

 zoning, environmental, health or other government regulations or changes in the application and enforcement thereof. 

Any downturn in the economy or disruption in the financial and credit markets could impact consumer demand for wireless services. If
wireless service subscribers significantly reduce their minutes of use, or fail to widely adopt and use wireless data applications, our wireless service provider tenants could experience a decrease in demand for their services. As a result,
they may scale back their capital expenditure plans, which could materially and adversely affect leasing demand for our communications sites and our network development services business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations or financial condition. 

Furthermore, the demand for broadcast space in the United States and Mexico
depends on the needs of television and radio broadcasters. Among other things, technological advances, including the development of satellite-delivered radio and video services, may reduce the need for tower-based broadcast transmission. In
addition, any significant increase in attrition rate or decrease in overall demand for broadcast space could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

New technologies or changes in a tenant’s business model could make our tower leasing business less desirable and result in decreasing
revenues. 

The development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless
networks or changes in a tenant’s business model could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services, decrease demand for tower space or reduce obtainable lease rates. In addition, tenants may have less of their budget allocated to lease
space on our towers, as the industry is trending towards deploying increased capital to the development and implementation of new technologies. Examples of these technologies include spectrally efficient technologies which could relieve a portion of
our tenants’ network capacity needs and as a result, could reduce the demand for tower-based antenna space. Additionally, certain small cell complementary network technologies could shift a portion of our tenants’ network investment away
from the traditional tower-based networks, which may reduce the need for carriers to add more equipment at certain communications sites. Moreover, the emergence of alternative technologies could reduce the need for tower-based broadcast services
transmission and reception. For example, the growth in delivery of wireless communications, radio and video services by direct broadcast satellites could materially and adversely affect demand for our tower space. Further,

11 

Table of Contents

a tenant may decide to no longer outsource tower infrastructure or otherwise change its business model which would result in a decrease in our revenue. The development and implementation of any
of these and similar technologies to any significant degree or changes in a tenant’s business model could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our business is subject to government regulations and changes in current or future laws or regulations could restrict our ability to operate our
business as we currently do. 

Our business and that of our tenants are subject to federal, state, local and foreign
regulations. In certain jurisdictions, these regulations could be applied or enforced retroactively. Local zoning authorities and community organizations are often opposed to construction of communications sites in their communities and these
regulations can delay, prevent or increase the cost of new tower construction, modifications, additions of new antennas to a site or site upgrades, thereby limiting our ability to respond to tenant demands and requirements. In addition, in certain
foreign jurisdictions, we are required to pay annual license fees, and these fees may be subject to substantial increases by the government. Foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and currently are not required to pay license fees may enact
license fees, which may apply retroactively. In certain foreign jurisdictions, there may be changes to zoning regulations or construction laws based on site location which may result in increased costs to modify certain of our existing towers or
decreased revenue due to the removal of certain towers to ensure compliance with such changes. Existing regulatory policies may materially and adversely affect the associated timing or cost of such projects and additional regulations may be adopted
that increase delays or result in additional costs to us, or that prevent such projects in certain locations. Furthermore, the tax laws, regulations and interpretations governing REITs may change at any time. These factors could materially and
adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

If our tenants consolidate, merge or share site
infrastructure with each other to a significant degree, our growth, revenue and ability to generate positive cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

Significant consolidation among our tenants may result in the decommissioning of certain existing communications sites, because certain portions of these tenants’ networks may be redundant. For
example, in the United States, recently combined companies have either rationalized or announced plans to rationalize duplicative parts of their networks, which may result in the decommissioning of certain equipment on our communications sites. We
would expect a similar outcome in certain other countries where we do business if consolidation of certain tenants occurs. In addition, certain combined companies have undergone or are currently undergoing a modernization of their networks, and
these and other tenants could determine not to renew leases with us as a result. Our ongoing contractual revenues and our future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are not renewed. Similar consequences might
occur if wireless service providers engage in extensive sharing of site infrastructure, roaming or resale arrangements as an alternative to leasing our communications sites. 

We could suffer adverse tax or other financial consequences if taxing authorities do not agree with our tax positions. 

We periodically are subject to examinations by taxing authorities in the states and countries where we do business, and we expect that we
will continue to be subject to tax examinations in the future. Moreover, the Internal Revenue Service and any state or local tax authority may successfully assert liabilities against us for corporate income taxes for taxable years prior to the time
we qualified as a REIT, or with respect to our TRSs, in which case either we will owe these taxes plus applicable interest and penalties, if any, or we will offset additional income as determined by a tax authority with our NOLs. If we offset such
additional income with our NOLs, our required distributions to maintain our qualification and taxation as a REIT will increase and we may be required to pay deficiency dividends and an associated interest charge if our prior REIT distributions were
insufficient in light of the reduced available NOLs. 

12 

Table of Contents

In addition, domestic and international tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and
subject to varying interpretations. We recognize tax benefits of uncertain tax positions when we believe the positions are more likely than not to be sustained upon a challenge by the relevant tax authority. We believe our judgments in this area are
reasonable and correct, but there is no guarantee that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge. If there are tax benefits that are challenged successfully by a taxing
authority, we may be required to pay additional taxes or use our NOLs or we may seek to enter into settlements with the taxing authorities, all of which could require significant payments or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations or financial condition. 

A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a small number of tenants, and we
are sensitive to changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our tenants. 

A substantial portion of our
total operating revenues is derived from a small number of tenants. For the year ended December 31, 2012, four tenants accounted for approximately 74% of our domestic rental and management segment revenue; and five tenants accounted for
approximately 55% of our international rental and management segment revenue. If any of these tenants are unwilling or unable to perform their obligations under our agreements with them, our revenues, results of operations, financial condition and
liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. In the ordinary course of our business, we do occasionally experience disputes with our tenants, generally regarding the interpretation of terms in our leases. We have historically resolved these
disputes in a manner that did not have a material adverse effect on us or our tenant relationships. However, it is possible that such disputes could lead to a termination of our leases with tenants or a material modification of the terms of those
leases, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. If we are forced to resolve any of these disputes through litigation, our relationship with the applicable tenant could be
terminated or damaged, which could lead to decreased revenues or increased costs, resulting in a corresponding adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Additionally, due to the long-term nature of our tenant leases, we depend on the continued financial strength of our tenants. Many
wireless service providers operate with substantial leverage. Some of our tenants may experience financial difficulty or may file for bankruptcy. In addition, many of our tenants and potential tenants rely on capital raising activities to fund their
operations and capital expenditures. Downturns in the economy and disruptions in the financial and credit markets have periodically made it more difficult and more expensive to raise capital. If our tenants or potential tenants are unable to raise
adequate capital to fund their business plans, they may reduce their spending, which could materially and adversely affect demand for our communications sites and our network development services business. If, as a result of a prolonged economic
downturn or otherwise, one or more of our significant tenants experienced financial difficulties or filed for bankruptcy, it could result in uncollectible accounts receivable and an impairment of our deferred rent asset, tower asset, network
location intangible asset or customer-related intangible asset. The loss of significant tenants, or the loss of all or a portion of our anticipated lease revenues from certain tenants, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations or financial condition. 

Our foreign operations are subject to economic, political and other risks that could materially and
adversely affect our revenues or financial position, including risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Our international business operations and our expansion into new markets in the future could result in adverse financial consequences and operational problems not typically experienced in the United
States. For the year ended December 31, 2012, approximately 30% of our consolidated revenue was generated by our international operations, compared to 26% for the year ended December 31, 2011. We anticipate that our revenues from our
international operations will continue to grow. Accordingly, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including: 

•

 changes in a specific country’s or region’s political or economic conditions, including inflation; 

•

 laws or regulations that tax or otherwise restrict repatriation of earnings or other funds or otherwise limit distributions of capital;

13 

Table of Contents

•

 changes to existing or new tax laws or fees directed specifically at the ownership and operation of communications sites or our international
acquisitions, which may be applied or enforced retroactively; 

•

 changes to zoning regulations or construction laws, which could retroactively be applied to our existing communications sites;

•

 expropriation or governmental regulation restricting foreign ownership or requiring divestiture; 

•

 actions restricting or revoking spectrum licenses or suspending business under prior licenses; 

•

 material site security issues; 

•

 significant license surcharges; 

•

 increases in the cost of labor (as a result of unionization or otherwise); 

•

 potential failure to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or similar local anti-bribery laws, or Office of Foreign
Assets Control requirements; and 

•

 uncertain rulings or results from legal or judicial systems, including inconsistencies between and within laws, regulations and decrees, and judicial
application thereof, which may be enforced retroactively, and delays in the judicial process. 

In our
international operations, many of our tenants are subsidiaries of global telecommunications companies. These subsidiaries may not have the explicit or implied financial support of their parent entities. 

In addition, as we continue to invest in joint venture opportunities internationally, our partners may have business or economic goals
that are inconsistent with ours, be in positions to take action contrary to our interests, policies or objectives, have competing interests in our markets that could create conflict of interest issues, withhold consents contrary to our requests or
become unable or unwilling to fulfill their commitments, which could expose us to additional liabilities or costs, including requiring us to assume and fulfill the obligations of that joint venture. 

We also face risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including those arising from our operations, investments
and financing transactions related to our international business. Volatility in foreign currency exchange rates can also affect our ability to plan, forecast and budget for our international operations and expansion efforts. Our revenues earned from
our international operations are primarily denominated in their respective local currencies. We have not historically engaged in significant currency hedging activities relating to our non-U.S. Dollar operations, and a weakening of these
foreign currencies against the U.S. Dollar would have a negative impact on our reported revenues, operating profits and income. 

Our expansion initiatives involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our operating results, disrupt our operations or
expose us to additional risk if we are not able to successfully integrate operations, assets and personnel. 

As we
continue to acquire communications sites in our existing markets and expand into new markets, we are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including not meeting our return on investment criteria and financial objectives, increased costs,
assumed liabilities and the diversion of managerial attention due to acquisitions. Achieving the benefits of acquisitions depends in part on integrating operations, communications tower portfolios and personnel in a timely and efficient manner.
Integration may be difficult and unpredictable for many reasons, including, among other things, differing systems and processes, potential cultural differences, customary business practices and conflicting policies, procedures and operations. In
addition, the integration of businesses may significantly burden management and internal resources, including the potential loss or unavailability of key personnel. 

Furthermore, our international expansion initiatives are subject to additional risks such as complex laws, regulations and business practices that may require additional resources and personnel, and the
other risks 

14 

Table of Contents

described above in “—Our foreign operations are subject to economic, political and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position, including
risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.” As a result, our foreign operations and expansion initiatives may not succeed and may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial
condition. 

If we are unable to protect our rights to the land under our towers, it could adversely affect our business and operating
results. 

Our real property interests relating to our towers consist primarily of leasehold and sub-leasehold
interests, fee interests, easements, licenses and rights-of-way. A loss of these interests at a particular tower site may interfere with our ability to operate a tower and generate revenues. For various reasons, we may not always have the ability to
access, analyze and verify all information regarding titles and other issues prior to completing an acquisition of communications sites, which can affect our rights to access and operate a site. From time to time we also experience disputes with
landowners regarding the terms of ground agreements for land under a tower, which can affect our ability to access and operate a tower site. Further, for various reasons, landowners may not want to renew their ground agreements with us, they may
lose their rights to the land, or they may transfer their land interests to third parties, including ground lease aggregators, which could affect our ability to renew ground agreements on commercially viable terms. Approximately 88% of the
communications sites in our portfolio as of December 31, 2012 are located on land we lease pursuant to operating leases. Approximately 78% of the ground leases for these sites have a final expiration date of 2022 and beyond. Further, for
various reasons, title to property interests in some of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may not be as certain as title to our property interests in the United States. Our inability to protect our rights to the land under our towers may
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Increasing competition in the tower
industry may create pricing pressures that may materially and adversely affect us. 

Our industry is highly competitive
and our tenants have numerous alternatives in leasing antenna space. Some of our competitors, such as wireless carriers that allow collocation on their towers, are larger and may have greater financial resources than we do, while other competitors
may have lower return on investment criteria than we do. 

Competitive pricing for tenants on towers from these competitors
could materially and adversely affect our lease rates and services income, as well as require us to pay significantly more to acquire assets. In addition, we may not be able to renew existing tenant leases or enter into new tenant leases, resulting
in a material adverse impact on our results of operations and growth rate. Increasing competition could also make the acquisition of high quality tower assets more costly. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business,
results of operations or financial condition. 

If we are unable or choose not to exercise our rights to purchase towers that are subject
to lease and sublease agreements at the end of the applicable period, our cash flows derived from such towers would be eliminated. 

Our communications real estate portfolio includes towers that we operate pursuant to lease and sublease agreements that include a purchase option at the end of each lease period. We may not have the
required available capital to exercise our right to purchase leased or subleased towers at the end of the applicable period. Even if we do have available capital, we may choose not to exercise our right to purchase such towers for business or other
reasons. In the event that we do not exercise these purchase rights or are otherwise unable to acquire an interest that would allow us to continue to operate these towers after the applicable period, we would lose the cash flows derived from such
towers. In the event that we decide to exercise these purchase rights, the benefits of the acquisitions of a significant number of towers may not exceed the associated acquisition, compliance and integration costs, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

15 

Table of Contents

If we fail to qualify as a REIT or fail to remain qualified as a REIT, we would be subject to tax at
corporate income tax rates, which would substantially reduce funds otherwise available. 

We began operating as a REIT
for federal income tax purposes, effective for the taxable year beginning January 1, 2012. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will be taxed at corporate income tax rates unless certain relief provisions apply. We believe that we are organized
and will qualify as a REIT upon timely filing our federal income tax return for 2012, and we intend to operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT. However, we cannot guarantee that we will qualify or remain so qualified,
including if our Board of Directors determines it is no longer in our interests to be a REIT. 

Qualification as a REIT
requires application of certain highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), which provisions may change from time to time, to our operations as well as various factual
determinations concerning matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. There are limited judicial or administrative interpretations of the Code provisions. 

For instance, the net income of our TRSs is not required to be distributed to us, and such undistributed TRS income is generally not subject to our REIT distribution requirements. However, if the
accumulation of cash or reinvestment of significant earnings in our TRSs causes the fair market value of our securities in those entities, taken together with other non-qualifying assets, to exceed 25% of the fair market value of our assets, in each
case as determined for REIT asset testing purposes, we would, absent timely responsive action, fail to qualify as a REIT. 

If,
in any taxable year, we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT, and are not entitled to relief under the Code: 

•

 we will not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income; 

•

 we will be subject to federal and state income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate tax
rates; and 

•

 we would be disqualified from REIT tax treatment for the four taxable years following the year during which we were so disqualified.

Any corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for other
purposes. If we fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may need to borrow additional funds or liquidate some investments to pay any additional tax liability. Accordingly, funds available for investment and operations would be reduced.

We may be limited in our ability to fund required distributions using cash generated through our TRSs. 

As a REIT, we must distribute to our stockholders an amount equal to at least 90% of the REIT taxable income (determined before the
deduction for distributed earnings and excluding any net capital gain). Timing differences between the receipt of income and the recognition of income for federal income tax purposes, as well as the effect of non-deductible expenditures, may impair
our ability to fund required distributions. If our cash available for distribution falls short of our estimates, we may be unable to maintain distributions that approximate our REIT taxable income, and as a result, may fail to qualify for taxation
as a REIT. To the extent that we satisfy the 90% distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100% of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be
subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we distribute to our stockholders for a calendar year is less than the minimum amount specified under the Code. 

Our ability to receive distributions from our TRSs is limited by the rules with which we must comply to maintain our status as a REIT. In
particular, at least 75% of our gross income for each taxable year as a REIT must be derived from real estate, which principally includes gross income from the leasing of our communications sites and rental-related services. Consequently, no more
than 25% of our gross income may consist of dividend income from our TRSs and other non-qualifying types of income. Thus, our ability to receive 

16 

Table of Contents

distributions from our TRSs may be limited, and may impact our ability to fund distributions to our stockholders. Specifically, if our TRSs become highly profitable, we might become limited in
our ability to receive net income from our TRSs in an amount required to fund distributions to our stockholders commensurate with that profitability. 

In addition, the majority of our income and cash flows from our TRSs are generated from our international operations. In many cases, there are local withholding taxes and currency controls that may impact
our ability or willingness to repatriate funds to the United States to help satisfy REIT distribution requirements. 

Complying with REIT
requirements may limit our flexibility or cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. 

To qualify as a REIT
for federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the concentration of
ownership of our stock. Compliance with these tests will require us to refrain from certain activities and may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments, including the purchase of non-qualifying assets, the expansion of non-real
estate activities, and investments in the businesses to be conducted by our TRSs, and to that extent limit our opportunities and our flexibility to change our business strategy. We could also be required to liquidate otherwise attractive
investments, and could be limited in our ability to hedge liabilities and risks. Furthermore, acquisition opportunities in domestic and international markets may be adversely affected if we need or require the target company to comply with some REIT
requirements prior to closing. In addition, we may receive pressure from investors not to pursue growth opportunities that are not immediately accretive. 

Under the Code, no more than 25% of the value of the assets of a REIT may be represented by securities of one or more TRSs and other non-qualifying assets. This limitation may affect our ability to make
additional investments in our managed networks business or network development services segment as currently structured and operated, in other non-REIT qualifying operations or assets, or in international operations conducted through TRSs that we do
not elect to bring into the REIT structure. To meet our annual distribution requirements, we may be required to distribute amounts that may otherwise be used for our operations, including amounts that may otherwise be invested in future
acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt, and it is possible that we might be required to borrow funds, sell assets or raise equity to fund these distributions, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these
borrowings, sales or offerings. 

Certain of our business activities may be subject to corporate level income tax and foreign taxes,
which reduce our cash flows, and may have deferred and contingent tax liabilities. 

We are subject to certain federal,
state, local and foreign taxes on our income and assets, including alternative minimum taxes, taxes on any undistributed income and state, local or foreign income, franchise, property and transfer taxes. In addition, we could, in certain
circumstances, be required to pay an excise or penalty tax, which could be significant in amount, in order to utilize one or more relief provisions under the Code to maintain qualification for taxation as a REIT. Any of these taxes would decrease
our earnings and our available cash. 

Our TRS assets and operations will continue to be subject, as applicable, to federal and
state corporate income taxes and to foreign taxes in the jurisdictions in which those assets and operations are located. 

We
will also be subject to a federal corporate level tax at the highest regular corporate rate (currently 35%) on the gain recognized from a sale of assets occurring within a specified period (generally, ten years) after the REIT Conversion, up to the
amount of the built-in gain that existed on January 1, 2012, which is based on the fair market value of those assets in excess of our tax basis as of January 1, 2012. Gain from a sale of an asset occurring after the specified period ends
will not be subject to this corporate level tax. We currently do not 

17 

Table of Contents

expect to sell any asset if the sale would result in the imposition of a material tax liability, but our plans may change in the future. 

We may need additional financing to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives and to satisfy our REIT distribution requirements. 

To fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives and to satisfy our REIT distribution requirements, we may need to
raise additional capital through financing activities, sell assets or raise equity. We believe our cash provided by operations for the year ending December 31, 2013 will sufficiently fund our cash needs for operations, capital expenditures,
required REIT distribution payments and cash debt service (interest and principal repayments) obligations through 2013. However, we anticipate that we may need to obtain additional sources of capital in the future to fund capital expenditures,
future growth and expansion initiatives and satisfy our REIT distribution requirements. Depending on market conditions, we may seek to raise capital through credit facilities or debt or equity offerings. Additionally, a downgrade of our
credit rating below investment grade could negatively impact our ability to access credit markets or preclude us from obtaining funds on investment grade terms and conditions. Further, certain of our current debt instruments limit the amount of
indebtedness we and our subsidiaries may incur. Additional financing, therefore, may be unavailable, more expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness. If we are unable to raise capital when our needs arise, we may not be
able to fund our capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives or satisfy our REIT distribution requirements. 

Our
leverage and debt service obligations may materially and adversely affect us. 

In order to meet the REIT distribution
requirements and maintain our qualification and taxation as a REIT, we may need to borrow funds, sell assets or raise equity, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings, sales or offerings. Any insufficiency
of our cash flows to cover our REIT distribution requirements could adversely impact our ability to raise short- and long-term debt, to sell assets or to offer equity securities. Furthermore, the REIT distribution requirements may increase the
financing we need to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives. This would increase our total leverage. 

As of December 31, 2012, we had approximately $8.8 billion of consolidated debt and the ability to borrow additional amounts of approximately $0.7 billion under our credit facilities. Our leverage
could render us unable to generate cash sufficient to pay when due the principal of, interest on, or other amounts due with respect to our indebtedness. We are also permitted, subject to certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness, to draw
down on our credit facilities and obtain additional long-term debt and working capital lines of credit to meet future financing needs. 

Our leverage could have significant negative consequences on our business, results of operations or financial condition, including: 

•

 impairing our ability to meet one or more of the financial ratio covenants contained in our debt agreements or to generate cash sufficient to pay
interest or principal due under those agreements, which could result in an acceleration of some or all of our outstanding debt and the loss of towers subject to our securitization transaction if an uncured default occurs;

•

 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing; 

•

 increasing our borrowing costs if our current investment grade debt ratings decline; 

•

 requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of our cash flow
available for other purposes, including capital expenditures or REIT distributions; 

•

 requiring us to sell debt or equity securities or to sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, to meet payment obligations;

18 

Table of Contents

•

 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we compete; 

•

 limiting our ability to repurchase our common stock or make distributions to our stockholders; and 

•

 placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage to less leveraged competitors and competitors that may have better access to capital resources.

Restrictive covenants in the loan agreements related to our securitization transaction, the loan agreements for our
credit facilities and the indentures governing our debt securities could materially and adversely affect our business by limiting flexibility. 

The loan agreement related to our securitization transaction includes operating covenants and other restrictions customary for loans subject to rated securitizations. Among other things, the borrowers
under the loan agreement for the securitization transaction are prohibited from incurring other indebtedness for borrowed money or further encumbering their assets. A failure to comply with the covenants in the loan agreement could prevent the
borrowers from taking certain actions with respect to the towers subject to the securitization transaction and could prevent the borrowers from distributing any excess cash from the operation of such towers to us. If the borrowers were to default on
the loan, the servicer on the loan could seek to foreclose upon or otherwise convert the ownership of the towers subject to the securitization transaction, in which case we could lose such towers and the excess cash flow associated with such towers.

The loan agreements for our credit facilities contain restrictive covenants, as well as requirements to comply with certain
leverage and other financial maintenance tests, and could thus limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, guaranteeing indebtedness or making distributions to stockholders, and engaging in various types of
transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and sales of assets. Additionally, our indentures restrict our and our subsidiaries’ ability to incur liens securing our or their indebtedness. These covenants could have an adverse effect on our
business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, new tower development, mergers and acquisitions or other opportunities. Further, if these limits prevent us from satisfying our REIT distribution requirements, we could fail to qualify
for taxation as a REIT. If these limits do not jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a REIT but nevertheless prevent us from distributing 100% of our REIT taxable income, we would be subject to federal corporate income tax, and potentially a
nondeductible excise tax, on the retained amounts. 

In addition, reporting and information covenants in our loan agreements
and indentures require that we provide financial and operating information within certain time periods. If we are unable to timely provide the required information, we would be in breach of these covenants. For more information regarding the
covenants and requirements discussed above, please see Item 7 of this Annual Report under the caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital
Resources—Factors Affecting Sources of Liquidity” and note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 

We may incur goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges which could result in a significant reduction to our earnings.

We review goodwill and intangible assets annually to determine if it is impaired or more frequently in the event of
circumstances indicating potential impairment. These circumstances could include a decline in our actual or expected future cash flows or income, a significant adverse change in the business climate, a decline in market capitalization, or slower
growth rates in our industry, among others. If the testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill or other intangible
assets and the implied fair value of the goodwill or other intangible assets in the period the determination is made. 

19 

Table of Contents

While we did not record any impairment charges during the year ended December 31, 2012,
it is possible that in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges for our goodwill or for other intangible assets. These charges could be significant, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
or financial condition. 

We have limited experience operating as a REIT, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of
operations, cash flow and ability to satisfy debt service obligations. 

We have only been operating as a REIT since
January 1, 2012. Accordingly, the experience of our senior management operating a REIT is limited and may adversely affect our ability to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT. Failure to maintain REIT status could adversely affect our
financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and ability to satisfy debt service obligations. 

We could have liability under
environmental and occupational safety and health laws. 

Our operations, like those of other companies engaged in
similar businesses, are subject to the requirements of various federal, state, local and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations, including those relating to the management, use, storage, disposal, emission and
remediation of, and exposure to, hazardous and non-hazardous substances, materials and wastes. As the owner, lessee or operator of real property and facilities, we may be liable for substantial costs of investigation, removal or remediation of soil
and groundwater contaminated by hazardous materials, without regard to whether we, as the owner, lessee or operator, knew of, or were responsible for, the contamination. We may also be liable for certain costs of remediating contamination at
third-party sites to which we sent waste for disposal, even if the original disposal may have complied with all legal requirements at the time. Many of these laws and regulations contain information reporting and record keeping requirements. We
cannot assure you that we are at all times in complete compliance with all environmental requirements. We may be subject to potentially significant fines or penalties if we fail to comply with any of these requirements. The requirements of these
laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and could become more stringent in the future. In certain jurisdictions these laws and regulations could be applied or enforced retroactively. It is possible that these requirements will change or
that liabilities will arise in the future in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our towers or data centers may be affected by natural disasters and other unforeseen events for which our insurance may not provide adequate coverage. 

Our towers are subject to risks associated with natural disasters, such as ice and wind storms, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and
earthquakes, as well as other unforeseen events. Any damage or destruction to our towers or data centers, or certain unforeseen events, may impact our ability to provide services to our tenants. While we maintain insurance coverage for natural
disasters, we may not have adequate insurance to cover the associated costs of repair or reconstruction for a major future event. Further, we carry business interruption insurance, but our insurance may not adequately cover all of our lost revenues,
including potential revenues from new tenants that could have been added to our towers but for the event. If we are unable to provide services to our tenants, it could lead to tenant loss, resulting in a corresponding material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our costs could increase and our revenues could decrease due to perceived
health risks from radio emissions, especially if these perceived risks are substantiated. 

Public perception of
possible health risks associated with cellular and other wireless communications technology could slow the growth of wireless companies, which could in turn slow our growth. In particular, negative public perception of, and regulations regarding,
these perceived health risks could undermine the market acceptance of wireless communications services and increase opposition to the development and expansion of 

20 

Table of Contents

tower sites. The potential connection between radio frequency emissions and certain negative health or environmental effects has been the subject of substantial study by the scientific community
in recent years and numerous health-related lawsuits have been filed against wireless carriers and wireless device manufacturers. If a scientific study or court decision resulted in a finding that radio frequency emissions pose health risks to
consumers, it could negatively impact our tenants and the market for wireless services, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. We do not maintain any significant insurance with respect
to these matters.