Please carefully consider the following risk
factors. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In addition, these risks are not the only ones we face. 

We Face Intense Competition 

Our market segments are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and we have many competitors in different industries, including retail, e-commerce services, digital and web services. Many of our current and potential competitors have
greater resources, longer histories, more customers, and greater brand recognition. They may secure better terms from vendors, adopt more aggressive pricing and devote more resources to technology, fulfillment, and marketing. 

Competition may intensify as our competitors enter into business combinations or alliances and established companies in other market segments expand into
our market segments. In addition, new and enhanced technologies, including search, web services, and digital, may increase our competition. The Internet facilitates competitive entry and comparison shopping and renders e-commerce inherently more
competitive than other retail. Increased competition may reduce our sales and profits. 

Our Expansion Places a Significant Strain on
our Management, Operational, Financial and Other Resources 

We are rapidly and significantly expanding our global operations,
including increasing our product and service offerings. This expansion increases the complexity of our business and places significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal
financial control and reporting functions. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth and negatively affect our operating results. 

Our Expansion into New Products, Services, Technologies and Geographic Regions Subjects Us to Additional Business, Legal and Competitive Risks

We do not expect to benefit in our newer market segments, whether products, services, technologies or geographic areas, from any
first-to-market advantages. We may have limited or no experience in these new activities, and our customers may not adopt them. Our newer service offerings, including merchant services, digital and web services, may present new and difficult
technology challenges, and we may be subject to claims if customers of these offerings experience service disruptions or failures. In addition, our gross profits in our newer activities may be lower than in our older activities, and we may not be
successful enough in these newer 

9 

Table of Contents

activities to recoup our investments in them. If any of this were to occur, it could damage our reputation, limit our growth and negatively affect our
operating results. 

We May Experience Significant Fluctuations in Our Operating Results and Growth Rate 

We may not be able to accurately forecast our growth rate. We base our expense levels and investment plans on estimates of net sales. A significant
portion of our expenses and investments is fixed, and we may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our net sales are less than expected. 

Our revenue growth may not be sustainable, and our percentage growth rates may decrease. Our revenue and operating profit growth depends on the continued growth of demand for the products and services offered by us or
our third-party sellers, and our business is affected by general economic and business conditions worldwide. A softening of demand, whether caused by changes in consumer preferences or a weakening of the U.S. or global economies, may result in
decreased revenue or growth. 

Our net sales and operating results will also fluctuate for many other reasons, including due to risks
described elsewhere in this section and the following: 

•

 our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers’ demands; 

•

 our ability to expand our network of sellers; 

•

 our ability to acquire merchandise, manage inventory, and fulfill orders; 

•

 the introduction of competitive websites, products, services, price decreases, or improvements; 

•

 changes in usage of the Internet and e-commerce, including in non-U.S. markets; 

•

 timing, effectiveness, and costs of upgrades and developments in our systems and infrastructure; 

•

 the success of our geographic, service and product line expansions; 

•

 the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims; 

•

 variations in the mix of products and services we sell; 

•

 variations in our level of merchandise and vendor returns; 

•

 the extent to which we offer free shipping, continue to reduce product prices worldwide, and provide additional benefits to our customers;

•

 the extent to which we invest in technology and content, fulfillment and other expense categories; 

•

 increases in the prices of fuel and gasoline, as well as increases in the prices of other energy products and commodities like paper and packing supplies;

•

 the extent to which operators of the networks between our customers and our websites successfully charge fees to grant our customers unimpaired and unconstrained
access to our online services; 

•

 the extent to which Internet use is affected by spyware, viruses, “phishing” and other spam emails, “denial of service” attacks and similar
events; and 

•

 terrorist attacks and armed hostilities. 

We May Not Be Successful in Our Efforts to Expand into International Market Segments 

Our international activities
are significant to our revenues and profits, and we plan to further expand internationally. We have relatively little experience operating in these or future market segments and may not benefit from any first-to-market advantages or otherwise
succeed. It is costly to establish, develop and maintain 

10 

Table of Contents

international operations and websites and promote our brand internationally. Our international operations may not be profitable on a sustained basis.

In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international sales and operations are subject to a number of risks,
including: 

•

 local economic and political conditions; 

•

 government regulation of e-commerce or other online services and restrictive governmental actions (such as trade protection measures, including export duties and
quotas and custom duties and tariffs), nationalization and restrictions on foreign ownership; 

•

 restrictions on sales or distribution of certain products or services and uncertainty regarding liability for products, services and content, including uncertainty
as a result of less Internet-friendly legal systems, local laws, lack of legal precedent, and varying rules, regulations, and practices regarding the distribution of media products and enforcement of intellectual property rights;

•

 import, export, or other business licensing requirements; 

•

 limitations on the repatriation of funds and foreign currency exchange restrictions; 

•

 limited fulfillment and technology infrastructure;

•

 shorter payable and longer receivable cycles and the resultant negative impact on cash flow; 

•

 laws and regulations regarding consumer and data protection laws, privacy, network security, encryption, and restrictions on pricing or discounts;

•

 lower levels of use of the Internet; 

•

 lower levels of consumer spending and fewer opportunities for growth compared to the U.S.; 

•

 lower levels of credit card usage and increased payment risk; 

•

 difficulty in staffing, developing and managing foreign operations as a result of distance, language and cultural differences; 

•

 different employee/employer relationships and the existence of workers’ councils and labor unions; 

•

 laws and policies of the U.S. and other jurisdictions affecting trade, foreign investment, loans and taxes; and 

•

 geopolitical events, including war and terrorism. 

As the international e-commerce channel grows, competition will intensify. Local companies may have a substantial competitive advantage because of their greater understanding of, and focus on, the local customer, as
well as their more established local brand names. We may not be able to hire, train, retain, and manage required personnel, which may limit our international growth. 

In 2004, we acquired Joyo.com, which is organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and operates www.joyo.com and 
www.joyo.com.cn in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) in
cooperation with a PRC subsidiary and PRC affiliates. The PRC regulates Joyo.com’s business through regulations and license requirements restricting (i) foreign investment in the Internet, retail and delivery sectors, (ii) Internet
content and (iii) the sale of media products. In order to meet local ownership and regulatory licensing requirements, Joyo.com’s business is operated through a PRC subsidiary which acts in cooperation with PRC companies owned by nominee
shareholders who are PRC nationals. Although we believe Joyo.com’s structure complies with existing PRC laws, it involves unique risks. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation of PRC laws and regulations, and it is
possible that the PRC government will ultimately take a view contrary to ours. If Joyo.com or its subsidiary or affiliates were found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations or if interpretations of those laws and
regulations were to change, the business could be subject to 

11 

Table of Contents

fines and other financial penalties, have its licenses revoked or be forced to shut down entirely. In addition, if Joyo.com were unable to enforce its
contractual relationships with respect to management and control of its business, it might be unable to continue to operate the business. In addition, Joyo.com is subject to many of the risks described in “Our Business Could Suffer if We are
Unsuccessful in Making, Integrating, and Maintaining Acquisitions and Investments.” 

If We Do Not Successfully Optimize and
Operate Our Fulfillment Centers, Our Business Could Be Harmed 

If we do not successfully operate our fulfillment centers, it could
significantly limit our ability to meet customer demand. Because it is difficult to predict demand, we may not manage our facilities in an optimal way, which may result in excess or insufficient inventory or warehousing, fulfillment, and
distribution capacity. A failure to optimize inventory will increase our net shipping cost by requiring long-zone or partial shipments. Orders from several of our international websites are fulfilled primarily from a single location, and we have
only a limited ability to reroute orders to third parties for drop-shipping. We and our co-sourcers may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment and customer service centers. As we continue to add fulfillment and warehouse capability or add new
businesses with different fulfillment requirements, our fulfillment network becomes increasingly complex and operating it becomes more challenging. If the other businesses on whose behalf we perform inventory fulfillment services deliver product to
our fulfillment centers in excess of forecasts, we may be unable to secure sufficient storage space and may be unable to optimize our fulfillment centers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to operate our network effectively. 

We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers. If we are not able to negotiate
acceptable terms with these companies or they experience performance problems or other difficulties, it could negatively impact our operating results and customer experience. In addition, our ability to receive inbound inventory efficiently and ship
completed orders to customers also may be negatively affected by inclement weather, fire, flood, power loss, earthquakes, labor disputes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God and similar factors. 

Third parties either drop-ship or otherwise fulfill an increasing portion of our customers’ orders, and we are increasingly reliant on the
reliability, quality and future procurement of their services. Under some of our commercial agreements, we maintain the inventory of other companies, thereby increasing the complexity of tracking inventory and operating our fulfillment centers. Our
failure to properly handle such inventory or the inability of these other companies to accurately forecast product demand would result in unexpected costs and other harm to our business and reputation. 

The Seasonality of Our Business Places Increased Strain on Our Operations 

We expect a disproportionate amount of our net sales to occur during our fourth quarter. If we do not stock or restock popular products in sufficient
amounts such that we fail to meet customer demand, it could significantly affect our revenue and our future growth. If we overstock products, we may be required to take significant inventory markdowns or write-offs, which could reduce gross profits.
We may experience an increase in our net shipping cost due to complimentary upgrades, split-shipments, and additional long-zone shipments necessary to ensure timely delivery for the holiday season. If too many customers access our websites within a
short period of time due to increased holiday demand, we may experience system interruptions that make our websites unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders, which may reduce the volume of goods we sell and the attractiveness of
our products and services. In addition, we may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment and customer service centers during these peak periods and delivery and other fulfillment companies and customer service co-sourcers may be unable to meet
the seasonal demand. We also face risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A relating to fulfillment center optimization and inventory. 

We generally have payment terms with our vendors that extend beyond the amount of time necessary to collect proceeds from our customers. As a result of holiday sales, at December 31 of each year, our cash, cash 

12 

Table of Contents

equivalents, and marketable securities balances typically reach their highest level (other than as a result of cash flows provided by or used in investing
and financing activities). This operating cycle results in a corresponding increase in accounts payable at December 31. Our accounts payable balance generally declines during the first three months of the year, resulting in a corresponding
decline in our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances. 

Our Business Could Suffer if We Are Unsuccessful in
Making, Integrating, and Maintaining Commercial Agreements, Strategic Alliances, and Other Business Relationships 

We provide
e-commerce services to other businesses, such as through our Merchants@, Amazon Enterprise Solutions, Website by Amazon and Fulfillment by Amazon program initiatives, as well as other commercial agreements, strategic alliances and business
relationships. Under these agreements, we provide technology, fulfillment and other services, enable third parties to offer products or services through our websites, and power third-party websites. These arrangements are complex and require
substantial personnel and resource commitments by us, which may limit the agreements we are able to enter into and our ability to integrate and deliver services under them. If we fail to implement, maintain, and develop the components of these
commercial relationships, which may include fulfillment, customer service, inventory management, tax collection, payment processing, licensing of third-party software, hardware, and content, and engaging third parties to perform hosting and other
services, these initiatives may not be viable. The amount of compensation we receive under certain of these agreements is partially dependent on the volume of the other company’s sales. Therefore, if the other company’s offering is not
successful, the compensation we receive may be lower than expected or the agreement may be terminated. Moreover, we may not be able to enter into additional commercial relationships and strategic alliances on favorable terms. We also may be subject
to claims from businesses to which we provide these services if we are unsuccessful in implementing, maintaining or developing these services. 

As our commercial agreements terminate, we may be unable to renew or replace these agreements on comparable terms, or at all. Some of our agreements involve high margin services, such as marketing and promotional agreements, and as they
expire they may be replaced, if at all, by agreements involving lower margin services. We may in the future enter into amendments on less favorable terms or encounter parties that have difficulty meeting their contractual obligations to us, which
could adversely affect our operating results. 

Our present and future third-party services agreements, other commercial agreements, and
strategic alliances create additional risks such as: 

•

 disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses; 

•

 impairment of other relationships; 

•

 variability in revenue and income from entering into, amending, or terminating such agreements or relationships; and 

•

 difficulty integrating under the commercial agreements. 

Our Business Could Suffer if We Are Unsuccessful in Making, Integrating, and Maintaining Acquisitions and Investments 

We have acquired and invested in a number of companies, and we may acquire or invest in or enter into joint ventures with additional companies. These transactions create risks such as: 

•

 disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses; 

•

 problems retaining key personnel; 

•

 additional operating losses and expenses of the businesses we acquired or in which we invested; 

•

 the potential impairment of amounts capitalized as intangible assets as part of the acquisition; 

13 

Table of Contents

•

 the potential impairment of customer and other relationships of the company we acquired or in which we invested or our own customers as a result of any integration
of operations; 

•

 the difficulty of incorporating acquired technology and rights into our offerings and unanticipated expenses related to such integration;

•

 the difficulty of integrating a new company’s accounting, financial reporting, management, information, human resource and other administrative systems to
permit effective management, and the lack of control if such integration is delayed or not implemented; 

•

 the difficulty of implementing at companies we acquire the controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company; 

•

 potential unknown liabilities associated with a company we acquire or in which we invest; and 

•

 for foreign transactions, additional risks related to the integration of operations across different cultures and languages, and the economic, political, and
regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 

Finally, as a result of future acquisitions or mergers, we might
need to issue additional equity securities, spend our cash, or incur debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses related to intangible assets, any of which could reduce our profitability and harm our business. 

We Have Foreign Exchange Risk 

The results of operations of, and certain of our intercompany balances associated with, our international websites are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Upon translation, operating results may differ materially from
expectations, and we may record significant gains or losses on the remeasurement of intercompany balances. As we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has increased. 

In addition, our 6.875% PEACS are denominated in Euros and increases in the Euro relative to the U.S. Dollar increase the U.S. dollar amount we owe
as interest and principal on the 6.875% PEACS. We also hold cash equivalents and/or marketable securities primarily in Euros, British Pounds, and Japanese Yen. If the U.S. Dollar strengthens compared to these currencies, cash equivalents and
marketable securities balances, when translated, may be materially less than expected and vice versa. 

Our Investments and the
Consideration We Receive under Certain Commercial Agreements May Subject Us to a Number of Risks 

We have entered into, and may in
the future enter into, commercial agreements whereby we perform certain services in exchange for cash, equity securities of these companies, and/or additional benefits, such as website traffic. Our compensation may be dependent on the volume of the
other company’s sales. In some cases, we have also made separate cash investments in the other company. To the extent we have received equity securities as compensation, fluctuations in the value of such securities will affect our realization
of amounts we have received as compensation for services. 

In the past, we amended several of our commercial agreements to reduce our cash
proceeds, shorten the term of the agreements, or both. We may in the future enter into further amendments of our commercial agreements. Although these amendments did not affect the amount of unearned revenue previously recorded by us (if any), the
timing of revenue recognition of these recorded unearned amounts was changed to correspond with the terms of the amended agreements. To the extent we believe any such amendments cause or may cause the compensation to be received under an agreement
to no longer be fixed or determinable, we limit our revenue recognition to amounts received, excluding any future amounts not deemed fixed or determinable. As amounts are subsequently received, such amounts are incorporated into our revenue
recognition over the remaining term of the agreement. 

14 

Table of Contents

Our investments in equity securities are included in “Marketable securities” and “Other
assets” on our consolidated balance sheets. We may conclude in future quarters that the fair values of our investments have experienced additional other-than-temporary declines and reduce the carrying value of the securities and record a loss.

The Loss of Key Senior Management Personnel Could Negatively Affect Our Business 

We depend on our senior management and other key personnel, particularly Jeffrey P. Bezos, our President, CEO, and Chairman. We do not have “key
person” life insurance policies. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees could harm our business. 

System Interruption and the Lack of Integration and Redundancy in Our Systems May Affect Our Sales 

Customer access
to our websites and the speed with which a customer navigates and makes purchases on our websites affects our net sales, operating results and the attractiveness of our products and services. We experience occasional system interruptions and delays
that make our websites unavailable or slow to respond and prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders or providing services to third parties, which may reduce our net sales and the attractiveness of our products and services. If we are unable to
continually add software and hardware, effectively upgrade our systems and network infrastructure and take other steps to improve the efficiency of our systems, it could cause system interruptions or delays and adversely affect our operating
results. 

Our computer and communications systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by fire, flood, power loss,
telecommunications failure, earthquakes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, and similar events or disruptions. Any of these events could cause system interruption, delays, and loss of critical
data, and could prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders and providing other services, which would make our product and service offerings less attractive. Our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not
be sufficient. In addition, we may have inadequate insurance coverage to compensate us for any related losses. Any of these events could damage our reputation and be expensive to remedy. 

We Have Significant Indebtedness 

We have significant long-term debt and may incur substantial additional debt in the future. A significant portion of our future cash flow from operating activities is likely to remain dedicated to the payment of interest and the repayment
of principal on our indebtedness. There is no guarantee that we will be able to meet our debt service obligations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or obtain funds for required payments, or if we fail to comply with our debt
covenants, we will be in default. In addition, we may not be able to refinance our debt on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Our indebtedness could limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt
service requirements, acquisitions or other purposes in the future, as needed; to plan for, or react to, changes in technology and in our business and competition; and to react in the event of an economic downturn. 

We Face Significant Inventory Risk 

In addition to risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A relating to fulfillment center and inventory optimization by us and third parties, we are exposed to significant inventory risks that may adversely effect our operating results
as a result of seasonality, new product launches, rapid changes in product cycles, changes in consumer tastes with respect to our products and other factors. We must accurately predict these trends and avoid overstocking or under-stocking products,
and companies that have relationships with us in which they identify and buy inventory, as well as bear the risk of obsolescence, must do the same. Demand for products, however, can change significantly between the time inventory is ordered and the
date of sale. In addition, when we begin selling a new product, it may be difficult to establish vendor relationships, determine appropriate product 

15 

Table of Contents

selection, and accurately forecast product demand. The acquisition of certain types of inventory, or inventory from certain sources, may require significant
lead-time and prepayment, and such inventory may not be returnable. We carry a broad selection and significant inventory levels of certain products, such as consumer electronics, and we may be unable to sell products in sufficient quantities or
during the relevant selling seasons. Any one of the inventory risk factors set forth above may adversely affect our operating results. 

We May Not Be Able to Adequately Protect Our Intellectual Property Rights or May Be Accused of Infringing Intellectual Property Rights of Third Parties 

We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technology, and similar intellectual property as
critical to our success, and we rely on trademark, copyright, and patent law, trade secret protection, and confidentiality and/or license agreements with our employees, customers, and others to protect our proprietary rights. Effective intellectual
property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are made available. We also may not be able to acquire or maintain appropriate domain names in all countries in which we do business. Furthermore,
regulations governing domain names may not protect our trademarks and similar proprietary rights. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon, or diminish the value of our trademarks and
other proprietary rights. 

We may not be able to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use of our proprietary rights. Third
parties that license our proprietary rights also may take actions that diminish the value of our proprietary rights or reputation. The protection of our intellectual property may require the expenditure of significant financial and managerial
resources. Moreover, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights. We also cannot be certain that others will not
independently develop or otherwise acquire equivalent or superior technology or other intellectual property rights. 

Other parties also may
claim that we infringe their proprietary rights. We have been subject to, and expect to continue to be subject to, claims and legal proceedings regarding alleged infringement by us of the intellectual property rights of third parties. The ready
availability of damages, royalties and the potential for injunctive relief has increased the costs associated with the litigation and settlement of patent infringement claims, especially those asserted by third parties whose sole or primary business
is to assert such claims. Such claims, whether or not meritorious, may result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources, injunctions against us or the payment of damages. We may need to obtain licenses from third parties
who allege that we have infringed their rights, but such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. In addition, we may not be able to obtain or utilize on terms that are favorable to us, or at all, licenses or other rights
with respect to intellectual property we do not own in providing e-commerce services to other businesses and individuals under commercial agreements. 

Our digital content offerings depend in part on effective digital rights management technology to control access to digital content. If the digital rights management technology that we use is compromised or otherwise
malfunctions, we could be subject to claims, and content providers may be unwilling to include their content in our service. 

We Have
a Rapidly Evolving Business Model and Our Stock Price Is Highly Volatile 

We have a rapidly evolving business model. The trading
price of our common stock fluctuates significantly in response to, among other risks, the risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A, as well as: 

•

 changes in interest rates; 

•

 conditions or trends in the Internet and the e-commerce industry; 

•

 quarterly variations in operating results; 

16 

Table of Contents

•

 fluctuations in the stock market in general and market prices for Internet-related companies in particular; 

•

 changes in financial estimates by us or securities analysts and recommendations by securities analysts; 

•

 changes in our capital structure, including issuance of additional debt or equity to the public; 

•

 changes in the valuation methodology of, or performance by, other e-commerce companies; and 

•

 transactions in our common stock by major investors and certain analyst reports, news, and speculation. 

Volatility in our stock price could adversely affect our business and financing opportunities and force us to increase our cash compensation to employees
or grant larger stock awards than we have historically, which could hurt our operating results or reduce the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders, or both. 

Government Regulation of the Internet and E-commerce Is Evolving and Unfavorable Changes Could Harm Our Business 

We are subject to general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the Internet and e-commerce. Existing and future laws and regulations may impede the growth of the
Internet or online services. These regulations and laws may cover taxation, privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications, consumer protection, the provision of online payment
services, unencumbered Internet access to our services, and the characteristics and quality of products and services. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, libel, and personal privacy apply to the Internet
and e-commerce. Jurisdictions may regulate consumer-to-consumer online markets, including certain aspects of Amazon Marketplace. Unfavorable regulations and laws could diminish the demand for our products and services and increase our cost of doing
business. 

Taxation Risks Could Subject Us to Liability for Past Sales and Cause Our Future Sales to Decrease 

We do not collect sales or other taxes on shipments of most of our goods into most states in the U.S. Under some of our commercial agreements, the other
company is the seller of record, and we are obligated to collect sales tax in accordance with that company’s instructions. We may enter into additional agreements requiring similar tax collection obligations. Our fulfillment center and customer
service center networks, and any future expansion of them, along with other aspects of our evolving business, may result in additional sales and other tax obligations. We collect consumption tax (including value added tax, goods and services tax,
and provincial sales tax) as applicable on goods and services sold by us that are ordered on our international sites. One or more states or foreign countries may seek to impose sales or other tax collection obligations on out-of-jurisdiction
e-commerce companies. A successful assertion by one or more states or foreign countries that we should collect sales or other taxes on the sale of merchandise or services could result in substantial tax liabilities for past sales, decrease our
ability to compete with traditional retailers, and otherwise harm our business. 

Currently, U.S. Supreme Court decisions restrict the
imposition of obligations to collect state and local sales and use taxes with respect to sales made over the Internet. However, a number of states, as well as the U.S. Congress, have been considering initiatives that could limit or supersede the
Supreme Court’s position regarding sales and use taxes on Internet sales. If any of these initiatives were successful, we could be required to collect sales and use taxes in additional states. The imposition by state and local governments of
various taxes upon Internet commerce could create administrative burdens for us, put us at a competitive disadvantage if they do not impose similar obligations on all of our online competitors and decrease our future sales. 

We Could be Subject to Additional Income Tax Liabilities 

We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our worldwide provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of

17 

Table of Contents

business, there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. For example, our effective tax rates could be adversely affected
by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by
changes in the relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations, principles and interpretations. We are subject to audit in various jurisdictions, and certain jurisdictions may assess additional income tax against us. Although we believe our tax
estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on
our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 

Our Vendor Relationships Subject
Us to a Number of Risks 

We have significant vendors that are important to our sourcing of merchandise and content. We do not have
long-term arrangements with most of our vendors to guarantee availability of merchandise or content, particular payment terms, or the extension of credit limits. If our current vendors were to stop selling merchandise or content to us on acceptable
terms, we may not be able to acquire merchandise or content from other vendors in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all. 

We May Be Subject to Product Liability Claims if People or Property Are Harmed by the Products We Sell 

Some of the
products we sell may expose us to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or property damage, and may require product recalls or other actions. Certain third parties also sell products using our e-commerce platform that may
increase our exposure to product liability claims, such as if these sellers do not have sufficient protection from such claims. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities
actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, some of our agreements with our vendors and third-party sellers do not indemnify us from product liability. 

We Are Subject to a Number of Risks Related to Payments We Accept 

We accept payments by a variety of methods, including credit card, debit card, gift certificates, direct debit from a customer’s bank account,
physical bank check and payment upon delivery. As we offer new payment options to our customers, we may be subject to additional regulations, compliance requirements, and fraud. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay
interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower our profit margins. We are also subject to payment card association operating rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds
transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept
credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. Finally, we offer co-branded credit card
programs that represent a significant component of our services revenue and generate high margins. If one or more of these agreements are terminated and we are unable to replace them on similar terms, or at all, it could adversely affect our
operating results. 

We Could Be Liable for Breaches of Security on Our Websites 

Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect consumer information and prevent fraudulent credit card transactions and
other security breaches, failure to prevent or mitigate such fraud or breaches may adversely affect our operating results. 

We Could
Be Liable for Fraudulent or Unlawful Activities of Sellers 

The law relating to the liability of providers of online payment
services is currently unsettled. In addition, governmental agencies could require changes in the way this business is conducted. Under Merchants@, 

18 

Table of Contents

Marketplace and certain other of our programs, we may be unable to prevent sellers from collecting payments, fraudulently or otherwise, when buyers never
receive the products they ordered or when the products received are materially different from the sellers’ descriptions. Under our A2Z Guarantee, we reimburse buyers for payments up to certain limits in these situations and as our third party
sales grow, the cost of this program will increase and could negatively affect our operating results. In addition, the functionality of our payments program depends on certain third-party vendors delivering services. If these vendors are unable or
unwilling to provide services, our payments program and our businesses that use it may not be viable. Finally, we may be unable to prevent sellers in our Merchants@, Marketplace, Amazon Enterprise Solutions, and certain other programs from selling
unlawful goods, from selling goods in an unlawful manner, or violating the proprietary rights of others, and could face civil or criminal liability for unlawful activities by our sellers.