The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and
uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could be materially
adversely affected. 

We Face Intense Competition

The market segments in which we compete are rapidly
evolving and intensely competitive, and we have many competitors in different industries, including both the retail and e-commerce services industries. 

Many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition, and significantly greater
financial, marketing, and other resources than we have. They may be able to secure merchandise from vendors on more favorable terms and may be able to adopt more aggressive pricing policies. Competitors in both the retail and e-commerce services
industries also may be able to devote more resources to technology development, fulfillment, and marketing than we do. 

Competition in the e-commerce channel may intensify. Other companies in the retail and e-commerce service industries may enter into business combinations
or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions. As various Internet market segments obtain large, loyal customer bases, participants in those segments may expand into the market segments in which we operate. In addition, new and expanded
Web technologies, including search, web services, and digital, may further intensify the competitive nature of online retail and e-commerce services. The nature of the Internet as an electronic marketplace facilitates competitive entry and
comparison shopping and renders it inherently more competitive than conventional retailing formats. This increased competition may reduce our sales, operating profits, or both. 

8 

Table of Contents

Our Expansion Places a Significant Strain on our Management, Operational, Financial and Other
Resources 

We are rapidly and significantly expanding
our operations both domestically and internationally and will continue to expand further to pursue growth of our product and service offerings and customer base. Such expansion increases the complexity of our business and places a significant strain
on our management, operations, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to manage it effectively. Our current and planned personnel,
systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively manage our future operations, especially as we employ personnel in multiple geographic locations. We may not be able to hire, train, retain, motivate, and manage
required personnel, which may limit our growth. If any of this were to occur, it could damage our reputation, limit our growth, negatively affect our operating results and harm our business. 

Our Expansion into New Product Areas and Geographic Regions Subjects Us
to Business and Competitive Risks 

We do not expect to
benefit in our newer market segments, whether products, services or new geographic areas, from the first-to-market advantage that we experienced in the U.S. online book channel. Our gross profits in our newer business activities may be lower than in
our older business activities. In addition, we may have limited or no experience in new product and service activities and new geographic areas, and our customers may not favorably receive our new businesses. Our newer market segments may present
special technology challenges that we have not faced before. To the extent we pursue commercial agreements, acquisitions and/or strategic alliances to facilitate new product or service activities or geographic expansion, the agreements, acquisitions
and/or alliances may not be successful. If any of this were to occur, it could damage our reputation, limit our growth, negatively affect our operating results and harm our business. 

We May Experience Significant Fluctuations in Our Operating Results and Rate of Growth 

Due to our limited operating history, our evolving business model, and the
unpredictability of our industry, we may not be able to accurately forecast our rate of growth. We base our current and future expense levels and our investment plans on estimates of future net sales and rate of growth. A significant portion of our
expenses and investments is fixed, and we may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our net sales fall short of our expectations. 

Our revenue and operating profit growth depends on the continued growth of demand for the products and services offered by us or our sellers, and our
business is affected by general economic and business conditions throughout the world. A softening of demand, whether caused by changes in consumer preferences or a weakening of the U.S. or global economies, may result in decreased revenue or
growth. Terrorist attacks and armed hostilities create economic and consumer uncertainty that could adversely affect our revenue or growth. Such events could create delays in, and increase the cost of, product shipments, which may decrease demand.
Revenue growth may not be sustainable and our company-wide percentage growth rate may decrease in the future. 

Our net sales and operating results will also fluctuate for many other reasons, including: 

•

our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers’ demands; 

•

our ability to expand our network of sellers, and to enter into, maintain, renew, and amend on favorable terms our commercial agreements and strategic alliances;

•

foreign exchange rate fluctuations, particularly as international sales become an increasingly larger contributor to our revenues; 

•

our ability to acquire merchandise, manage inventory, and fulfill orders; 

9 

Table of Contents

•

the introduction by our current or future competitors of websites, products, services, price decreases, or improvements; 

•

changes in usage of the Internet and e-commerce, including in non-U.S. markets; 

•

timing, effectiveness, and costs of upgrades and developments in our systems and infrastructure; 

•

the effects of commercial agreements and strategic alliances and our ability to successfully implement the underlying relationships and integrate them into our business;

•

the effects of acquisitions, and other business combinations and our ability to successfully integrate them into our business; 

•

the success of our geographic and product line expansions; 

•

the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims; 

•

technical difficulties, system downtime, or interruptions; 

•

variations in the mix of products and services we sell; 

•

variations in our level of merchandise and vendor returns; 

•

disruptions in service by shipping carriers; 

•

the extent to which we offer free shipping, continue to reduce product prices worldwide, and provide additional benefits to our customers which reduce our gross or operating
profits; 

•

the extent to which we invest in technology and content, fulfillment, marketing and other expense categories; 

•

the extent to which we provide for and pay taxes; 

•

increases in the prices of fuel and gasoline, which are used in the transportation of packages, as well as increases in the prices of other energy products, primarily natural gas
and electricity, and commodities like paper and packing supplies, all of which are used in our operating facilities; 

•

the extent to which operators of the networks between our customers and our websites successfully charge fees to grant our customers unimpaired and unconstrained access to our
online services; and 

•

the extent to which overall Internet use is affected by spyware, viruses, and “phishing,” spoofing and other spam emails directed at Internet users, viruses and
“denial of service” attacks directed at Internet companies and service providers, and other events. 

Finally, both seasonal fluctuations in Internet usage and traditional retail seasonality are likely to affect our business. Internet usage generally slows
during the summer months, and sales in almost all of our product groups, particularly toys and electronics, usually increase significantly in the fourth calendar quarter of each year. 

We May Not Be Successful in Our Efforts to Expand into International Market Segments 

Our international activities are significant to our revenues and profits and
we plan, over time, to continue to expand our reach in international market segments. We have relatively little experience in purchasing, marketing, and distributing products or services for these or future market segments and may not benefit from
any first-to-market advantages. It is costly to establish international facilities and operations, promote our brand internationally and develop localized websites, stores, and other systems. We may not succeed in these efforts. Our net sales from
international market segments may not offset the expense of establishing and maintaining the related operations and, therefore, these operations may not be profitable on a sustained basis. 

Our international sales and related operations are subject to a number of
risks inherent in selling abroad, including, but not limited to, risks with respect to: 

•

foreign exchange rate fluctuations; 

•

local economic and political conditions; 

10 

Table of Contents

•

restrictive governmental actions (such as trade protection measures, including export duties and quotas and custom duties and tariffs) and restrictions on the level of foreign
ownership; 

•

restrictions on sales of certain products or services and uncertainty regarding our liability for the products or services we offer and content provided by us or our users,
including uncertainty as a result of less Internet-friendly legal systems, local laws, lack of legal precedent, and varying rules, regulations, and practices regarding the distribution of media products and enforcement of intellectual property
rights; 

•

import, export, or other business licensing requirements; 

•

limitations on the repatriation of funds and foreign currency exchange restrictions; 

•

difficulty in obtaining distribution and support; 

•

nationalization or restrictions on foreign ownership; 

•

shorter payable and longer receivable cycles and the resultant negative impact on cash flow; 

•

consumer and data protection laws and restrictions on pricing or discounts; 

•

lower levels of adoption or use of the Internet and other technologies vital to our business and the lack of appropriate infrastructure to support widespread Internet usage;

•

lower levels of consumer spending on a per capita basis and fewer opportunities for growth in certain foreign market segments compared to the U.S.; 

•

lower levels of credit card usage and increased payment risk; 

•

difficulty in staffing, developing and managing a number of unique foreign operations as a result of distance, language and cultural differences; 

•

different employee/employer relationships and the existence of workers’ councils and labor unions; 

•

laws and policies of the U.S. and other jurisdictions affecting trade, foreign investment, and loans; 

•

tax and other laws of the U.S. and other jurisdictions; and 

•

geopolitical events, including war and terrorism. 

As the international e-commerce channel continues to grow, competition will likely intensify. Local companies may have a substantial competitive advantage
because of their greater understanding of, and focus on, the local customer, as well as their more established local brand name recognition. In addition, governments in foreign jurisdictions may regulate e-commerce or other online services in such
areas as licenses, content, privacy, network security, copyright, encryption, taxation, or distribution. We may not be able to hire, train, retain, motivate, and manage required personnel, which may limit our growth in international market segments.

In 2004, we acquired Joyo.com, which is organized under the
laws of the British Virgin Islands and operates www.joyo.com and 
www.joyo.com.cn in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) in cooperation with a PRC subsidiary and PRC affiliates. The PRC regulates Joyo.com’s
business through regulations and license requirements restricting (i) the scope of foreign investment in the Internet, retail and delivery sectors, (ii) Internet content and (iii) the sale of certain media products. In order to meet
the PRC local ownership and regulatory licensing requirements, Joyo.com’s business is operated through a PRC subsidiary which acts in cooperation with PRC companies owned by nominee shareholders who are PRC nationals. Although we believe
Joyo.com’s structure complies with existing PRC laws, it involves unique risks. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation of PRC laws and regulations, and it is possible that the PRC government will ultimately take a view
contrary to ours. If Joyo.com or its subsidiary or affiliates were found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations or if interpretations of those laws and regulations were to change, the business could be subject to fines
and other financial penalties, have its licenses revoked or be forced to shut down entirely. In addition, if Joyo.com were unable to enforce its contractual relationships with respect to management 

11 

Table of Contents

and control of its business, it might be unable to continue to operate the business. In addition, Joyo.com is subject to many of the risks described in
“Our Business Could Suffer if We are Unsuccessful in Making, Integrating, and Maintaining Acquisitions and Investments.” 

If We Do Not Successfully Optimize and Operate Our Fulfillment Centers, Our Business Could Be Harmed 

If we do not successfully operate our fulfillment centers, it could
significantly limit our ability to meet customer demand. Because it is difficult to predict demand, we may not manage our facilities in an optimal way, which may result in excess or insufficient inventory or warehousing, fulfillment, and
distribution capacity. A failure to optimize inventory in our fulfillment network will increase our net shipping cost by requiring us to make long-zone shipments or partial shipments from one or more locations. Orders from several of our
internationally-focused websites are fulfilled primarily from a single fulfillment center, and we have only a limited ability to reroute orders to third parties for drop-shipping. We and our co-sourcers may be unable to adequately staff our
fulfillment and customer service centers. As we continue to add fulfillment and warehouse capability or add new businesses with different fulfillment requirements, our fulfillment network becomes increasingly complex and operating it becomes more
challenging. There can be no assurance that we will be able to operate our network effectively. 

We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to our fulfillment centers and completed orders to our customers. If we are not
able to negotiate acceptable terms with these companies or they experience performance problems or other difficulties, it could negatively impact our operating results and customer experience. In addition, our ability to receive inbound inventory
efficiently and ship completed orders to customers also may be negatively affected by inclement weather, fire, flood, power loss, earthquakes, labor disputes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God and similar factors. 

Third parties either drop-ship or otherwise fulfill an increasing portion of
our customers’ orders, and we are increasingly reliant on the reliability, quality, and future procurement of their services. Under some of our commercial agreements, we maintain the inventory of other companies in our fulfillment centers,
thereby increasing the complexity of tracking inventory in and operating our fulfillment centers. Our failure to properly handle such inventory or the inability or failure of these other companies to accurately forecast product demand would result
in unexpected costs and other harm to our business and reputation. 

The Seasonality of Our Business Places Increased Strain on Our Operations 

We expect a disproportionate amount of our net sales to be realized during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. If we do not stock popular products in
sufficient amounts or fail to have sources to timely restock popular products, such that we fail to meet customer demand, it could significantly affect our revenue and our future growth. If we overstock products, we may be required to take
significant inventory markdowns or write-offs, which could reduce gross profits. A failure to optimize inventory in our fulfillment network will harm our shipping margins by requiring us to make long-zone shipments or partial shipments from one or
more locations. Orders from several of our internationally-focused websites are fulfilled primarily from a single fulfillment center, and we have only a limited ability to reroute orders to third parties for drop-shipping. We may experience an
increase in our net shipping cost due to complimentary upgrades, split-shipments, and additional long-zone shipments necessary to ensure timely delivery, especially for the holiday season. If the other businesses on whose behalf we perform inventory
fulfillment services deliver product to our fulfillment centers in excess of forecasts, we may be unable to secure sufficient storage space and may be unable to optimize our fulfillment centers. If too many customers access our websites within a
short period of time due to increased holiday or other demand, we may experience system interruptions that make our websites unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders, which may reduce the volume of goods we sell and the
attractiveness of our products and services. In addition, we may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment centers during these peak periods and third parties that provide fulfillment services to our customers may be unable to meet the seasonal
demand. Finally, we, along with our customer service co-sourcers, may be unable to adequately staff customer service centers. 

12 

Table of Contents

We generally have payment terms with our vendors that extend beyond the amount of time necessary to
collect proceeds from our customers. As a result of holiday sales, at December 31 of each year, our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances typically reach their highest level (other than as a result of cash flows provided by
or used in investing and financing activities). This operating cycle results in a corresponding increase in accounts payable. Our accounts payable balance should decline during the first three months following year-end, which will result in a
decline in our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances. 

Our Business Could Suffer if We Are Unsuccessful in Making, Integrating, and Maintaining Commercial Agreements, Strategic Alliances, and Other Business Relationships 

We may enter into commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and other
business relationships with other companies. We have entered into agreements to provide e-commerce services to other businesses and we plan to enter into similar agreements in the future, including as part of our Merchants@, Syndicated Stores, and
Amazon Enterprise Solutions program initiatives. Under such agreements, we may perform services such as: providing our technology services such as search, browse, and personalization; permitting other businesses and individuals to offer products or
services through our websites; and powering third-party websites, either with or without providing accompanying fulfillment services. These arrangements are complex and require substantial personnel and resource commitments by us, which may
constrain the number of such agreements we are able to enter into and may affect our ability to integrate and deliver services under the relevant agreements. If we fail to implement, maintain, and develop successfully the various components of such
commercial relationships, which may include fulfillment, customer service, inventory management, tax collection, payment processing, licensing of third-party software, hardware, and content, and engaging third parties to perform hosting and other
services, these initiatives may not be viable. The amount of compensation we receive under certain of these agreements is partially dependent on the volume of sales that the other company makes. Therefore, if the other business’s website or
product or services offering is not successful, we may not receive all of the compensation we are otherwise due under the agreement or may not be able to maintain the agreement. Moreover, we may not be able to succeed in our plans to enter into
additional commercial relationships and strategic alliances on favorable terms. 

As our commercial agreements expire or otherwise terminate, we may be unable to renew or replace these agreements on comparable terms, or at all. In the past, we amended several of our commercial agreements to reduce
future cash proceeds to be received by us, shorten the term of the agreements, or both. Some of our agreements involve high margin services, such as marketing and promotional agreements, and as such agreements expire they may be replaced, if at all,
by agreements involving lower margin services. In addition, several past commercial agreements were with companies that experienced business failures and were unable to meet their obligations to us. We may in the future enter into further amendments
of our commercial agreements or encounter other parties that have difficulty meeting their contractual obligations to us, which could adversely affect our operating results. As an example, we are currently in litigation with Toysrus.com over our
commercial agreement, and Toysrus.com’s parent, Toysrus, Inc., recently was acquired by a private investment group. In the event of the early termination of our commercial agreement with Toysrus.com, we would attempt to replace the product
selection currently provided by Toysrus.com with owned inventory and offerings from other parties, but our operating results could be negatively impacted. 

Our present and future third-party services agreements, other commercial agreements, and strategic alliances create additional risks such as: 

•

disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses; 

•

impairment of other relationships; 

•

variability in revenue and income from entering into, amending, or terminating such agreements or relationships; and 

•

difficulty integrating under the commercial agreements. 

13 

Table of Contents

Our Business Could Suffer if We Are Unsuccessful in Making, Integrating, and Maintaining
Acquisitions and Investments 

We have acquired and
invested in a number of companies, and we may acquire or invest in (such as through joint ventures or other business combinations) additional companies. Acquisitions and investments create risks such as: 

•

disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses; 

•

problems retaining key technical and managerial personnel, resulting from, among other factors, changes in compensation, responsibilities, reporting relationships, future prospects,
and the direction of the business; 

•

additional operating losses and expenses of the businesses we acquired or in which we invested; 

•

the potential impairment of amounts capitalized as intangible assets as part of the acquisition; 

•

the potential impairment of customer and other relationships of the company we acquired or in which we invested or our own customers as a result of any integration of operations;

•

the difficulty of incorporating acquired technology and rights into our offerings and unanticipated expenses related to such integration; 

•

the difficulty of integrating a new company’s accounting, financial reporting, management, information, human resource and other administrative systems to permit effective
management, and the lack of control if such integration is delayed or not implemented; 

•

the difficulty of implementing controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company at companies that prior to acquisition or investment had lacked such
controls, procedures and policies; 

•

potential unknown liabilities associated with a company we acquire or in which we invest; and 

•

for foreign acquisitions and investments, additional risks related to the integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks, and the particular
economic, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 

Finally, as a result of future acquisitions or mergers, we might need to issue additional equity securities, spend our cash, or incur debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses related to intangible
assets, any of which could reduce our profitability and harm our business. 

We Have Foreign Exchange Risk 

The results of operations of, and certain of our intercompany balances associated with, our internationally-focused websites are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Upon translation, net sales and other
operating results may differ materially from expectations, and we may record significant gains or losses on the remeasurement of intercompany balances. As we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has
become more pronounced. See Item 7 of Part II, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Results of Operations—Effect of Exchange Rates” for a table demonstrating the effect
on our consolidated statements of operations from changes in exchange rates versus the U.S. Dollar. 

In addition, our 6.875% PEACS are denominated in Euros, not U.S. Dollars. We remeasure the principal of the 6.875% PEACS quarterly based on fluctuations
in the Euro/U.S. Dollar exchange ratio and record gains or losses in “Remeasurements and other” on our consolidated statements of operations. As a result, increases in the Euro relative to the U.S. Dollar increase the U.S. dollar
amount we owe as interest and principal. Furthermore, we hold cash equivalents and/or marketable securities primarily in Euros, British Pounds, and Yen. Accordingly, if the U.S. Dollar strengthens compared to these currencies, cash equivalents
and marketable securities balances, when translated, may be materially less than expected and vice versa. 

14 

Table of Contents

Our Investments and the Consideration We Receive under Certain Commercial Agreements May Subject Us
to a Number of Risks 

In the past, we have entered
into commercial agreements with other companies, including strategic alliances whereby we perform certain e-commerce services, and in exchange for our services we received cash, equity securities of these companies, and/or additional benefits, such
as website traffic. The amount of compensation we receive under certain of these agreements is dependent on the volume of sales made by the other company. In some cases, we have also made separate investments in the other company by making a cash
payment in exchange for equity securities of that company. We may make similar investments in the future. To the extent we have received equity securities as compensation, fluctuations in the value of such securities will affect our ultimate
realization of amounts we have received as compensation for services. 

In the past, we amended several of our commercial agreements to reduce future cash proceeds to be received by us, shorten the term of our commercial agreements, or both. We may in the future enter into further amendments of our commercial
agreements. Although these amendments did not affect the amount of unearned revenue previously recorded by us (if any), the timing of revenue recognition of these recorded unearned amounts was changed to correspond with the terms of the amended
agreements. To the extent we believe any such amendments cause or may cause the compensation to be received under an agreement to no longer be fixed or determinable, we limit our revenue recognition to amounts received, excluding any future amounts
not deemed fixed or determinable. As future amounts are subsequently received, such amounts are incorporated into our revenue recognition over the remaining term of the agreement. 

Our investments in equity securities are included in “Marketable securities” and “Other assets” on our
consolidated balance sheets. We regularly review all of our investments in public and private companies for other-than-temporary declines in fair value. When we determine that the decline in fair value of an investment below our accounting basis is
other-than-temporary, we reduce the carrying value of the securities we hold and record a loss in the amount of any such decline. In recent years, securities of companies in the Internet and e-commerce industries have experienced significant
difficulties. We may conclude in future quarters that the fair values of our investments have experienced additional other-than-temporary declines. As of December 31, 2005, our recorded basis in equity securities was $14 million, including $6
million classified as “Marketable securities” and $8 million classified as “Other assets.” 

The Loss of Key Senior Management Personnel Could Negatively Affect Our Business 

We depend on the continued services and performance of our senior management
and other key personnel, particularly Jeffrey P. Bezos, our President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board. We do not have “key person” life insurance policies. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key
employees could harm our business. 

System Interruption
and the Lack of Integration and Redundancy in Our Systems May Affect Our Sales 

Customer access to our websites and the speed with which a customer is able to navigate and make purchases on our websites directly affects the volume of goods we sell and the services we offer and thus affects our
net sales. We experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites unavailable or slow to respond and prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders or providing services to third parties, which may reduce our net sales and
the attractiveness of our products and services. If we are unable to continually add software and hardware, effectively upgrade our systems and network infrastructure and take other steps to improve the efficiency of our systems, it could cause
system interruptions or delays and adversely affect our operating results. 

Our computer and communications systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, earthquakes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, computer viruses,
physical or electronic break-ins, and similar events or disruptions. Any of these events could cause system interruption, delays, and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders. 

15 

Table of Contents

Should this occur, it would make our product offerings less attractive to our customers and our service offerings less attractive to third parties. While we
do have backup systems for certain aspects of our operations, our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. In addition, we may have inadequate insurance coverage or insurance
limits to compensate us for losses from a major interruption. If any of this were to occur, it could damage our reputation and be expensive to remedy. 

We Have Significant Indebtedness 

As of December 31, 2005, we had long-term indebtedness of $1.52 billion. We make annual or semi-annual interest payments on the indebtedness under
our two convertible notes, which are due in 2009 and 2010. Although we made debt principal reduction payments, we may incur substantial additional debt in the future, and in any event a significant portion of our future cash flow from operating
activities is likely to remain dedicated to the payment of interest and the repayment of principal on our indebtedness. Our indebtedness could limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service
requirements, acquisitions or other purposes in the future, as needed; to plan for, or react to, changes in technology and in our business and competition; and to react in the event of an economic downturn. 

There is no guarantee that we will be able to meet our debt service
obligations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or obtain funds for required payments, or if we fail to comply with covenants in our indebtedness, we will be in default. In addition, we may not be able to refinance our indebtedness on
terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

See Item 8 of Part II,
“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 4—Long-Term Debt and Other.” 

We Face Significant Inventory Risk 

We are exposed to significant inventory risks as a result of seasonality, new product launches, rapid changes in product cycles and changes in consumer
tastes with respect to our products. In order to be successful, we must accurately predict these trends and avoid overstocking or under-stocking products. Demand for products, however, can change significantly between the time inventory is ordered
and the date of sale. In addition, when we begin selling a new product, it may be difficult to establish vendor relationships, determine appropriate product selection, and accurately forecast product demand. A failure to optimize inventory within
our fulfillment network will increase our net shipping cost by requiring us to make split shipments from one or more locations, complimentary upgrades, and additional long-zone shipments necessary to ensure timely delivery. 

As a result of our third-party services relationships with Toysrus.com,
Babiesrus.com, Target, and other companies, these parties identify, buy, and bear the financial risk of inventory obsolescence for their corresponding stores and merchandise. As a result, if any of these parties fail to forecast product demand or
optimize or maintain access to inventory, we would receive reduced service fees under the agreements and our business and reputation could be harmed. 

The acquisition of certain types of inventory, or inventory from certain sources, may require significant lead-time and prepayment, and such inventory may
not be returnable. We carry a broad selection and significant inventory levels of certain products, such as consumer electronics, and we may be unable to sell products in sufficient quantities or during the relevant selling seasons. 

Any one of the inventory risk factors set forth above may adversely affect
our operating results. 

We May Not Be Able to Adequately
Protect Our Intellectual Property Rights or May Be Accused of Infringing Intellectual Property Rights of Third Parties 

We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technology, and similar intellectual property as
critical to our success, and we rely on trademark, copyright, and patent law, trade secret protection, and confidentiality and/or license agreements with our employees, customers, 

16 

Table of Contents

partners, and others to protect our proprietary rights. Effective trademark, service mark, copyright, patent, and trade secret protection may not be
available in every country in which our products and services are made available online. 

We also may not be able to acquire or maintain appropriate domain names in all countries in which we do business. Furthermore, regulations governing domain names may not protect our trademarks and similar proprietary
rights. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon, or diminish the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights. 

Policing unauthorized use of our proprietary rights is inherently difficult, and we may not be able to determine the
existence or extent of any such unauthorized use. In addition, third parties that license our proprietary rights may take actions that diminish the value of our proprietary rights or reputation. The protection of our intellectual property may
require the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. Moreover, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our
patents, trademarks, domain names, copyrights, trade secrets, and similar proprietary rights. We also cannot be certain that others will not independently develop or otherwise acquire equivalent or superior technology or other intellectual property
rights. 

Other parties also may claim that we infringe their
proprietary rights. We have been subject to, and expect to continue to be subject to, claims and legal proceedings regarding alleged infringement by us of the patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights of third parties. Such claims,
whether or not meritorious, may result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources, injunctions against us or the imposition of damages that we must pay. We may need to obtain licenses from third parties who allege that we
have infringed their rights, but such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. In addition, we may not be able to obtain or utilize on terms that are favorable to us, or at all, licenses or other rights with respect to
intellectual property we do not own in providing e-commerce services to other businesses and individuals under commercial agreements. 

We Have a Limited Operating History and Our Stock Price Is Highly Volatile 

We have a relatively short operating history and a rapidly evolving and unpredictable business model. The trading price of
our common stock fluctuates significantly. Trading prices of our common stock may fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, such as: 

•

general economic conditions; 

•

changes in interest rates; 

•

conditions or trends in the Internet and the e-commerce industry; 

•

fluctuations in the stock market in general and market prices for Internet-related companies in particular; 

•

quarterly variations in operating results; 

•

new products, services, innovations, and strategic developments by our competitors or us, or business combinations and investments by our competitors or us;

•

changes in financial estimates by us or securities analysts and recommendations by securities analysts; 

•

changes in Internet regulation; 

•

changes in our capital structure, including issuance of additional debt or equity to the public; 

•

additions or departures of key personnel; 

•

corporate restructurings, including layoffs or closures of facilities; 

•

changes in the valuation methodology of, or performance by, other e-commerce companies; and 

•

transactions in our common stock by major investors and certain analyst reports, news, and speculation. 

17 

Table of Contents

Any of these events may cause our stock price to rise or fall and may adversely affect our business and
financing opportunities. 

Future volatility in our stock price
could force us to increase our cash compensation to employees or grant larger stock awards than we have historically, which could hurt our operating results or reduce the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders, or both. 

Government Regulation of the Internet and E-commerce Is Evolving and
Unfavorable Changes Could Harm Our Business 

We are
subject to general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the Internet and e-commerce. Such existing and future laws and regulations may impede the growth of the Internet or other online services. These
regulations and laws may cover taxation, privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications, consumer protection, the provision of online payment services, unencumbered Internet access
to our services, and the characteristics and quality of products and services. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, libel, and personal privacy apply to the Internet and e-commerce.
Unfavorable resolution of these issues may harm our business. In addition, many jurisdictions currently regulate “auctions” and “auctioneers” and may regulate online auction services. Jurisdictions may also regulate other
consumer-to-consumer online markets, including certain aspects of Amazon Marketplace. This could, in turn, diminish the demand for our products and services and increase our cost of doing business. 

Taxation Risks Could Subject Us to Liability for Past Sales and Cause
Our Future Sales to Decrease 

We do not collect sales
taxes or other taxes with respect to shipments of most of our goods into most states in the U.S. Under some of our commercial agreements, the other company is the seller of record of the applicable merchandise and we are obligated to collect sales
tax in most states in accordance with that company’s instructions. We may enter into additional strategic alliances requiring similar tax collection obligations. Our fulfillment center and customer service center networks, and any future
expansion of those networks, along with other aspects of our evolving business, may result in additional sales and other tax obligations. We collect consumption tax (including value added tax, goods and services tax, and provincial sales tax) as
applicable on goods and services sold by us that are ordered on our international sites. One or more states or foreign countries may seek to impose sales or other tax collection obligations on out-of-jurisdiction companies that engage in e-commerce.
A successful assertion by one or more states or foreign countries that we should collect sales or other taxes on the sale of merchandise or services could result in substantial tax liabilities for past sales, decrease our ability to compete with
traditional retailers, and otherwise harm our business. 

Currently, decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court restrict the imposition of obligations to collect state and local sales and use taxes with respect to sales made over the Internet. However, a number of states, as well as the U.S. Congress,
have been considering various initiatives that could limit or supersede the Supreme Court’s position regarding sales and use taxes on Internet sales. If any of these initiatives addressed the Supreme Court’s constitutional concerns and
resulted in a reversal of its current position, we could be required to collect sales and use taxes in additional states. The imposition by state and local governments of various taxes upon Internet commerce could create administrative burdens for
us, put us at a competitive disadvantage if they do not impose similar obligations on all of our online competitors and decrease our future sales. 

Our Vendor Relationships Subject Us to a Number of Risks 

Although we continue to increase the number of vendors that supply products to us and no vendor accounts for 10% or more of
our inventory purchases, we have significant vendors that are important to our sourcing. We do not have long-term contracts or arrangements with most of our vendors to guarantee the availability of merchandise, particular payment terms, or the
extension of credit limits. If our current vendors were to stop 

18 

Table of Contents

selling merchandise to us on acceptable terms, we may not be able to acquire merchandise from other suppliers in a timely and efficient manner and on
acceptable terms. 

We May Be Subject to Product Liability
Claims if People or Property Are Harmed by the Products We Sell 

Some of the products we sell may expose us to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or property damage caused by such products, and may require us to take actions such as product recalls.
Certain businesses and individuals also sell products using our e-commerce platform that may increase our exposure to product liability claims, such as if these sellers do not have sufficient resources to protect themselves from such claims.
Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, some
of our vendor agreements with our distributors, manufacturers, and third-party sellers do not indemnify us from product liability. 

We Are Subject to a Number of Risks Related to Payments We Accept 

We accept payments by a variety of methods, including credit card, debit card, gift certificates, direct debit from a
customer’s bank account, physical bank check and payment upon delivery. As we offer new payment options to our customers, like direct debit in the U.S., we may be subject to additional regulations, compliance requirements, and fraud. For
certain payment transactions, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower our profit margins. We are also subject to payment card association operating
rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to
fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be
adversely affected. Finally, we offer co-branded credit card programs that represent a significant component of our services revenue and generate high margins. If one or more of these agreements are terminated and we are unable to replace them on
similar terms, or at all, it could adversely affect our operating results. 

We Could Be Liable for Breaches of Security on Our Website 

A fundamental requirement for e-commerce is the secure storage and transmission of confidential information. Although we have developed systems and
processes that are designed to protect consumer information and prevent fraudulent credit card transactions and other security breaches, failure to mitigate such fraud or breaches may adversely affect our operating results. 

We Could Be Liable for Fraudulent or Unlawful Activities of Sellers

The law relating to the liability of providers of
online payment services is currently unsettled. In addition, we are aware that governmental agencies have investigated the provision of online payment services and could require changes in the way this business is conducted. Under Merchants@,
Marketplace and certain other of our programs, we may be unable to prevent sellers from collecting payments, fraudulently or otherwise, when buyers never receive the products they ordered or when the products received are materially different from
the sellers’ descriptions. Under our A2Z Guarantee, we reimburse buyers for payments up to certain limits in these situations and as our third party sales grow, the cost of this program will increase and could negatively affect our operating
results. Any costs we incur as a result of liability because of our A2Z Guarantee or otherwise could harm our business. In addition, the functionality of our payments program depends on certain third-party vendors delivering services. If these
vendors are unable or unwilling to provide services, our payments program and our businesses that use it may not be viable. Finally, we may be unable to prevent sellers in our Merchants@, Marketplace, Amazon Enterprise Solutions, and certain other
programs from selling unlawful goods, from selling goods in an unlawful manner, or violating the proprietary rights of others, and could face civil or criminal liability for unlawful activities by our sellers. 

19 

Table of Contents

We May Not Be Able to Adapt Quickly Enough to Changing Customer Requirements and Industry Standards

Technology in the e-commerce industry changes
rapidly. We may not be able to adapt quickly enough to changing customer requirements and preferences and industry standards. Competitors often introduce new products and services with new technologies. These changes and the emergence of new
industry standards and practices could render our existing websites and proprietary technology obsolete.