Please carefully consider the following risk factors. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial
condition, operating results, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In addition, the current global economic climate amplifies many of these risks. 

We Face Intense Competition 

Our businesses are rapidly evolving and
intensely competitive, and we have many competitors in different industries, including retail, e-commerce services, digital content and digital media devices, and web services. Many of our current and potential competitors have greater resources,
longer histories, more customers, and greater brand recognition. They may secure better terms from vendors, adopt more aggressive pricing and devote more resources to technology, fulfillment, and marketing. 

Competition may intensify as our competitors enter into business combinations or alliances and established companies in other market
segments expand into our market segments. In addition, new and enhanced technologies, including search, web services, and digital, may increase our competition. The Internet facilitates competitive entry and comparison shopping, and increased
competition may reduce our sales and profits. 

Our Expansion Places a Significant Strain on our Management, Operational,
Financial and Other Resources 

We are rapidly and significantly expanding our global operations, including increasing
our product and service offerings and scaling our infrastructure to support our retail and services businesses. This expansion increases the complexity of our business and places significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems,
technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth and negatively affect our operating results.

6 

Table of Contents

Our Expansion into New Products, Services, Technologies and Geographic Regions
Subjects Us to Additional Business, Legal, Financial and Competitive Risks 

We may have limited or no experience in our
newer market segments, and our customers may not adopt our new product or service offerings, which include seller services, digital, web services and electronic devices. These offerings may present new and difficult technology challenges, and we may
be subject to claims if customers of these offerings experience service disruptions or failures or other quality issues. In addition, profitability, if any, in our newer activities may be lower than in our older activities, and we may not be
successful enough in these newer activities to recoup our investments in them. If any of this were to occur, it could damage our reputation, limit our growth and negatively affect our operating results. 

We May Experience Significant Fluctuations in Our Operating Results and Growth Rate 

We may not be able to accurately forecast our growth rate. We base our expense levels and investment plans on sales estimates. A significant
portion of our expenses and investments is fixed, and we may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our sales are less than expected. 

Our revenue growth may not be sustainable, and our percentage growth rates may decrease. Our revenue and operating profit growth depends on the continued growth of demand for the products and services
offered by us or our sellers, and our business is affected by general economic and business conditions worldwide. A softening of demand, whether caused by changes in customer preferences or a weakening of the U.S. or global economies, may result in
decreased revenue or growth. 

Our net sales and operating results will also fluctuate for many other reasons, including due to
risks described elsewhere in this section and the following: 

•

 our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers’ demands;

•

 our ability to retain and expand our network of sellers; 

•

 our ability to offer products on favorable terms, manage inventory, and fulfill orders; 

•

 the introduction of competitive websites, products, services, price decreases, or improvements; 

•

 changes in usage of the Internet and e-commerce, including in non-U.S. markets; 

•

 timing, effectiveness, and costs of expansion and upgrades of our systems and infrastructure; 

•

 the success of our geographic, service, and product line expansions; 

•

 the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims; 

•

 variations in the mix of products and services we sell; 

•

 variations in our level of merchandise and vendor returns; 

•

 the extent to which we offer free shipping, continue to reduce product prices worldwide, and provide additional benefits to our customers;

•

 the extent to which we invest in technology and content, fulfillment, and other expense categories; 

•

 increases in the prices of fuel and gasoline, as well as increases in the prices of other energy products and commodities like paper and packing
supplies; 

•

 the extent to which operators of the networks between our customers and our websites successfully charge fees to grant our customers unimpaired and
unconstrained access to our online services; 

•

 our ability to collect amounts owed to us when they become due; 

•

 the extent to which use of our services is affected by spyware, viruses, phishing and other spam emails, denial of service attacks, data theft,
computer intrusions and similar events; and 

•

 terrorist attacks and armed hostilities. 

7 

Table of Contents

We May Not Be Successful in Our Efforts to Expand into International Market Segments

Our international activities are significant to our revenues and profits, and we plan to further expand
internationally. In certain international market segments, we have relatively little operating experience and may not benefit from any first-to-market advantages or otherwise succeed. It is costly to establish, develop and maintain international
operations and websites and promote our brand internationally. Our international operations may not be profitable on a sustained basis. 

In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international sales and operations are subject to a number of risks, including: 

•

 local economic and political conditions; 

•

 government regulation of e-commerce, other online services and electronic devices and restrictive governmental actions (such as trade protection
measures, including export duties and quotas and custom duties and tariffs), nationalization and restrictions on foreign ownership; 

•

 restrictions on sales or distribution of certain products or services and uncertainty regarding liability for products, services and content, including
uncertainty as a result of less Internet-friendly legal systems, local laws, lack of legal precedent, and varying rules, regulations, and practices regarding the physical and digital distribution of media products and enforcement of intellectual
property rights; 

•

 business licensing or certification requirements, such as for imports, exports and electronic devices; 

•

 limitations on the repatriation and investment of funds and foreign currency exchange restrictions; 

•

 limited fulfillment and technology infrastructure; 

•

 shorter payable and longer receivable cycles and the resultant negative impact on cash flow; 

•

 laws and regulations regarding consumer and data protection, privacy, network security, encryption, and restrictions on pricing or discounts;

•

 lower levels of use of the Internet; 

•

 lower levels of consumer spending and fewer opportunities for growth compared to the U.S.; 

•

 lower levels of credit card usage and increased payment risk; 

•

 difficulty in staffing, developing and managing foreign operations as a result of distance, language and cultural differences;

•

 different employee/employer relationships and the existence of workers’ councils and labor unions; 

•

 laws and policies of the U.S. and other jurisdictions affecting trade, foreign investment, loans and taxes; and 

•

 geopolitical events, including war and terrorism. 

As the international e-commerce channel grows, competition will intensify. Local companies may have a substantial competitive advantage because of their greater understanding of, and focus on, the local
customer, as well as their more established local brand names. We may not be able to hire, train, retain, and manage required personnel, which may limit our international growth. 

In 2004, we acquired Joyo.com Limited, which is organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and through a People’s Republic
of China (“PRC”) entity, provides technology and services for the Joyo Amazon websites. The PRC regulates Joyo Amazon’s business through regulations and license requirements restricting (i) foreign investment in the Internet,
retail and delivery sectors, (ii) Internet content and (iii) the sale of media and other products. In order to meet local ownership and regulatory licensing requirements, Joyo Amazon’s business is operated by PRC companies owned by
nominee shareholders who are PRC nationals. Although we

8 

Table of Contents

believe Joyo Amazon’s structure complies with existing PRC laws, it involves unique risks. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation of PRC laws and regulations, and
it is possible that the PRC government will ultimately take a view contrary to ours. If Joyo Amazon (including its subsidiary and affiliates) were found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations or if interpretations of
those laws and regulations were to change, the business could be subject to fines and other financial penalties, have its licenses revoked or be forced to shut down entirely. In addition, if Joyo Amazon were unable to enforce its contractual
relationships with respect to management and control of its business, it might be unable to continue to operate the business. 

If We Do Not Successfully Optimize and Operate Our Fulfillment Centers, Our Business Could Be Harmed 

If
we do not adequately predict customer demand or otherwise optimize and operate our fulfillment centers successfully, it could result in excess or insufficient inventory or fulfillment capacity, result in increased costs, impairment charges, or both,
or harm our business in other ways. A failure to optimize inventory will increase our net shipping cost by requiring long-zone or partial shipments. Orders from several of our websites are fulfilled primarily from a single location, and we have only
a limited ability to reroute orders to third parties for drop-shipping. We and our co-sourcers may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment and customer service centers. As we continue to add fulfillment and warehouse capability or add new
businesses with different fulfillment requirements, our fulfillment network becomes increasingly complex and operating it becomes more challenging. If the other businesses on whose behalf we perform inventory fulfillment services deliver product to
our fulfillment centers in excess of forecasts, we may be unable to secure sufficient storage space and may be unable to optimize our fulfillment centers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to operate our network effectively. 

We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers. If we are not able to
negotiate acceptable terms with these companies or they experience performance problems or other difficulties, it could negatively impact our operating results and customer experience. In addition, our ability to receive inbound inventory
efficiently and ship completed orders to customers also may be negatively affected by inclement weather, fire, flood, power loss, earthquakes, labor disputes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God and similar factors. 

Third parties either drop-ship or otherwise fulfill an increasing portion of our customers’ orders, and we are increasingly reliant on
the reliability, quality and future procurement of their services. Under some of our commercial agreements, we maintain the inventory of other companies, thereby increasing the complexity of tracking inventory and operating our fulfillment centers.
Our failure to properly handle such inventory or the inability of these other companies to accurately forecast product demand would result in unexpected costs and other harm to our business and reputation. 

The Seasonality of Our Business Places Increased Strain on Our Operations 

We expect a disproportionate amount of our net sales to occur during our fourth quarter. If we do not stock or restock popular products in
sufficient amounts such that we fail to meet customer demand, it could significantly affect our revenue and our future growth. If we overstock products, we may be required to take significant inventory markdowns or write-offs, which could reduce
gross profits. We may experience an increase in our net shipping cost due to complimentary upgrades, split-shipments, and additional long-zone shipments necessary to ensure timely delivery for the holiday season. If too many customers access our
websites within a short period of time due to increased holiday demand, we may experience system interruptions that make our websites unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders, which may reduce the volume of goods we sell and the
attractiveness of our products and services. In addition, we may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment and customer service centers during these peak periods and delivery and other fulfillment companies and customer service co-sourcers may
be unable to meet the seasonal demand. We also face risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A relating to fulfillment center optimization and inventory. 

9 

Table of Contents

We generally have payment terms with our vendors that extend beyond the amount of time
necessary to collect proceeds from our customers. As a result of holiday sales, at December 31 of each year, our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances typically reach their highest level (other than as a result of cash
flows provided by or used in investing and financing activities). This operating cycle results in a corresponding increase in accounts payable at December 31. Our accounts payable balance generally declines during the first three months of the
year, resulting in a corresponding decline in our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances. 

Our
Business Could Suffer if We Are Unsuccessful in Making, Integrating, and Maintaining Commercial Agreements, Strategic Alliances, and Other Business Relationships 

We provide e-commerce services to other businesses through our seller programs and other commercial agreements, strategic alliances and business relationships. Under these agreements, we provide
technology, fulfillment and other services, as well as enable sellers to offer products or services through our websites and power their websites. These arrangements are complex and require substantial personnel and resource commitments by us, which
may limit the agreements we are able to enter into and our ability to integrate and deliver services under them. If we fail to implement, maintain, and develop the components of these commercial relationships, which may include fulfillment, customer
service, inventory management, tax collection, payment processing, licensing of third-party software, hardware, and content, and engaging third parties to perform hosting and other services, these initiatives may not be viable. The amount of
compensation we receive under certain of these agreements is partially dependent on the volume of the other company’s sales. Therefore, if the other company’s offering is not successful, the compensation we receive may be lower than
expected or the agreement may be terminated. Moreover, we may not be able to enter into additional commercial relationships and strategic alliances on favorable terms. We also may be subject to claims from businesses to which we provide these
services if we are unsuccessful in implementing, maintaining or developing these services. 

As our agreements terminate, we
may be unable to renew or replace these agreements on comparable terms, or at all. Some of our agreements involve high margin services, such as marketing and promotional agreements, and as they expire they may be replaced, if at all, by agreements
involving lower margin services. We may in the future enter into amendments on less favorable terms or encounter parties that have difficulty meeting their contractual obligations to us, which could adversely affect our operating results.

Our present and future e-commerce services agreements, other commercial agreements, and strategic alliances create additional
risks such as: 

•

 disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses; 

•

 impairment of other relationships; 

•

 variability in revenue and income from entering into, amending, or terminating such agreements or relationships; and 

•

 difficulty integrating under the commercial agreements. 

Our Business Could Suffer if We Are Unsuccessful in Making, Integrating, and Maintaining Acquisitions and Investments

We have acquired and invested in a number of companies, and we may acquire or invest in or enter into joint ventures
with additional companies. These transactions create risks such as: 

•

 disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses; 

•

 problems retaining key personnel; 

•

 additional operating losses and expenses of the businesses we acquired or in which we invested; 

•

 the potential impairment of tangible assets, such as inventory, and intangible assets and goodwill acquired in the acquisitions;

10 

Table of Contents

•

 the potential impairment of customer and other relationships of the company we acquired or in which we invested or our own customers as a result of any
integration of operations; 

•

 the difficulty of incorporating acquired technology and rights into our offerings and unanticipated expenses related to such integration;

•

 the difficulty of integrating a new company’s accounting, financial reporting, management, information, human resource and other administrative
systems to permit effective management, and the lack of control if such integration is delayed or not implemented; 

•

 the difficulty of implementing at companies we acquire the controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company;

•

 potential unknown liabilities associated with a company we acquire or in which we invest; and 

•

 for foreign transactions, additional risks related to the integration of operations across different cultures and languages, and the economic,
political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 

As a result of future acquisitions or
mergers, we might need to issue additional equity securities, spend our cash, or incur debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses related to intangible assets, any of which could reduce our profitability and harm our business. In
addition, valuations supporting our acquisitions and strategic investments could change rapidly given the current global economic climate. We could determine that such valuations have experienced impairments or other-than-temporary declines in fair
value which could adversely impact our financial results. 

We Have Foreign Exchange Risk 

The results of operations of, and certain of our intercompany balances associated with, our international websites are exposed to foreign
exchange rate fluctuations. Upon translation, operating results may differ materially from expectations, and we may record significant gains or losses on the remeasurement of intercompany balances. As we have expanded our international operations,
our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has increased. We also hold cash equivalents and/or marketable securities primarily in Euros, British Pounds, and Japanese Yen. If the U.S. Dollar strengthens compared to these currencies, cash
equivalents and marketable securities balances, when translated, may be materially less than expected and vice versa. 

The Loss of Key Senior Management Personnel Could Negatively Affect Our Business 

We depend on our
senior management and other key personnel, particularly Jeffrey P. Bezos, our President, CEO, and Chairman. We do not have “key person” life insurance policies. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees could harm
our business. 

System Interruption and the Lack of Integration and Redundancy in Our Systems May Affect Our Sales

Customer access to our websites and the speed with which a customer navigates and makes purchases on our websites
affect our net sales, operating results and the attractiveness of our products and services. We experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites unavailable or slow to respond and prevent us from efficiently fulfilling
orders or providing services to third parties, which may reduce our net sales and the attractiveness of our products and services. If we are unable to continually add software and hardware, effectively upgrade our systems and network infrastructure
and take other steps to improve the efficiency of our systems, it could cause system interruptions or delays and adversely affect our operating results. 

Our computer and communications systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, earthquakes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, computer
viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, and similar events or disruptions. Any of these events could cause system interruption, delays, and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders

11 

Table of Contents

and providing services, which would make our product and service offerings less attractive. Our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient. In
addition, we may have inadequate insurance coverage to compensate us for any related losses. Any of these events could damage our reputation and be expensive to remedy. 

We Face Significant Inventory Risk 

In addition to risks described
elsewhere in this Item 1A relating to fulfillment center and inventory optimization by us and third parties, we are exposed to significant inventory risks that may adversely affect our operating results as a result of seasonality, new product
launches, rapid changes in product cycles, changes in consumer demand and consumer spending patterns, changes in consumer tastes with respect to our products and other factors. We endeavor to accurately predict these trends and avoid overstocking or
understocking products we manufacture and/or sell. Demand for products, however, can change significantly between the time inventory or components are ordered and the date of sale. In addition, when we begin selling or manufacturing a new product,
it may be difficult to establish vendor relationships, determine appropriate product or component selection, and accurately forecast demand. The acquisition of certain types of inventory or components may require significant lead-time and prepayment
and they may not be returnable. We carry a broad selection and significant inventory levels of certain products, such as consumer electronics, and we may be unable to sell products in sufficient quantities or during the relevant selling seasons. Any
one of the inventory risk factors set forth above may adversely affect our operating results. 

We May Not Be Able to
Adequately Protect Our Intellectual Property Rights or May Be Accused of Infringing Intellectual Property Rights of Third Parties 

We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technology, and similar intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on trademark,
copyright, and patent law, trade secret protection, and confidentiality and/or license agreements with our employees, customers, and others to protect our proprietary rights. Effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every
country in which our products and services are made available. We also may not be able to acquire or maintain appropriate domain names in all countries in which we do business. Furthermore, regulations governing domain names may not protect our
trademarks and similar proprietary rights. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon, or diminish the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights. 

We may not be able to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use of our proprietary rights. Third parties that license our
proprietary rights also may take actions that diminish the value of our proprietary rights or reputation. The protection of our intellectual property may require the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. Moreover, the steps
we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights. We also cannot be certain that others will not independently develop or otherwise
acquire equivalent or superior technology or other intellectual property rights. 

Other parties also may claim that we
infringe their proprietary rights. We have been subject to, and expect to continue to be subject to, claims and legal proceedings regarding alleged infringement by us of the intellectual property rights of third parties. Such claims, whether or not
meritorious, may result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources, injunctions against us or the payment of damages. We may need to obtain licenses from third parties who allege that we have infringed their rights, but
such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. In addition, we may not be able to obtain or utilize on terms that are favorable to us, or at all, licenses or other rights with respect to intellectual property we do not own
in providing e-commerce services to other businesses and individuals under commercial agreements. These risks have been amplified by the increase in third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims. 

12 

Table of Contents

Our digital content offerings depend in part on effective digital rights management
technology to control access to digital content. If the digital rights management technology that we use is compromised or otherwise malfunctions, we could be subject to claims, and content providers may be unwilling to include their content in our
service. 

We Have a Rapidly Evolving Business Model and Our Stock Price Is Highly Volatile 

We have a rapidly evolving business model. The trading price of our common stock fluctuates significantly in response to, among other risks,
the risks described elsewhere in this Item 1A, as well as: 

•

 changes in interest rates; 

•

 conditions or trends in the Internet and the e-commerce industry; 

•

 quarterly variations in operating results; 

•

 fluctuations in the stock market in general and market prices for Internet-related companies in particular; 

•

 changes in financial estimates by us or securities analysts and recommendations by securities analysts; 

•

 changes in our capital structure, including issuance of additional debt or equity to the public; 

•

 changes in the valuation methodology of, or performance by, other e-commerce or technology companies; and 

•

 transactions in our common stock by major investors and certain analyst reports, news, and speculation. 

Volatility in our stock price could adversely affect our business and financing opportunities and force us to increase our cash compensation
to employees or grant larger stock awards than we have historically, which could hurt our operating results or reduce the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders, or both. 

Government Regulation of the Internet, E-commerce and Other Aspects of Our Business Is Evolving and Unfavorable Changes Could Harm Our
Business 

We are subject to general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specifically
governing the Internet, e-commerce, and electronic devices. Existing and future laws and regulations may impede our growth. These regulations and laws may cover taxation, privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, mobile
communications, electronic device certification, electronic waste, electronic contracts and other communications, consumer protection, the provision of online payment services, unencumbered Internet access to our services, the design and operation
of websites, and the characteristics and quality of products and services. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, libel, and personal privacy apply to the Internet and e-commerce. Jurisdictions may regulate
consumer-to-consumer online businesses, including certain aspects of our seller programs. Unfavorable regulations and laws could diminish the demand for our products and services and increase our cost of doing business. 

Taxation Risks Could Subject Us to Liability for Past Sales and Cause Our Future Sales to Decrease 

We do not collect sales or other taxes on shipments of most of our goods into most states in the U.S. Under some of our commercial
agreements, the other company is the seller of record, and we are obligated to collect sales tax in accordance with that company’s instructions. We may enter into additional agreements requiring similar tax collection obligations. Our
fulfillment center and customer service center networks, and any future expansion of them, along with other aspects of our evolving business, may result in additional sales and other tax obligations. 

13 

Table of Contents

Currently, U.S. Supreme Court decisions restrict the imposition of obligations to collect
state and local sales and use taxes with respect to sales made over the Internet. However, a number of states, as well as the U.S. Congress, have been considering or adopted initiatives that could limit or supersede the Supreme Court’s position
regarding sales and use taxes on Internet sales. If these initiatives are successful, we could be required to collect sales and use taxes in additional states or change our business practices. The imposition by state and local governments of various
taxes upon Internet commerce could create administrative burdens for us, put us at a competitive disadvantage if they do not impose similar obligations on all of our online competitors and decrease our future sales. 

We collect consumption tax (including value added tax, goods and services tax, and provincial sales tax) as applicable on goods and services
sold by us that are ordered on our international sites. Additional foreign countries may seek to impose sales or other tax collection obligations on us. 

A successful assertion by one or more states or foreign countries that we should collect sales or other taxes on the sale of merchandise or services could result in substantial tax liabilities for past
sales, decrease our ability to compete with traditional retailers, and otherwise harm our business. 

We Could be Subject
to Additional Income Tax Liabilities 

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign
jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our worldwide provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. For example, our
effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in the valuation of
our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in the relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations, principles and interpretations. We are subject to audit in various jurisdictions, and such jurisdictions may assess additional income
tax against us. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or
litigation could have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 

Our Vendor Relationships Subject Us to a Number of Risks 

We have
significant vendors that are important to our sourcing, manufacturing and any related ongoing servicing of merchandise and content. We do not have long-term arrangements with most of our vendors to guarantee availability of merchandise, content,
components or services, particular payment terms, or the extension of credit limits. If our current vendors were to stop selling merchandise, content, components or services to us on acceptable terms, including as a result of one or more vendor
bankruptcies due to poor economic conditions, we may be unable to procure alternatives from other vendors in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all. 

We May Be Subject to Product Liability Claims if People or Property Are Harmed by the Products We Sell 

Some of the products we sell or manufacture may expose us to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or environmental or
property damage, and may require product recalls or other actions. Certain third parties also sell products using our e-commerce platform that may increase our exposure to product liability claims, such as if these sellers do not have sufficient
protection from such claims. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms,
or at all. In addition, some of our agreements with our vendors and sellers do not indemnify us from product liability. 

14 

Table of Contents

We Are Subject to Payments-Related Risks 

We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit card, debit card, credit accounts (including promotional financing), gift
certificates, direct debit from a customer’s bank account, consumer invoicing, physical bank check and payment upon delivery. As we offer new payment options to our customers, we may be subject to additional regulations, compliance
requirements, and fraud. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower our profit margins. We rely on third parties to provide
payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, and promotional financing, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. We are
also subject to payment card association operating rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply
with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online
payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. We also offer co-branded credit card programs that represent a significant component of our services revenue and generate high margins. If one or more of these agreements
are terminated and we are unable to replace them on similar terms, or at all, it could adversely affect our operating results. 

In addition, we qualify as a money services business in certain jurisdictions because we enable customers to keep account balances with us and transfer money to third parties, and because we provide services to third parties to facilitate
payments on their behalf. In these jurisdictions, we may be subject to requirements for licensing, regulatory inspection, bonding, the handling of transferred funds and consumer disclosures. We are also subject to or voluntarily comply with a number
of other laws and regulations relating to money laundering, international money transfers, privacy and information security and electronic fund transfers. If we were found to be in violation of applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to
civil and criminal penalties or forced to cease our payments services business. 

We Could Be Liable for Breaches of
Security 

Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect consumer information and
prevent fraudulent payment transactions and other security breaches, failure to prevent or mitigate such fraud or breaches may adversely affect our operating results. 

We Could Be Liable for Fraudulent or Unlawful Activities of Sellers 

The law relating to the liability of providers of online payment services is currently unsettled. In addition, governmental agencies could require changes in the way this business is conducted. Under our seller programs, we may be unable to
prevent sellers from collecting payments, fraudulently or otherwise, when buyers never receive the products they ordered or when the products received are materially different from the sellers’ descriptions. Under our A2Z Guarantee, we
reimburse buyers for payments up to certain limits in these situations, and as our marketplace seller sales grow, the cost of this program will increase and could negatively affect our operating results. We also may be unable to prevent sellers on
our sites or through other seller sites from selling unlawful goods, from selling goods in an unlawful manner, or violating the proprietary rights of others, and could face civil or criminal liability for unlawful activities by our sellers.