Our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash
 flows and prospects, and the prevailing market price and
 performance of our common stock, may be adversely affected by a
 number of factors, including the matters discussed below.
 Certain statements and information set forth in this Annual
 Report on
 Form 10-K,
 as well as other written or oral statements made from time to
 time by us or by our authorized officers on our behalf,
 constitute “forward-looking statements” within the
 meaning of the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
 of 1995. We intend for our forward-looking statements to be
 covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking
 statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform
 Act of 1995. You should note that our forward-looking statements
 speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on

Form 10-K
 or when made and we undertake no duty or obligation to update or
 revise our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
 new information, future events or otherwise. Although we believe
 that the expectations, plans, intentions and projections
 reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, such
 statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties
 and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance
 or achievements to be materially different from any future
 results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the
 forward-looking statements. The risks, uncertainties and other
 factors that our stockholders and prospective investors should
 consider include, but are not limited to, the following:

 We are
 dependent upon the success and continued financial viability of
 the vehicle manufacturers and distributors with which we hold
 franchises.

 The success of our stores is dependent on vehicle manufacturers
 in several key respects. First, we rely exclusively on the
 various vehicle manufacturers for our new vehicle inventory. Our
 ability to sell new vehicles is dependent on a vehicle
 manufacturer’s ability to produce and allocate to our
 stores an attractive, high quality and desirable product mix at
 the right time in order to satisfy customer demand. Second,
 manufacturers generally support their franchisees by providing
 direct financial assistance in various areas, including, among
 others, inventory financing assistance and advertising
 assistance. Third, manufacturers provide product warranties and,
 in some cases, service contracts, to customers. Our stores
 perform warranty and service contract work for vehicles under
 manufacturer product warranties and service contracts, and
 direct bill the manufacturer as opposed to invoicing the store
 customer. At any particular time, we have significant
 receivables from manufacturers for warranty and service work
 performed for customers. In addition, we rely on manufacturers
 to varying extents for original equipment manufactured
 replacement parts, training, product brochures and point of sale
 materials, and other items for our stores.

 The core brands of vehicles that we sell, representing more than
 90% of the number of new vehicles that we sold in 2006, are
 manufactured by Ford, General Motors, DaimlerChrysler, Toyota,
 Nissan, Honda and BMW. In particular, our General Motors
 Corporation and Ford Motor Company stores represented over 33%
 of our new vehicle revenue in 2006. We are subject to a
 concentration of risk in the event of financial distress,
 including potential bankruptcy, of a major vehicle manufacturer
 such as General Motors or Ford. In the event of such a
 bankruptcy, among other things, (i) the manufacturer could
 attempt to terminate all or certain of our franchises, and we
 may not receive adequate compensation for them, (ii) we may
 not be able to collect some or all of our significant
 receivables that are due from such manufacturers and we may be
 subject to preference claims relating to payments made by
 manufacturers prior to bankruptcy, (iii) we may not be able
 to obtain financing for our new vehicle inventory, or arrange
 financing for our customers for their vehicle purchases and
 leases, with the manufacturer’s

 11

Table of Contents

 captive finance subsidiary, which may cause us to finance our
 new vehicle inventory, and arrange financing for our customers,
 with alternate finance sources on less favorable terms, and
 (iv) consumer demand for their products could be materially
 adversely affected. These events may result in a partial or
 complete write-down of our goodwill, intangible franchise rights
 with respect to any terminated franchises,
 and/or
 receivables due from such manufacturers and adversely impact our
 results of operations. In addition, vehicle manufacturers may be
 adversely impacted by economic downturns or recessions,
 significant declines in the sales of their new vehicles,
 increases in interest rates, declines in their credit ratings,
 labor strikes or similar disruptions (including within their
 major suppliers), supply shortages or rising raw material costs,
 rising employee benefit costs, adverse publicity that may reduce
 consumer demand for their products (including due to
 bankruptcy), product defects, vehicle recall campaigns,
 litigation, poor product mix or unappealing vehicle design,
 changes in governmental laws and regulations, including a
 significant increase in the U.S. mandated corporate average
 fuel economy standards that could materially adversely impact
 our sales and profitability, or other adverse events. These and
 other risks could materially adversely affect any manufacturer
 and impact its ability to profitably design, market, produce or
 distribute new vehicles, which in turn could materially
 adversely affect our ability to obtain or finance our new
 vehicle inventories, our ability to take advantage of
 manufacturer financial assistance programs, our ability to
 collect in full or on a timely basis our manufacturer warranty
 and other receivables,

and/or our
 ability to obtain other goods and services provided by the
 impacted manufacturer. Our business, results of operations,
 financial condition, shareholders’ equity, cash flows and
 prospects could be materially adversely affected as a result of
 any event that has a material adverse effect on the vehicle
 manufacturers or distributors who are our primary franchisors.

 The
 automotive retailing industry is sensitive to changing economic
 conditions and various other factors. Our business and results
 of operations are substantially dependent on new vehicle sales
 levels in the United States and in our particular geographic
 markets and the level of gross profit margins that we can
 achieve on our sales of new vehicles, all of which are very
 difficult to predict.

 We believe that many factors affect sales of new vehicles and
 retailers’ gross profit margins in the United States and in
 our particular geographic markets, including the economy,
 inflation, recession or economic slowdown, consumer confidence,
 housing markets, the level of manufacturers’ production
 capacity, manufacturer incentives (and consumers’ reaction
 to such offers), intense industry competition, interest rates,
 the prospects of war, other international conflicts or terrorist
 attacks, severe weather conditions, the level of personal
 discretionary spending, product quality, affordability and
 innovation, fuel prices, credit availability, unemployment
 rates, the number of consumers whose vehicle leases are
 expiring, and the length of consumer loans on existing vehicles.
 Increases in interest rates could significantly impact industry
 new vehicle sales and vehicle affordability, including due to
 the direct relationship between higher rates and higher monthly
 loan payments, a critical factor for many vehicle buyers, and
 the impact higher rates can have on customers’ borrowing
 capacity and disposable income. Sales of certain new vehicles,
 particularly larger trucks and sports utility vehicles that
 historically have provided us with higher gross margins, also
 could be impacted adversely by significant increases in fuel
 prices. Additionally, in 2006, the housing market experienced a
 significant decline, particularly in California and Florida. A
 continued decline in the housing market, particularly in the
 geographic regions in which we operate, could materially
 adversely impact our sales.

 Our new vehicle sales may differ from industry sales, including
 due to particular economic conditions and other factors in the
 geographic markets in which we operate. A significant decrease
 in new vehicle sales levels in the United States (or in our
 particular geographic markets) in the future, or a decrease in
 new vehicle gross profit margins, could cause our actual
 earnings results to differ materially from our prior results and
 projected trends. Economic conditions and the other factors
 described above also may materially adversely impact our sales
 of used vehicles, finance and vehicle protection products,
 vehicle service and parts and repair services.

 Our
 new vehicle sales are impacted by the consumer incentive and
 marketing programs of vehicle manufacturers.

 Most vehicle manufacturers from time to time have established
 various incentive and marketing programs designed to spur
 consumer demand for their vehicles. In addition, certain
 manufacturers offer extended product warranties or free service
 programs to consumers. From time to time, manufacturers modify
 and discontinue these

 12

Table of Contents

 dealer assistance and consumer incentive and marketing programs,
 which could have a significant adverse effect on our new vehicle
 and aftermarket product sales, consolidated results of
 operations and cash flows.

 Natural
 disasters and adverse weather events can disrupt our
 business.

 Our stores are concentrated in states and regions in the United
 States, including primarily Florida, Texas and California, in
 which actual or threatened natural disasters and severe weather
 events (such as hurricanes, earthquakes and hail storms) may
 disrupt our store operations, which may adversely impact our
 business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
 flows. In addition to business interruption, the automotive
 retailing business is subject to substantial risk of property
 loss due to the significant concentration of property values at
 store locations. Although we have, subject to certain
 limitations and exclusions, substantial insurance, we cannot
 assure you that we will not be exposed to uninsured or
 underinsured losses that could have a material adverse effect on
 our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash
 flows.

 We are
 subject to restrictions imposed by, and significant influence
 from, vehicle manufacturers that may adversely impact our
 business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows
 and prospects, including our ability to acquire additional
 stores.

 Vehicle manufacturers and distributors with whom we hold
 franchises have significant influence over the operations of our
 stores. The terms and conditions of our framework, franchise and
 related agreements and the manufacturers’ interests and
 objectives may, in certain circumstances, conflict with our
 interests and objectives. For example, manufacturers can set
 performance standards with respect to sales volume, sales
 effectiveness and customer satisfaction, and can influence our
 ability to acquire additional stores, the naming and marketing
 of our stores, the operations of our
 e-commerce
 sites, our selection of store management, the condition of our
 store facilities, product stocking and advertising spending
 levels, and the level at which we capitalize our stores.
 Manufacturers may also have certain rights to restrict our
 ability to provide guaranties of our operating companies,
 pledges of the capital stock of our subsidiaries and liens on
 our assets, which could adversely impact our ability to obtain
 financing for our business and operations on favorable terms or
 at desired levels. From time to time, we are precluded under
 agreements with certain manufacturers from acquiring additional
 franchises, or subject to other adverse actions, to the extent
 we are not meeting certain performance criteria at our existing
 stores (with respect to matters such as sales volume, sales
 effectiveness and customer satisfaction) until our performance
 improves in accordance with the agreements, subject to
 applicable state franchise laws.

 Manufacturers also have the right to establish new franchises or
 relocate existing franchises, subject to applicable state
 franchise laws. The establishment or relocation of franchises in
 our markets could have a material adverse effect on the
 financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and
 prospects of our stores in the market in which the franchise
 action is taken.

 Our framework, franchise and related agreements also grant the
 manufacturer the right to terminate or compel us to sell our
 franchise for a variety of reasons (including uncured
 performance deficiencies, any unapproved change of ownership or
 management or any unapproved transfer of franchise rights or
 impairment of financial standing or failure to meet capital
 requirements), subject to state laws. From time to time, certain
 major manufacturers assert sales and customer satisfaction
 performance deficiencies under the terms of our framework and
 franchise agreements at a limited number of our stores. While we
 believe that we will be able to renew all of our franchise
 agreements, we cannot guarantee that all of our franchise
 agreements will be renewed or that the terms of the renewals
 will be favorable to us. We cannot assure you that our stores
 will be able to comply with manufacturers’ sales, customer
 satisfaction and other performance requirements in the future,
 which may affect our ability to acquire new stores or renew our
 franchise agreements, or subject us to other adverse actions,
 including termination or compelled sale of a franchise, any of
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.

 In addition, we have granted certain manufacturers the right to
 acquire, at fair market value, our automotive dealerships
 franchised by that manufacturer in specified circumstances in
 the event of our default under the indenture for our new senior
 unsecured notes or the amended credit agreement for our
 revolving credit facility and term loan facility.

 13

Table of Contents

 We are
 subject to numerous legal and administrative proceedings, which,
 if the outcomes are adverse to us, could materially adversely
 affect our business, results of operations, financial condition,
 cash flows and prospects.

 We are involved, and will continue to be involved, in numerous
 legal proceedings arising out of the conduct of our business,
 including litigation with customers, employment-related
 lawsuits, class actions, purported class actions and actions
 brought by governmental authorities. We do not believe that the
 ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material
 adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial
 condition or cash flows. However, the results of these matters
 cannot be predicted with certainty, and an unfavorable
 resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial
 condition, cash flow and prospects.

 Our
 operations, including, without limitation, our sales of finance,
 insurance and vehicle protection products, are subject to
 extensive governmental laws, regulation and scrutiny. If we are
 found to be in violation of, or subject to liabilities under,
 any of these laws or regulations, or if new laws or regulations
 are enacted that adversely affect our operations, our business,
 operating results and prospects could suffer.

 The automotive retailing industry, including our facilities and
 operations, is subject to a wide range of federal, state and
 local laws and regulations, such as those relating to motor
 vehicle sales, retail installment sales, leasing, sales of
 finance, insurance and vehicle protection products, licensing,
 consumer protection, consumer privacy, escheatment, money
 laundering, environmental, health and safety,
 wage-hour,
 anti-discrimination and other employment practices. Specifically
 with respect to motor vehicle sales, retail installment sales,
 leasing, and the sale of finance, insurance and vehicle
 protection products at our stores, we are subject to various
 laws and regulations, the violation of which could subject us to
 consumer class action or other lawsuits or governmental
 investigations and adverse publicity, in addition to
 administrative, civil or criminal sanctions. The violation of
 other laws and regulations to which we are subject also can
 result in administrative, civil or criminal sanctions against
 us, which may include a cease and desist order against the
 subject operations or even revocation or suspension of our
 license to operate the subject business, as well as significant
 fines and penalties. We currently devote significant resources
 to comply with applicable federal, state and local regulation of
 health, safety, environmental, zoning and land use regulations,
 and we may need to spend additional time, effort and money to
 keep our existing or acquired facilities in compliance
 therewith. In addition, we may be subject to broad liabilities
 arising out of contamination at our currently and formerly owned
 or operated facilities, at locations to which hazardous
 substances were transported from such facilities and at such
 locations related to entities formerly affiliated with us.
 Although for some such liabilities we believe we are entitled to
 indemnification from other entities, we cannot assure you that
 such entities will view their obligations as we do, or will be
 able to satisfy them.

 Legislative or similar measures have recently been enacted or
 pursued in certain states in which we operate to limit the fees
 that dealerships may earn in connection with arranging financing
 for vehicle purchasers, to require disclosure to consumers of
 the fees that stores earn to arrange financing and to enact
 other additional regulations with respect to various aspects of
 our business, including with respect to the sale of used
 vehicles and finance and insurance products. Recent litigation
 against certain vehicle manufacturers’ captive finance
 subsidiaries alleging discriminatory lending practices has
 resulted in settlements, and may result in future settlements,
 that could reduce the fees earned by our stores in connection
 with the origination of consumer loans. The enactment of laws
 and regulations that materially impair or restrict our finance
 and insurance or other operations could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, results of operations, financial
 condition, cash flows and prospects.

 Our
 ability to grow our business may be limited by our ability to
 acquire automotive stores on favorable terms or at
 all.

 The automotive retail industry is a mature industry.
 Accordingly, the growth of our automotive retail business since
 our inception has been primarily attributable to acquisitions of
 franchised automotive dealership groups. As described above,
 manufacturer approval of our proposed acquisitions generally is
 subject to our compliance with applicable performance standards
 (including with respect to matters such as sales volume, sales
 effectiveness and customer satisfaction) or established
 acquisition limits, particularly regional and local market
 limits. In addition, in the current environment, it has been
 difficult to identify dealership acquisitions in our core
 markets that meet our

 14

Table of Contents

 return on investment targets. As a result, we cannot assure you
 that we will be able to acquire stores selling desirable
 automotive brands at desirable locations in our key markets or
 that any such acquisitions can be completed on favorable terms
 or at all. Acquisitions involve a number of risks, many of which
 are unpredictable and difficult to quantify or assess,
 including, among other matters, risks relating to known and
 unknown liabilities of the acquired business and projected
 operating performance.

 We are
 subject to interest rate risk in connection with our floorplan
 notes payable, revolving credit facility, term loan facility,
 mortgage facility and floating rate senior unsecured notes that
 could have a material adverse effect on our
 profitability.

 Most of our debt, including our floor plan notes, is subject to
 variable interest rates. The variable interest rates under our
 revolving credit facility, term loan facility, mortgage
 facility, floating rate senior unsecured notes and certain of
 our floorplan notes payable all increased in 2006. Our variable
 interest rate debt will fluctuate with changing market
 conditions and, accordingly, our interest expense will increase
 if interest rates rise. In addition, our net inventory carrying
 cost (floorplan interest expense net of floorplan assistance
 that we receive from automotive manufacturers) may increase due
 to changes in interest rates, inventory levels and manufacturer
 assistance. We cannot assure you that a significant increase in
 interest rates would not have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations or cash
 flows.

 Our
 revolving credit facility, term loan facility, mortgage facility
 and the indenture relating to our new senior unsecured notes
 contain certain restrictions on our ability to conduct our
 business.

 The indenture relating to our new senior unsecured notes and the
 amended credit agreement relating to our revolving credit
 facility and term loan facility contain numerous financial and
 operating covenants that limit the discretion of our management
 with respect to various business matters. These covenants place
 significant restrictions on, among other things, our ability to
 incur additional indebtedness, to create liens or other
 encumbrances, to make certain payments (including dividends and
 repurchases of our shares) and investments, and to sell or
 otherwise dispose of assets and merge or consolidate with other
 entities. Our amended credit agreement also requires us to meet
 certain financial ratios and tests that may require us to take
 action to reduce debt or act in a manner contrary to our
 business objectives. A failure by us to comply with the
 obligations contained in our amended credit agreement or the
 indenture relating to our new senior unsecured notes could
 result in an event of default under our amended credit agreement
 or the indentures, which could permit acceleration of the
 related debt and acceleration of debt under other instruments
 that may contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions.
 If any debt is accelerated, our liquid assets may not be
 sufficient to repay in full such indebtedness and our other
 indebtedness. In addition, we have granted certain manufacturers
 the right to acquire, at fair market value, our automotive
 stores franchised by that manufacturer in specified
 circumstances in the event of our default under the indenture
 for our new senior unsecured notes or the amended credit
 agreement for our revolving credit facility and term loan
 facility.

 Our
 substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial
 condition and operations and prevent us from fulfilling our debt
 service obligations. We may still be able to incur more debt,
 intensifying these risks.

 As of December 31, 2006, we had approximately
 $1.6 billion of total indebtedness (including amounts
 outstanding under our mortgage facility and capital leases but
 excluding floorplan financing), and our subsidiaries also had
 $2.3 billion of floorplan financing. In addition, we had
 the ability to borrow $413 million additional indebtedness
 under our revolving credit facility. Our substantial
 indebtedness could have important consequences. For example:

 • 

 we may have difficulty satisfying our debt service obligations
 and, if we fail to comply with these requirements, an event of
 default could result;

 • 

 we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash
 flow from operations to required payments on indebtedness,
 thereby reducing the availability of cash flow for working
 capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general
 corporate activities;

 • 

 covenants relating to our indebtedness may limit our ability to
 obtain additional financing for working capital, capital
 expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate
 activities;

 15

Table of Contents

 • 

 covenants relating to our indebtedness may limit our flexibility
 in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the
 industry in which we operate;

 • 

 we may be more vulnerable to the impact of economic downturns
 and adverse developments in our business;

 • 

 we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage against any less
 leveraged competitors; and

 • 

 our variable interest rate debt will fluctuate with changing
 market conditions and, accordingly, our interest expense will
 increase if interest rates rise.

 The occurrence of any one of these events could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations, prospects and ability to satisfy our debt service
 obligations. Subject to restrictions in the indenture governing
 our new senior unsecured notes and in the amended credit
 agreement governing our revolving credit facility and term loan
 facility, we may incur additional indebtedness, which could
 increase the risks associated with our already substantial
 indebtedness.

 Goodwill
 and other intangible assets comprise a significant portion of
 our total assets. We must test our intangible assets for
 impairment at least annually, which may result in a material,
 non-cash write down of goodwill or franchise rights and could
 have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and
 shareholders’ equity.

 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles are subject to
 impairment assessments at least annually (or more frequently
 when events or circumstances indicate that an impairment may
 have occurred) by applying a fair-value based test. Our
 principal intangible assets are goodwill and our rights under
 our franchise agreements with vehicle manufacturers. These
 impairment assessments may result in a material, non-cash
 write-down of goodwill or franchise values. An impairment would
 have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and
 shareholders’ equity.