Our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects, and the prevailing market price and performance of
our common stock may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the matters discussed below. Certain statements and information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our expectations for the
automotive retail industry, as well as other written or oral statements made from time to time by us or by our authorized executive officers on our behalf, constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements that describe our objectives, plans, or goals, are, or may
be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of statements that include phrases such as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,”
“plan,” “foresee,” “likely,” “will,” or other similar words or phrases. Our forward-looking statements reflect our current expectations concerning future results and events, and they involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties, and other factors that are difficult to predict and may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these
statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or when made, and we undertake no obligation to revise or update these statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. The risks, uncertainties, and
other factors that our stockholders and prospective investors should consider include the following: 

The automotive retailing industry
is sensitive to changing economic conditions and various other factors. Our business and results of operations are substantially dependent on new vehicle sales levels in the United States and in our particular geographic markets and the level of
gross profit margins that we can achieve on our sales of new vehicles, all of which are very difficult to predict. 

We
believe that many factors affect sales of new vehicles and automotive retailers’ gross profit margins in the United States and in our particular geographic markets, including the economy, fuel prices, credit availability, interest rates,
consumer confidence, the level of personal discretionary spending, unemployment rates, the state of housing markets, auto emission and fuel economy standards, the rate of inflation, currency exchange rates, the level of manufacturers’
production capacity, manufacturer incentives (and consumers’ reaction to such offers), intense industry competition, the prospects of war, other international conflicts or terrorist attacks, severe weather events, product quality, affordability
and innovation, the number of consumers whose vehicle leases are expiring, and the length of consumer loans on existing vehicles. Changes in interest rates can significantly impact industry new vehicle sales and vehicle affordability due to the
direct relationship between interest rates and monthly loan payments, a critical factor for many vehicle buyers, and the impact interest rates have on customers’ borrowing capacity and disposable income. Sales of certain new vehicles,
particularly larger trucks and sport utility vehicles that historically have provided us with higher gross margins, are sensitive to fuel prices and the level of construction activity. In addition, volatility in fuel prices can cause rapid shifts in
consumer preferences which are difficult to accommodate given the long-lead time of inventory acquisition. In 2010, new vehicle sales were impacted by unfavorable economic conditions in the United States, including low economic growth, high
unemployment, tight credit conditions, and a decline in wealth resulting from depressed housing markets, and the annual rate of new vehicle sales remained at historically low levels. See the risk factor “Our results of operations and
financial condition have been and could continue to be adversely affected by the unfavorable economic conditions in the United States” below. 

In 2010, 11.5 million new vehicles were sold in the United States. In comparison, 10.4 million new vehicles were sold in 2009, and 13.2 million in 2008. We expect that the U.S. automotive
retail market will remain challenging in 2011. Our new vehicle sales may differ from industry sales due to particular economic conditions and other factors in the geographic markets in which we operate. Economic conditions and the other factors
described above may also materially adversely impact our sales of used vehicles, parts and automotive repair and maintenance services, and automotive finance and insurance products. 

15 

Table of Contents

Our results of operations and financial condition have been and could continue to be adversely
affected by the unfavorable economic conditions in the United States. 

The unfavorable economic conditions that have
affected the United States for the past few years, including low economic growth, high unemployment, tight credit conditions, and the decline in wealth resulting from depressed housing markets, have adversely impacted the automotive retail market.
These conditions continued to adversely impact consumer demand and credit conditions for our customers in 2010. 

We obtain a
significant amount of financing for our customers through the captive finance companies of automotive manufacturers, which companies have been adversely impacted by the unfavorable economic conditions in the United States. These conditions have also
adversely impacted other finance companies, including Ally Financial (formerly known as GMAC), which received extensive federal support and is now majority-owned by the U.S. Treasury. We also rely on the captive finance companies of automotive
manufacturers for floorplan financing to purchase new vehicle inventory. Some of these captive finance companies have altered their floorplan financing programs to our detriment, providing additional restrictions on lending and increasing interest
rates. 

As a result of the unfavorable economic conditions, our new and used vehicle sales were adversely impacted. To the
extent that these conditions continue, our new and used vehicle sales will continue to be adversely impacted. In addition, any inability to obtain floorplan financing on customary terms, or the termination of any of our floorplan financing programs,
in which case we could be required to repay any related floorplan financing on demand, could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

Our debt agreements contain certain financial ratios and other restrictions on our ability to conduct our business, and our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition
and operations and prevent us from fulfilling our debt service obligations. 

The amended credit agreement governing
our term loan and revolving credit facilities, our mortgage facility, and the indenture relating to our 6.75% Senior Notes due 2018 contain covenants that limit the discretion of our management with respect to various business matters. These
covenants place restrictions on, among other things, our ability to incur additional indebtedness, to create liens or other encumbrances, and to sell or otherwise dispose of assets and to merge or consolidate with other entities. A failure by us to
comply with the obligations contained in our amended credit agreement or in the indenture relating to our 6.75% Senior Notes due 2018 could result in an event of default under our amended credit agreement or the indenture, which could permit
acceleration of the related debt as well as acceleration of debt under other instruments that contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions. If any debt is accelerated, our liquid assets may not be sufficient to repay in full such
indebtedness and our other indebtedness. Additionally, we have granted certain manufacturers the right to acquire, at fair market value, our automotive stores franchised by those manufacturers in specified circumstances in the event of our default
under our amended credit agreement or the indenture relating to our 6.75% Senior Notes due 2018. 

Under our amended credit
agreement, we are required to remain in compliance with a maximum leverage ratio and a maximum capitalization ratio. See “Liquidity and Capital Resources — Restrictions and Covenants” in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. If our
earnings decline, we may be unable to comply with the financial ratios required by our amended credit agreement. In such case, we would seek an amendment or waiver of our amended credit agreement or consider other options, such as raising capital
through an equity issuance to pay down debt, which could be dilutive to stockholders. There can be no assurance that our lenders would agree to an amendment or waiver of our amended credit agreement. In the event we obtain an amendment or waiver of
our amended credit agreement, we would likely incur additional fees and higher interest expense. 

16 

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2010, we had approximately $1.3 billion of total indebtedness
(including amounts outstanding under our mortgage facility and capital leases but excluding floorplan financing), and our subsidiaries also had $1.9 billion of floorplan financing. Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences. For
example: 

•

 We may have difficulty satisfying our debt service obligations and, if we fail to comply with these requirements, an event of default could result;

•

 We may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to required payments on indebtedness, thereby reducing the
availability of cash flow for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate activities; 

•

 Covenants relating to our indebtedness may limit our ability to obtain financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other
general corporate activities; 

•

 Covenants relating to our indebtedness may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we
operate; 

•

 We may be more vulnerable to the impact of economic downturns and adverse developments in our business; 

•

 We may be placed at a competitive disadvantage against any less leveraged competitors; 

•

 Our variable interest rate debt will fluctuate with changing market conditions and, accordingly, our interest expense will increase if interest rates
rise; and 

•

 Future share repurchases may be limited by the maximum leverage ratio described above. 

The occurrence of any one of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects,
and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations. 

We are dependent upon the success and continued financial viability of the vehicle
manufacturers and distributors with which we hold franchises. 

The success of our stores is dependent on vehicle
manufacturers in several key respects. First, we rely exclusively on the various vehicle manufacturers for our new vehicle inventory. Our ability to sell new vehicles is dependent on a vehicle manufacturer’s ability to produce and allocate to
our stores an attractive, high-quality, and desirable product mix at the right time in order to satisfy customer demand. Second, manufacturers generally support their franchisees by providing direct financial assistance in various areas, including,
among others, floorplan assistance and advertising assistance. Third, manufacturers provide product warranties and, in some cases, service contracts to customers. Our stores perform warranty and service contract work for vehicles under manufacturer
product warranties and service contracts, and direct bill the manufacturer as opposed to invoicing the store customer. At any particular time, we have significant receivables from manufacturers for warranty and service work performed for customers.
In addition, we rely on manufacturers to varying extents for original equipment manufactured replacement parts, training, product brochures and point of sale materials, and other items for our stores. Our business, results of operations, and
financial condition could be materially adversely affected as a result of any event that has a material adverse effect on the vehicle manufacturers or distributors who are our primary franchisors. 

Vehicle manufacturers may be adversely impacted by economic downturns or recessions, significant declines in the sales of their new
vehicles, increases in interest rates, adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, declines in their credit ratings, labor strikes or similar disruptions (including within their major suppliers), supply shortages or rising raw material costs,
rising employee benefit costs, adverse publicity that may reduce consumer demand for their products (including due to bankruptcy), product defects, vehicle recall campaigns, litigation, poor product mix or unappealing vehicle design, governmental
laws and regulations, or other adverse events. 

17 

Table of Contents

Vehicle manufacturers are subject to federal fuel economy requirements, which will increase
substantially as a result of a new national program being implemented by the U.S. government to regulate greenhouse gases and fuel economy standards. These new requirements could materially adversely affect the ability of manufacturers to produce,
and our ability to sell, vehicles in demand by consumers at affordable prices, particularly larger vehicles, which represent a significant portion of our business. These and other risks could materially adversely affect any manufacturer and impact
its ability to profitably design, market, produce, or distribute new vehicles, which in turn could materially adversely affect our ability to obtain or finance our desired new vehicle inventories, our ability to take advantage of manufacturer
financial assistance programs, our ability to collect in full or on a timely basis our manufacturer warranty and other receivables, and/or our ability to obtain other goods and services provided by the impacted manufacturer. 

The core brands of vehicles that we sell are manufactured by Toyota, Ford, Honda, Nissan, General Motors, Mercedes, BMW, and Chrysler.
These manufacturers have been adversely impacted by the unfavorable economic conditions in the United States and elsewhere. In the second quarter of 2009, each of Chrysler and General Motors filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of
the United States Bankruptcy Code. In connection with the Chrysler bankruptcy, franchise agreements relating to seven of our Chrysler dealerships were terminated (one of which was subsequently reinstated). In connection with the General Motors
bankruptcy, we entered into wind-down agreements pursuant to which we agreed to close four of our General Motors dealerships and participation agreements under which our remaining General Motors dealerships will continue to operate. 

Our business could be materially adversely impacted by another bankruptcy of a major vehicle manufacturer or related lender. For example,
(i) a manufacturer in bankruptcy could attempt to terminate all or certain of our franchises, in which case we may not receive adequate compensation for our franchises, (ii) consumer demand for such manufacturer’s products could be
materially adversely affected, (iii) a lender in bankruptcy could attempt to terminate our floorplan financing and demand repayment of any amounts outstanding, (iv) we may be unable to arrange financing for our customers for their vehicle
purchases and leases through such lender, in which case we would be required to seek financing with alternate financing sources, which may be difficult to obtain on similar terms, if at all, (v) we may be unable to collect some or all of our
significant receivables that are due from such manufacturer or lender, and we may be subject to preference claims relating to payments made by such manufacturer or lender prior to bankruptcy, and (vi) such manufacturer may be relieved of its
indemnification obligations with respect to product liability claims. Additionally, any such bankruptcy may result in us being required to incur impairment charges with respect to the inventory, fixed assets, and intangible assets related to certain
franchises, which could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition, and our ability to remain in compliance with the financial ratios contained in our debt agreements. Tens of billions of dollars of U.S. government support were
provided to Chrysler, General Motors, and Ally Financial (formerly known as GMAC), and we believe that this support mitigated the potential adverse impacts to us resulting from the Chrysler and General Motors bankruptcies. There can be no assurance
that U.S. government support will be provided to the same extent or at all in the event of another bankruptcy of a major vehicle manufacturer or related lender. As a result, the potential adverse impact on our financial condition and results of
operations could be relatively worse in a manufacturer or related lender bankruptcy which is not financially supported by the U.S. government. 

18 

Table of Contents

Goodwill and other intangible assets comprise a significant portion of our total assets. We must test
our intangible assets for impairment at least annually, which could result in a material, non-cash write-down of goodwill or franchise rights and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and shareholders’ equity.

Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles are subject to impairment assessments at least annually (or more frequently
when events or circumstances indicate that an impairment may have occurred) by applying a fair-value based test. See “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates – Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets” in Part II, Item 7 of this
Form 10-K for additional information regarding our impairment testing. Our principal intangible assets are goodwill and our rights under our franchise agreements with vehicle manufacturers. During 2008, we recorded non-cash impairment charges of
$1.76 billion ($1.46 billion after-tax) associated with goodwill and franchise rights. We may be required to incur additional impairment charges in the future. Additional impairment losses could have a material adverse impact on our results of
operations and shareholders’ equity. 

Our new vehicle sales are impacted by the consumer incentive and marketing programs of
vehicle manufacturers. 

Most vehicle manufacturers from time to time establish various incentive and marketing
programs designed to spur consumer demand for their vehicles. These programs impact our operations, particularly our sales of new vehicles. Since these programs are often not announced in advance, they can be difficult to plan for when ordering
inventory. Additionally, manufacturers may modify and discontinue these incentive and marketing programs from time to time, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 

Natural disasters and adverse weather events can disrupt our business. 

Our stores are concentrated in states and regions in the United States, including primarily Florida, Texas, and California, in which
actual or threatened natural disasters and severe weather events (such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, landslides, and hail storms) may disrupt our store operations, which may adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial
condition, and cash flows. In addition to business interruption, the automotive retailing business is subject to substantial risk of property loss due to the significant concentration of property values at store locations. Although we have, subject
to certain deductibles, limitations, and exclusions, substantial insurance, we cannot assure you that we will not be exposed to uninsured or underinsured losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations, or cash flows. 

19 

Table of Contents

We are subject to restrictions imposed by, and significant influence from, vehicle manufacturers that
may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects, including our ability to acquire additional stores. 

Vehicle manufacturers and distributors with whom we hold franchises have significant influence over the operations of our stores. The terms and conditions of our framework, franchise, and related
agreements and the manufacturers’ interests and objectives may, in certain circumstances, conflict with our interests and objectives. For example, manufacturers can set performance standards with respect to sales volume, sales effectiveness,
and customer satisfaction, and can influence our ability to acquire additional stores, the naming and marketing of our stores, the operations of our e-commerce sites, our selection of store management, product stocking and advertising spending
levels, and the level at which we capitalize our stores. Manufacturers also impose minimum facility requirements that can require significant capital expenditures. Manufacturers may also have certain rights to restrict our ability to provide
guaranties of our operating companies, pledges of the capital stock of our subsidiaries, and liens on our assets, which could adversely impact our ability to obtain financing for our business and operations on favorable terms or at desired levels.
From time to time, we are precluded under agreements with certain manufacturers from acquiring additional franchises, or subject to other adverse actions, to the extent we are not meeting certain performance criteria at our existing stores (with
respect to matters such as sales volume, sales effectiveness, and customer satisfaction) until our performance improves in accordance with the agreements, subject to applicable state franchise laws. 

Manufacturers also have the right to establish new franchises or relocate existing franchises, subject to applicable state franchise
laws. The establishment or relocation of franchises in our markets could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects of our stores in the market in which the franchise action is taken.

Our framework, franchise, and related agreements also grant the manufacturer the right to terminate or compel us to sell our
franchise for a variety of reasons (including uncured performance deficiencies, any unapproved change of ownership or management, or any unapproved transfer of franchise rights or impairment of financial standing or failure to meet capital
requirements), subject to applicable state franchise laws. From time to time, certain major manufacturers assert sales and customer satisfaction performance deficiencies under the terms of our framework and franchise agreements. Additionally, our
framework agreements contain restrictions regarding a change in control, which may be outside of our control. See “Agreements with Vehicle Manufacturers” in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. While we believe that we will be able to
renew all of our franchise agreements, we cannot guarantee that all of our franchise agreements will be renewed or that the terms of the renewals will be favorable to us. We cannot assure you that our stores will be able to comply with
manufacturers’ sales, customer satisfaction performance, facility and other requirements in the future, which may affect our ability to acquire new stores or renew our franchise agreements, or subject us to other adverse actions, including
termination or compelled sale of a franchise, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. Furthermore, we rely on the protection of state franchise laws in the
states in which we operate and if those laws are repealed or weakened, our framework, franchise, and related agreements may become more susceptible to termination, non-renewal, or renegotiation. 

In addition, we have granted certain manufacturers the right to acquire, at fair market value, our automotive dealerships franchised by
that manufacturer in specified circumstances in the event of our default under certain of our debt agreements. 

20 

Table of Contents

We are subject to numerous legal and administrative proceedings, which, if the outcomes are adverse to
us, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and prospects. 

We are involved and will continue to be involved in numerous legal proceedings arising out of the conduct of our business, including litigation with customers, employment-related lawsuits, class actions,
purported class actions, and actions brought by governmental authorities. We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.
However, the results of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, and an unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flow, and
prospects. 

Our operations are subject to extensive governmental laws and regulations. If we are found to be in violation of or subject
to liabilities under any of these laws or regulations, or if new laws or regulations are enacted that adversely affect our operations, our business, operating results, and prospects could suffer. 

The automotive retailing industry, including our facilities and operations, is subject to a wide range of federal, state, and local laws
and regulations, such as those relating to motor vehicle sales, retail installment sales, leasing, sales of finance, insurance, and vehicle protection products, licensing, consumer protection, consumer privacy, escheatment, money laundering,
environmental, vehicle emissions and fuel economy, health and safety, wage-hour, anti-discrimination, and other employment practices. With respect to motor vehicle sales, retail installment sales, leasing, and the sale of finance, insurance, and
vehicle protection products at our stores, we are subject to various laws and regulations, the violation of which could subject us to consumer class action or other lawsuits or governmental investigations and adverse publicity, in addition to
administrative, civil, or criminal sanctions. The violation of other laws and regulations to which we are subject also can result in administrative, civil, or criminal sanctions against us, which may include a cease and desist order against the
subject operations or even revocation or suspension of our license to operate the subject business, as well as significant fines and penalties. We currently devote significant resources to comply with applicable federal, state, and local regulation
of health, safety, environmental, zoning, and land use regulations, and we may need to spend additional time, effort, and money to keep our operations and existing or acquired facilities in compliance therewith. In addition, we may be subject to
broad liabilities arising out of contamination at our currently and formerly owned or operated facilities, at locations to which hazardous substances were transported from such facilities, and at such locations related to entities formerly
affiliated with us. Although for some such liabilities we believe we are entitled to indemnification from other entities, we cannot assure you that such entities will view their obligations as we do or will be able to satisfy them. Failure to comply
with applicable laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and prospects. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which was signed into law on July 21, 2010, establishes a new consumer financial protection agency with broad regulatory powers.
Although automotive dealers are generally excluded, the Dodd-Frank Act could lead to additional, indirect regulation of automotive dealers through its regulation of automotive finance companies and other financial institutions. In addition, we
expect that the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which was signed into law on March 23, 2010, will increase our annual employee health care costs that we fund, with the most significant increases commencing in 2014. 

Furthermore, we expect that new laws and regulations, particularly at the federal level, in other areas may be enacted, which could also
materially adversely impact our business. The labor policy of the current administration could lead to increased unionization efforts, which could lead to higher labor costs, disrupt our store operations, and reduce our profitability. In addition, a
recently enacted federal law that enables dealers to seek reinstatement through arbitration of automotive franchises that were terminated in connection with the Chrysler and General Motors bankruptcies could adversely impact us by increasing our
competition and causing Chrysler and General Motors to be less efficient. 

21 

Table of Contents

We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with our vehicle floorplan payables, revolving
credit facilities, and term loan facilities that could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 

Most of
our debt, including our floorplan payable, is subject to variable interest rates. Our variable interest rate debt will fluctuate with changing market conditions and, accordingly, our interest expense will increase if interest rates rise. In
addition, our net inventory carrying cost (new vehicle floorplan interest expense net of floorplan assistance that we receive from automotive manufacturers) may increase due to changes in interest rates, inventory levels, and manufacturer
assistance. We cannot assure you that a significant increase in interest rates would not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Our largest stockholders, as a result of their ownership stakes in us, have the ability to exert substantial influence over actions to be taken or
approved by our stockholders. These stockholders are represented on our Board of Directors and, therefore, may also have the ability to exert substantial influence over actions to be taken or approved by our Board. In addition, future share
repurchases and purchases by our affiliates could further reduce our public float and adversely impact the liquidity of our common stock. 

As of February 8, 2011, ESL Investments, Inc. together with certain of its investment affiliates (collectively, “ESL”) beneficially owns approximately 54% of the outstanding shares of our
common stock. As a result, ESL has the ability to exert substantial influence over actions to be taken or approved by our stockholders, including the election of directors and any transactions involving a change of control. In addition, William C.
Crowley, the President and Chief Operating Officer of ESL, is one of our directors. ESL, therefore, may also have the ability to exert substantial influence over actions to be taken or approved by our Board. 

As of February 8, 2011, Cascade Investment, L.L.C. (“Cascade”), which is solely owned by William H. Gates III, and the
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust (the “Trust”), of which William H. Gates III is a co-trustee, on a combined basis own approximately 16% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. As a result, Cascade and the Trust may
have the ability to exert substantial influence over actions to be taken or approved by our stockholders. In addition, Michael Larson, the chief investment officer for William H. Gates III and Business Manager for Cascade, is one of our directors.
Cascade and the Trust, therefore, may also have the ability to exert substantial influence over actions to be taken or approved by our Board. 

In the future, ESL, Cascade, or the Trust may acquire or sell shares of our common stock and thereby increase or decrease their ownership stake in us. 

In January 2009, our Board of Directors authorized and approved letter agreements (the “Letter Agreements”) with certain
automotive manufacturers in order to, among other things, eliminate any potential adverse consequences under our framework agreements with those manufacturers in the event that ESL acquires 50% or more of our common stock. Certain of those Letter
Agreements also contain governance-related and other provisions. On May 20, 2010, we filed a Current Report on Form 8-K (the “May 20, 2010 8-K”) to disclose that ESL became the beneficial owner of more than 50% of the outstanding
shares of our common stock. The May 20, 2010 8-K also discusses the Letter Agreements in further detail. 

In the
aggregate, ESL, Cascade, the Trust, our executive officers, and our directors own approximately 72% of our outstanding shares as of February 8, 2011. Future share repurchases by the Company, together with any future share purchases by our
affiliates, will further reduce our “public float” (shares owned by non-affiliate stockholders and available for trading). Such reduction in our public float could decrease the volume of trading and liquidity of our common stock, lead to
increased volatility in the trading price of our common stock, or adversely impact the market price of our common stock. 

22 

Table of Contents