Our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash
flows and prospects, and the prevailing market price and
performance of our common stock, may be adversely affected by a
number of factors, including the matters discussed below.
Certain statements and information set forth in this Annual
Report on
Form 10-K, as well
as other written or oral statements made from time to time by us
or by our authorized officers on our behalf, constitute
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the
Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We
intend for our forward-looking statements to be covered by the
safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You
should note that our forward-looking statements speak only as of
the date of this Annual Report on
Form 
10-K or when
made and we undertake no duty or obligation to update or revise
our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise. Although we believe
that the expectations, plans, intentions and projections
reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, such
statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the
forward-looking statements. The risks, uncertainties and other
factors that our stockholders and prospective investors should
consider include, but are not limited to, the following:

 We are dependent upon the success and continued financial
 viability of the vehicle manufacturers and distributors with
 which we hold franchises.

The success of our stores is dependent on vehicle manufacturers
in several key respects. First, we rely exclusively on the
various vehicle manufacturers for our new vehicle inventory. Our
ability to sell new vehicles is dependent on a vehicle
manufacturer’s ability to produce and allocate to our
stores an attractive, high quality and desirable product mix at
the right time in order to satisfy customer demand. Second,
manufacturers generally support their franchisees by providing
direct financial assistance in various areas, including, among
others, inventory financing assistance and advertising
assistance. Third, manufacturers provide product warranties and,
in some cases, service contracts, to customers. Our stores
perform warranty and service contract work for vehicles under
manufacturer product warranties and service contracts, and
direct bill the

11

Table of Contents

manufacturer as opposed to invoicing the store customer. At any
particular time, we have significant receivables from
manufacturers for warranty and service work performed for
customers. In addition, we rely on manufacturers to varying
extents for original equipment manufactured replacement parts,
training, product brochures and point of sale materials, and
other items for our stores.

The core brands of vehicles that we sell, representing more than
90% of the number of new vehicles that we sold in 2005, are
manufactured by Ford, General Motors, DaimlerChrysler, Toyota,
Nissan, Honda and BMW. In particular, our General Motors
Corporation and Ford Motor Company stores represented over 37%
of our new vehicle revenue in 2005. We are subject to a
concentration of risk in the event of financial distress,
including potential bankruptcy, of a major vehicle manufacturer
such as General Motors or Ford. In the event of a bankruptcy by
a vehicle manufacturer, among other things: (i) the
manufacturer could attempt to terminate all or certain of our
franchises, and we may not receive adequate compensation for
them, (ii) we may not be able to collect some or all of our
significant receivables that are due from such manufacturer and
we may be subject to preference claims relating to payments made
by such manufacturer prior to bankruptcy, (iii) we may not
be able to obtain financing for our new vehicle inventory, or
arrange financing for our customers for their vehicle purchases
and leases, with such manufacturer’s captive finance
subsidiary, which may cause us to finance our new vehicle
inventory, and arrange financing for our customers, with
alternate finance sources on less favorable terms, and
(iv) consumer demand for such manufacturer’s products
could be materially adversely affected. These events may result
in a partial or complete write-down of our goodwill, intangible
franchise rights with respect to any terminated franchises,
and/or receivables due from such manufacturers. In addition,
vehicle manufacturers may be adversely impacted by economic
downturns or recessions, significant declines in the sales of
their new vehicles, increases in interest rates, declines in
their credit ratings, labor strikes or similar disruptions
(including within their major suppliers), supply shortages or
rising raw material costs, rising employee benefit costs,
adverse publicity that may reduce consumer demand for their
products (including due to bankruptcy), product defects, vehicle
recall campaigns, litigation, poor product mix or unappealing
vehicle design, or other adverse events. These and other risks
could materially adversely affect any manufacturer and impact
its ability to profitably design, market, produce or distribute
new vehicles, which in turn could materially adversely affect
our business, results of operations, financial condition,
shareholders’ equity, cash flows and prospects.

 The automotive retailing industry is sensitive to changing
 economic conditions and various other factors. Our business and
 results of operations are substantially dependent on new vehicle
 sales levels in the United States and in our particular
 geographic markets and the level of gross profit margins that we
 can achieve on our sales of new vehicles, all of which are very
 difficult to predict.

We believe that many factors affect industry-wide sales of new
vehicles and retailers’ gross profit margins, including
consumer confidence in the economy, the level of
manufacturers’ excess production capacity, manufacturer
incentives (and consumers’ reaction to such offers),
intense industry competition, interest rates, the prospects of
war, other international conflicts or terrorist attacks, severe
weather conditions, the level of personal discretionary
spending, product quality, affordability and innovation, fuel
prices, credit availability, unemployment rates, the number of
consumers whose vehicle leases are expiring, and the length of
consumer loans on existing vehicles. Significant increases in
interest rates, in particular, could significantly impact
industry new vehicle sales and vehicle affordability due to the
direct relationship between higher rates and higher monthly loan
payments, a critical factor for many vehicle buyers. Sales of
certain new vehicles, particularly larger trucks and sports
utility vehicles that historically have provided us with higher
gross margins, also could be impacted adversely by further
significant increases in fuel prices, which rose dramatically
during 2005. The length of consumer auto loans has increased
recently and leasing of vehicles has decreased, which may result
in customers deferring vehicle purchases in the future.

Our new vehicle sales may differ from industry sales, including
due to particular economic conditions and other factors in the
geographic markets in which we operate. A significant decrease
in new vehicle sales levels in the United States (or in our
particular geographic markets) during 2006 as compared to 2005,
or a decrease in new vehicle gross profit margins, could cause
our actual earnings results to differ materially from our prior
results and projected trends. Economic conditions and the other
factors described above also may materially

12

Table of Contents

adversely impact our sales of used vehicles, finance and vehicle
protection products, vehicle service and parts and repair
services.

 Our new vehicle sales are impacted by the consumer
 incentive and marketing programs of vehicle
 manufacturers.

Most vehicle manufacturers use incentive and marketing programs
to spur consumer demand for their vehicles, such as 0% financing
and manufacturer employee pricing offers. These sales incentive
programs are often not announced in advance and therefore can be
difficult to plan for when ordering inventory. In addition,
certain manufacturers offer extended product warranties or free
service programs to consumers. From time to time, manufacturers
modify and discontinue these dealer assistance and consumer
incentive and marketing programs, which could have a significant
adverse effect on our new vehicle and aftermarket product sales,
consolidated results of operations and cash flows.

 Adverse weather events can disrupt our business.

Our stores are concentrated in states and regions in the United
States, including primarily Florida, Texas and California, in
which actual or threatened natural disasters and severe weather
events (such as hurricanes, earthquakes and hail storms) may
disrupt our store operations, which may adversely impact our
business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows. In addition to business interruption, the automotive
retailing business is subject to substantial risk of property
loss due to the significant concentration of property values at
store locations. Although we have, subject to certain
limitations and exclusions, substantial insurance, we cannot
assure you that we will not be exposed to uninsured or
underinsured losses that could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows.

 We are subject to restrictions imposed by, and significant
 influence from, vehicle manufacturers that may adversely impact
 our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash
 flows and prospects, including our ability to acquire additional
 stores.

Vehicle manufacturers and distributors with whom we hold
franchises have significant influence over the operations of our
stores. The terms and conditions of our framework, franchise and
related agreements and the manufacturers’ interests and
objectives may, in certain circumstances, conflict with our
interests and objectives. For example, manufacturers can set
performance standards with respect to sales volume, sales
effectiveness and customer satisfaction, and can influence our
ability to acquire additional stores, the naming and marketing
of our stores, the operations of our
e-commerce sites, our
selection of store management, the condition of our store
facilities, product stocking and advertising spending levels,
and the level at which we capitalize our stores. Manufacturers
may also have certain rights to restrict our ability to provide
guaranties of our operating companies, pledges of the capital
stock of our subsidiaries and liens on their assets, which could
adversely impact our ability to obtain financing for our
business and operations on favorable terms or at desired levels.
From time to time, we are precluded under agreements with
certain manufacturers from acquiring additional franchises, or
subject to other adverse actions, to the extent we are not
meeting certain performance criteria at our existing stores
(with respect to matters such as sales volume, sales
effectiveness and customer satisfaction) until our performance
improves in accordance with the agreements, subject to
applicable state franchise laws.

Manufacturers also have the right to establish new franchises or
relocate existing franchises, subject to applicable state
franchise laws. The establishment or relocation of franchises in
our markets could have a material adverse effect on the
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and
prospects of our stores in the market in which the franchise
action is taken.

Our framework, franchise and related agreements also grant the
manufacturer the right to terminate or compel us to sell our
franchise for a variety of reasons (including uncured
performance deficiencies, any unapproved change of ownership or
management or any unapproved transfer of franchise rights),
subject to state laws. From time to time, certain major
manufacturers assert sales and customer satisfaction performance
deficiencies under the terms of our framework and franchise
agreements at a limited number of our stores. While we believe
that we will be able to renew all of our franchise agreements,
we cannot guarantee that all of our franchise agreements will be
renewed or that the terms of the renewals will be favorable to
us. We cannot

13

Table of Contents

assure you that our stores will be able to comply with
manufacturers’ sales, customer satisfaction and other
performance requirements in the future, which may affect our
ability to acquire new stores or renew our franchise agreements,
or subject us to other adverse actions, including termination or
compelled sale of a franchise, any of which could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
operations, cash flows and prospects.

In addition, we have granted certain manufacturers the right to
acquire, at fair market value, our automotive dealerships
franchised by that manufacturer in specified circumstances in
the event of our default under the indenture for our senior
unsecured notes due 2008 or the credit agreement for our
revolving credit facility.

 We are subject to numerous legal and administrative
 proceedings, which, if the outcomes are adverse to us, could
 materially adversely affect our business, results of operations,
 financial condition, cash flows and prospects.

We are involved, and will continue to be involved, in numerous
legal proceedings arising out of the conduct of our business,
including litigation with customers, employment-related
lawsuits, class actions, purported class actions and actions
brought by governmental authorities.

Many of our Texas dealership subsidiaries have been named in
three class action lawsuits brought against the Texas Automobile
Dealers Association (“TADA”) and approximately 700 new
vehicle stores in Texas that are members of the TADA. The three
actions allege that since January 1994 Texas dealers have
deceived customers with respect to a vehicle inventory tax and
violated federal antitrust and other laws as well. In April
2002, in two actions (which have been consolidated) the state
court certified two classes of consumers on whose behalf the
action would proceed. In the federal antitrust case, in March
2003, the federal court conditionally certified a class of
consumers. We and the other dealership defendants appealed the
ruling to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, which on
October 5, 2004 reversed the class certification order and
remanded the case back to the federal district court for further
proceedings. In February 2005, we and the plaintiffs in each of
the cases agreed to settlement terms. The state settlement,
which was approved preliminarily by the state court on
December 27, 2005, is contingent upon final court approval,
the hearing for which is currently scheduled for June 2006. The
claims against us in federal court also would be settled
contingent upon final approval in the state action. The
estimated expense of the settlements is not a material amount
and includes our stores issuing coupons for discounts off future
vehicle purchases, refunding cash in certain circumstances, and
paying attorneys’ fees and certain costs. Under the terms
of the settlements, our stores would be permitted to continue to
itemize and pass through to the customer the cost of the
inventory tax. If the settlements are not finally approved, we
would then vigorously assert available defenses in connection
with the TADA lawsuits. Further, we may have certain rights of
indemnification with respect to certain aspects of these
lawsuits. However, an adverse resolution of the TADA lawsuits
could result in the payment of significant costs and damages and
negatively impact our ability to itemize and pass through to the
customer the cost of the tax in the future, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
financial condition, cash flows and prospects.

In addition to the foregoing cases, we also are a party to
numerous other legal proceedings that arose in the conduct of
our business. We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of
these matters will have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations, financial condition or cash
flows. However, the results of these matters cannot be predicted
with certainty, and an unfavorable resolution of one or more of
these matters could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows
and prospects.

 Our operations, including, without limitation, our sales
 of finance, insurance and vehicle protection products, are
 subject to extensive governmental laws, regulation and scrutiny.
 If we are found to be in violation of any of these laws or
 regulations, or if new laws or regulations are enacted that
 adversely affect our operations, our business, operating results
 and prospects could suffer.

The automotive retailing industry, including our facilities and
operations, is subject to a wide range of federal, state and
local laws and regulations, such as those relating to motor
vehicle sales, retail installment sales, leasing, sales of
finance, insurance and vehicle protection products, licensing,
consumer protection,

14

Table of Contents

consumer privacy, escheatment, money laundering, environmental,
health and safety, wage-hour, anti-discrimination and other
employment practices. Specifically with respect to motor vehicle
sales, retail installment sales, leasing, and the sale of
finance, insurance and vehicle protection products at our
stores, we are subject to various laws and regulations, the
violation of which could subject us to consumer class action or
other lawsuits or governmental investigations and adverse
publicity, in addition to administrative, civil or criminal
sanctions. The violation of other laws and regulations to which
we are subject also can result in administrative, civil or
criminal sanctions against us, which may include a cease and
desist order against the subject operations or even revocation
or suspension of our license to operate the subject business, as
well as significant fines and penalties. We currently devote
significant resources to comply with applicable federal, state
and local regulation of health, safety, environmental, zoning
and land use regulations, and we may need to spend additional
time, effort and money to keep our existing or acquired
facilities in compliance therewith.

Legislative or similar measures have recently been enacted or
pursued in certain states in which we operate to limit the fees
that dealerships may earn in connection with arranging financing
for vehicle purchasers, to require disclosure to consumers of
the fees that stores earn to arrange financing and to enact
other additional regulations with respect to various aspects of
our business, including with respect to the sale of used
vehicles and finance and insurance products. Recent litigation
against certain vehicle manufacturers’ captive finance
subsidiaries alleging discriminatory lending practices has
resulted in settlements, and may result in future settlements,
that could reduce the fees earned by our stores in connection
with the origination of consumer loans. The enactment of laws
and regulations that materially impair or restrict our finance
and insurance or other operations could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, financial
condition, cash flows and prospects.

 Our ability to grow our business may be limited by our
 ability to acquire automotive stores on favorable terms or at
 all.

The automotive retail industry is a mature industry.
Accordingly, the growth of our automotive retail business since
our inception has been primarily attributable to acquisitions of
franchised automotive dealership groups. As described above,
manufacturer approval of our proposed acquisitions generally is
subject to our compliance with applicable performance standards
(including with respect to matters such as sales volume, sales
effectiveness and customer satisfaction) or established
acquisition limits, particularly regional and local market
limits. In addition, in the current environment, it has been
difficult to identify dealership acquisitions in our core
markets that meet our return on investment targets. As a result,
we cannot assure you that we will be able to acquire stores
selling desirable automotive brands at desirable locations in
our key markets or that any such acquisitions can be completed
on favorable terms or at all. Acquisitions involve a number of
risks, many of which are unpredictable and difficult to quantify
or assess, including, among other matters, risks relating to
known and unknown liabilities of the acquired business and
projected operating performance.

 We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with
 our vehicle floorplan payable, revolving credit facility and
 mortgage facility that could have a material adverse effect on
 our profitability.

The LIBOR-based interest rates under our revolving credit
facility, mortgage facility and certain of our floorplan notes
payable all increased in 2005, and we anticipate that such rates
will increase further in 2006. Our net inventory carrying
benefit (floorplan interest expense net of floorplan assistance
that we receive from automotive manufacturers) has decreased in
recent years and we expect to have a net inventory carrying cost
in 2006. We cannot assure you that a significant increase in
interest rates would not have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows.

 Our revolving credit facility and the indenture relating
 to our senior unsecured notes contain certain restrictions on
 our ability to conduct our business.

The indenture relating to the 9% senior unsecured notes due
August 2008 and the credit agreement relating to our revolving
credit facility contain numerous financial and operating
covenants that limit the discretion of our management with
respect to various business matters. These covenants place
significant restrictions on, among other things, our ability to
incur additional indebtedness, to create liens or other
encumbrances, to make certain payments (including dividends and
repurchases of our shares) and invest-

15

Table of Contents

ments, and to sell or otherwise dispose of assets and merge or
consolidate with other entities. Our revolving credit facility
also requires us to meet certain financial ratios and tests that
may require us to take action to reduce debt or act in a manner
contrary to our business objectives. A failure by us to comply
with the obligations contained in our revolving credit facility
or the indenture could result in an event of default under our
revolving credit facility or the indenture, which could permit
acceleration of the related debt and acceleration of debt under
other instruments that may contain cross-acceleration or
cross-default provisions. If any debt is accelerated, our liquid
assets may not be sufficient to repay in full such indebtedness
and our other indebtedness. In addition, we have granted certain
manufacturers the right to acquire, at fair market value, our
automotive stores franchised by that manufacturer in specified
circumstances in the event of our default under the indenture
for our senior unsecured notes due August 2008 or the credit
agreement for our revolving credit facility.

 We must test our intangible assets for impairment at least
 annually, which may result in a material, non-cash write down of
 goodwill or franchise rights and could have a material adverse
 impact on our results of operations and shareholders’
 equity.

Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles are subject to
impairment assessments at least annually (or more frequently
when events or circumstances indicate that an impairment may
have occurred) by applying a fair-value based test. Our
principal intangible assets are goodwill and our rights under
our franchise agreements with vehicle manufacturers. These
impairment assessments may result in a material, non-cash
write-down of goodwill or franchise values. An impairment would
have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and
shareholders’ equity.