Additional
 adverse changes in global economic conditions and the demand for
 transportation fuels may continue to impact our business and
 financial condition in ways that we currently cannot
 predict.

 The economic recession, including declines in consumer and
 business confidence and spending as well as increased
 unemployment and reduced demand for transportation fuels
 continues to adversely affect the business and economic
 environment in which we operate. These conditions increase the
 risks associated with the creditworthiness of our suppliers,
 customers and business partners. The consequences of such
 adverse effects could include interruptions or delays in our
 suppliers’ performance of our contracts, reductions and
 delays in customer purchases, delays in or the inability of
 customers to obtain financing to purchase our products, and
 bankruptcy of customers. Any of these events may adversely
 affect our cash flow, profitability and financial condition.

 Competition
 from companies that produce their own supply of feedstocks, have
 more extensive retail outlets, or have greater financial
 resources could materially affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 We compete on a global basis with a number of integrated and
 nationally owned oil companies who produce crude oil, some of
 which is used in their refining operations. Unlike these oil
 companies, we must purchase all of our crude oil from
 unaffiliated sources. Because these companies benefit from
 increased commodity prices, have greater access to capital and
 have stronger capital structures, they are able to better
 withstand poor and volatile market conditions, such as a lower
 refining margin environment, shortages of crude oil and other
 feedstocks or extreme price fluctuations. In addition, we
 compete with producers and marketers in other industries that
 supply alternative forms of energy and fuels to satisfy the
 requirements of our industrial, commercial and individual
 customers.

 We also face strong competition in the market for the sale of
 retail gasoline and merchandise. Our competitors include service
 stations operated by fully integrated major oil companies and
 other well-recognized national or regional retail outlets, often
 selling gasoline or merchandise at aggressively competitive
 prices.

 Some of our competitors also have materially greater financial
 and other resources than we have. Such competitors have a
 greater ability to bear the economic risks inherent in all
 phases of our industry. The actions of our competitors, along
 with changes in the supply and price of foreign imports, could
 lead to lower prices or reduced margins for the products we
 sell, which could have an adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 Meeting
 the requirements of evolving environmental, health and safety
 laws and regulations including those related to climate change
 could adversely affect our performance.

 Consistent with the experience of other U.S. refiners,
 environmental laws and regulations have raised operating costs
 and require significant capital investments at our refineries.
 We believe that existing physical facilities at our refineries
 are substantially adequate to maintain compliance with existing
 applicable laws and regulatory requirements. However, we may be
 required to address conditions that may be discovered in the
 future and require a response. Also, potentially material
 expenditures could be required in the future as a result of
 evolving environmental, health and safety, and energy laws,
 regulations or requirements that may be adopted or imposed in
 the future. Future developments in federal laws and regulations
 governing environmental, health and safety and energy matters
 are especially difficult to predict.

 Currently, various legislative and regulatory measures to
 address greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon dioxide,
 methane and nitrous oxides) are in various phases of discussion
 or implementation. These include requirements effective in
 January 2010 to report emissions of greenhouse gases to the EPA
 and proposed federal legislation and regulation as well as state
 actions to develop statewide or regional programs, each of which
 require or could require reductions in our greenhouse gas
 emissions. Requiring reductions in our greenhouse gas emissions
 could result in increased costs to (i) operate and maintain
 our facilities, (ii) install new emission controls at our
 facilities and (iii) administer and manage any greenhouse
 gas emissions programs, including acquiring emission credits or
 allotments.

 18

Table of Contents

 Requiring reductions in our greenhouse gas emissions and
 increased use of renewable fuels could also decrease the demand
 for our refined products, and could have a material adverse
 effect on our business financial condition and results of
 operations. For example:

 • 

 In California, Assembly Bill 32 (“AB 32”), created a
 statewide cap on greenhouse gas emissions and requires that the
 state return to 1990 emission levels by 2020. AB 32 also created
 a Low Carbon Fuel Standard which requires a 10% reduction in the
 carbon intensity of fuels by 2020.

 • 

 In December 2007, the U.S. Congress passed the Energy
 Independence and Security Act that created a second Renewable
 Fuels Standard (“RFS2”). This standard requires the
 total volume of renewable transportation fuels (including
 ethanol and advanced biofuels) sold or introduced in the
 U.S. to reach 12.95 billion gallons in 2010 and rise
 to 36 billion gallons by 2022.

 • 

 In 2009, the EPA proposed regulations that would require the
 reduction of emissions of greenhouse gases from light trucks and
 cars, and would establish permitting thresholds for stationary
 sources that emit greenhouse gases and require emissions
 controls for those sources.

 • 

 In 2009, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a
 “cap and trade” bill that would require reduction of
 greenhouse gas emissions of 17% by 2020 and 80% by 2050.

 Our
 operations are subject to operational hazards that could expose
 us to potentially significant losses.

 Our operations are subject to potential operational hazards and
 risks inherent in refining operations and in transporting and
 storing crude oil and refined products, such as fires, major
 accidents, severe weather, natural disasters, explosions,
 maritime disasters, labor disputes, security breaches, pipeline
 ruptures and spills and mechanical failure of equipment at our
 or third party facilities, any of which can result in business
 interruptions or shutdowns and damage to our properties and the