The
 global financial crisis may have an impact on our business and
 financial condition in ways that we currently cannot
 predict.

 The continued credit crisis and related turmoil in the global
 financial system has had and may continue to have an impact on
 our business. Recent declines in consumer and business
 confidence and spending, together with severe reductions in the
 availability and increases in the cost of credit and volatility
 in the capital and credit markets, have adversely affected the
 business and economic environment in which we operate. Our
 business is exposed to risks associated with the
 creditworthiness of our suppliers, customers and business
 partners. The consequences of such adverse effects could include
 interruptions or delays in our suppliers’ performance of
 our contracts, reductions and delays in customer purchases,
 delays in or the inability of customers to obtain financing to
 purchase our products, and bankruptcy of customers. Any of these
 events may adversely affect our cash flow, profitability and
 financial condition.

 The current worldwide financial crisis has reduced the
 availability of credit to fund or support the continuation and
 expansion of business operations worldwide. Many lenders and
 institutional investors have reduced and, in some cases, ceased
 to provide funding to borrowers. These conditions have not
 impaired our ability to finance our operations, but there can be
 no assurance that there will not be a further deterioration in
 financial markets and confidence in major economies that could
 negatively impact our access to credit. Continued disruption of
 the credit markets has affected and could continue to adversely
 affect our suppliers’ and customers’ access to credit
 which supports the continuation and expansion of their
 businesses worldwide and could result in disruptions in our
 business operations, contract cancellations or suspensions and
 payment delays or defaults by our customers.

 In October 2008, Lehman Commercial Paper Inc. (“Lehman
 CPI”), a previous lender under our credit agreement with a
 $50 million commitment (less than 3% our total credit
 agreement capacity), filed for bankruptcy. Lehman CPI will not
 participate in any future requests for funding and it is not
 certain whether another lender might

 17

Table of Contents

 assume its commitment. While the financial crisis could impact
 our ability to obtain future borrowings under our credit
 agreement if other lenders are forced into receivership or to
 file for bankruptcy or are otherwise unable to perform their
 obligations, we are unaware of any reason to believe this will
 happen.

 The
 volatility of crude oil prices, refined product prices and
 natural gas and electrical power prices may have a material
 adverse effect on our cash flow and results of
 operations.

 Our earnings and cash flows from our refining and wholesale
 marketing operations depend on a number of factors, including
 fixed and variable expenses (including the cost of crude oil and
 other refinery feedstocks) and the margin relative to those
 expenses at which we are able to sell refined products. In
 recent years, the prices of crude oil and refined products have
 fluctuated substantially. These prices depend on numerous
 factors beyond our control, including the global supply and
 demand for crude oil, gasoline and other refined products, which
 are subject to, among other things:

 • 

 changes in the global economy and the level of foreign and
 domestic production of crude oil and refined products;

 • 

 availability of crude oil and refined products and the
 infrastructure to transport crude oil and refined products;

 • 

 local factors, including market conditions, the level of
 operations of other refineries in our markets, and the volume of
 refined products imported;

 • 

 threatened or actual terrorist incidents, acts of war, and other
 global political conditions;

 • 

 government regulations; and

 • 

 weather conditions, hurricanes or other natural disasters.

 Prices for refined products are influenced by the price of crude
 oil. We do not produce crude oil and must purchase all of our
 crude oil, the price of which fluctuates on worldwide market
 conditions. Generally, an increase or decrease in the price of
 crude oil affects the price of gasoline and other refined
 products. However, the prices for crude oil and prices for our
 refined products can fluctuate differently based on global and
 local market conditions. In addition, the timing of the relative
 movement of the prices (both among different classes of refined
 products and among various global markets for similar refined
 products) as well as the overall change in refined product
 prices, can reduce profit margins and could have a significant
 impact on our refining and wholesale marketing operations,
 earnings and cash flow. Also, crude oil supply contracts
 generally have market-responsive pricing provisions. We purchase
 our refinery feedstocks weeks before manufacturing and selling
 the refined products. Price level changes during the period
 between purchasing feedstocks and selling the manufactured
 refined products from these feedstocks could have a significant
 effect on our financial results. We also purchase refined
 products manufactured by others for sale to our customers. Price
 level changes during the periods between purchasing and selling
 these refined products also could have a material adverse effect
 on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

 Volatile prices for natural gas and electrical power used by our
 refineries and other operations affect manufacturing and
 operating costs. Natural gas and electricity prices have been,
 and will continue to be, affected by supply and demand for fuel
 and utility services in both local and regional markets.

 Our
 operations are subject to operational hazards that could expose
 us to potentially significant losses.

 Our operations are subject to potential operational hazards and
 risks inherent in refining operations and in transporting and
 storing crude oil and refined products, such as fires natural
 disasters, explosions, maritime disasters, labor disputes,
 security breaches, pipeline ruptures and spills and mechanical
 failure of equipment at our or third party facilities, any of
 which can result in business interruptions and damage to our