Cautionary Statement regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

We
have made forward-looking statements in this annual report, including in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements”, that are
based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management’s assumptions. In addition, we, or others on our behalf, may make forward-looking statements in
press releases or other written statements or in oral communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings, webcasts, phone calls, and conference calls. Words such as “expect,”
“anticipate,” “outlook,” “forecast,” “potential,” “could,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “continue,” “believe,” “seek,”
“estimate,” “should,” “would”, 

12 

Table of Contents

“may,” “will,” “assume,” variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, intended, expected, believed, estimated, projected or planned including, but not
limited to, those described below and in other reports we file or furnish with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We wish to ensure that such forward-looking statements are accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements, so as to obtain the protections of the safe harbor established in the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. Accordingly, such statements are qualified by reference to the discussion below of certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. We caution the
reader that the list of factors may not be exhaustive. We operate in a continually changing business environment, and new risk factors emerge from time to time. We cannot predict such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact, if any, of such risk
factors on our business or the extent to which any factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and, except to the extent required by law, we do not have any intention or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after the distribution of this
report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise. 

Risks Related To Our Business 

Deterioration of the wireless infrastructure industry could lead to reductions in capital spending budgets by wireless operators and original equipment manufacturers, which could adversely affect our revenues, gross margins and
income.    Our revenues and gross margins will depend significantly on the overall demand for wireless infrastructure subsystems products. A reduction in capital spending budgets by wireless operators and original equipment
manufacturers caused by an economic downturn could lead to a softening in demand for our products and services, which could result in a decrease in revenues and earnings. 

The telecommunications industry has experienced significant consolidation and this trend is expected to continue. Recent examples of this
consolidation are Lucent’s merger with Alcatel and AT&T Wireless’ merger with Cingular. It is possible that we and one or more of our competitors each supply products to the companies that have merged or will
merge.    This consolidation could result in delays in purchasing decisions by merged companies or in us playing a decreased role in the supply of products to the merged companies. Delays or reductions in wireless
infrastructure spending could have a material adverse effect on demand for our products. We depend on several large OEMs and wireless service providers for a significant portion of our business. In fiscal 2006, the top 25 customers accounted for 69%
of sales. Any disruption in our relationships with our major customers could adversely affect our sales, operating margins, net income and stock price. 

A substantial portion of our manufacturing capacity and business activity is outside the United States. Conducting business in international markets involves risks and
uncertainties such as foreign exchange rate exposure and political and economic instability that could lead to reduced international sales and reduced profitability associated with such sales, which would reduce our sales and
income.    A significant portion of our sales are outside the United States. We anticipate that international sales will continue to represent a substantial portion of our total sales and that continued growth and
profitability will require further international expansion. Identifiable foreign exchange rate exposures result primarily from currency fluctuations, accounts receivable from customer sales, the anticipated purchase of products from affiliates and
third-party suppliers and the repayment of inter-company loans denominated in foreign currencies with our foreign subsidiaries. International business risks also include political and economic instability, tariffs and other trade barriers, longer
customer payment cycles, burdensome taxes, restrictions on the repatriation of earnings, expropriation or requirements of local or shared ownership, compliance with local laws and regulations, terrorist attacks, developing legal systems, reduced
protection of intellectual property rights in some countries, cultural and language differences, difficulties in managing and staffing operations and difficulties maintaining good employee relations. We believe that international risks and
uncertainties could lead to reduced international sales and reduced profitability associated with such sales, which would reduce our sales and income. 

The competitive pressures we face could lead to reduced demand or lower prices for our products and services in favor of our competitors’ products and services,
which could harm our sales, gross margins and prospects.    We encounter 

13 

Table of Contents

aggressive competition from a variety of competitors in all areas of our business, and compete primarily on the basis of technology, performance, price,
quality, reliability, brand, distribution, customer service and support. If we fail to develop new products and services, periodically enhance our existing products and services, or otherwise compete successfully, it would reduce our sales and
prospects. Further, we may have to continue to lower the prices of many of our products and services to stay competitive. If we cannot reduce our costs in response to competitive price pressures, our gross margins would decline. 

Over the last four years we have completed several acquisitions and may continue to make
acquisitions in the future. We believe that these acquisitions provide strategic growth opportunities for the company. Our failure to meet the challenges involved in successfully integrating acquisitions or to otherwise realize the anticipated
benefits of acquisitions could adversely affect our results of operations. Realizing the benefits of acquisitions will depend on our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions with our existing operations.    Our
inability to successfully integrate operations in a timely manner may result in the company not realizing the anticipated benefits or synergies of these acquisitions. The integration of companies is a complex, time-consuming and expensive process
that could significantly disrupt our business. The anticipated benefits and synergies of acquisitions are based on projections and assumptions, not actual experience, and assume a successful integration. In addition, the company’s ability to
realize these benefits and synergies could be adversely impacted by practical or legal constraints on our ability to combine operations or implement workforce reductions and by risks relating to potential unknown liabilities. The challenges involved
in successfully integrating acquisitions include: consolidating and rationalizing information systems and manufacturing operations, combining product offerings, coordinating and rationalizing research and development activities, preserving
distribution, marketing or other important relationships, maintaining employee morale and retaining key employees, and coordinating and combining overseas operations, relationships and facilities, which may be subject to additional constraints
imposed by local laws and regulations. 

If we cannot continue to rapidly
develop, manufacture and market innovative products and services that meet customer requirements for performance and reliability, we may lose market share and our revenues may suffer.    The process of developing new wireless
technology products and services is complex and uncertain, and failure to anticipate customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends accurately and to develop or obtain appropriate intellectual property could significantly harm our
results of operations. We must make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether our investments will eventually result in products that the market will accept. After a product is developed, we must be able to
manufacture sufficient volumes quickly and at low costs. To accomplish this, we must accurately forecast volumes, product mix and configurations that meet customer requirements, which we may not be able to do successfully. 

Among the factors that make a smooth transition from current products to new products
difficult are delays in product development or manufacturing, variations in product costs, delays in customer purchases of existing products in anticipation of new product introductions and customer demand for the new product. Our revenues and gross
margins may suffer if we cannot make such a transition effectively and also may suffer due to the timing of product or service introductions by our suppliers and competitors. This is especially challenging when a product has a short life cycle or a
competitor introduces a new product just before our own product introduction. Furthermore, sales of our new products may replace sales of some of our current products, offsetting the benefit of even a successful product introduction. If we incur
delays in new product introductions, or do not accurately estimate the market effects of new product introductions, given the competitive nature of our industry, future demand for our products and our revenues may be seriously harmed. 

We plan to move our Orland Park, Illinois manufacturing
facility
.    On August 29, 2005, we entered into a contract to sell our Orland Park, Illinois manufacturing and corporate headquarters site for approximately $26 million. The first phase of this transaction, which
was the sale of a portion of the land, closed in fiscal 2006. The second phase of this transaction, which will include the sale of the company’s Orland Park, Illinois facility, is expected to close in fiscal 2007. The company relocated its
headquarters to Westchester, Illinois in January 2006 and is constructing a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Joliet, Illinois which the company plans to occupy in fiscal 2007. In order to avoid customer-related disruptions, the company has
a detailed plan to transition administrative and manufacturing operations to these new facilities. However, due to the scope and nature of the move, customer shipments could be affected, which could affect customer relationships and the
company’s sales and profits. 

Our revenues and selling, general and
administrative expenses may suffer if we cannot continue to enforce the intellectual property rights on which our business depends or if third parties assert that we violate their intellectual property rights.    We generally
rely upon patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the United States and similar 

14 

Table of Contents

laws in other countries, and agreements with our employees, customers, partners and other parties, to establish and maintain our intellectual property rights
in technology and products used in our operations. However, any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or our intellectual property rights may not provide competitive advantages, which could
significantly harm our business. Also, because of the rapid pace of technological change in the wireless industry, a portion of our business and our products may rely on key technologies developed by third parties, and we may not be able to obtain
licenses and technologies from these third parties on reasonable terms or at all. Third parties also may claim that we are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. Even if we do not believe that our products or business are infringing
upon third parties’ intellectual property rights, the claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend and may divert management’s attention and resources away from our business. Claims of intellectual property infringement also might
require us to enter into costly settlement or license agreements. If we cannot or do not license the infringed technology at all or on reasonable terms or substitute similar technology from another source, our sales, operating margins and income
could suffer. 

We are subject to risks related to product defects which
could result in product recalls and could subject us to warranty claims which are greater than anticipated. If we were to experience a product recall or an increase in warranty claims compared with our historical experience, our sales and operating
results could be adversely affected.    We test our products through a variety of means. However, there can be no assurance that our testing will reveal latent defects in our products, which may not become apparent until
after the products have been sold into the market. Accordingly, there is a risk that product defects will occur, which could require a product recall. Product recalls can be expensive to implement and, if a product recall occurs during the
product’s warranty period, we may be required to replace the defective product. In addition, a product recall may damage our relationship with our customers, and we may lose market share with our customers. We offer warranties on most products.
The specific terms and conditions of the warranties offered vary depending upon the products sold. We accrue for warranty costs based on the number of units sold, the type of products sold, historical and anticipated rates of warranty claims and
cost per claim. We regularly review these forecasts and make adjustments as needed. If we were to experience product recall or an increase in warranty claims compared with our historical experience, our sales and operating results could be adversely
affected. 

If we cannot continue to attract and retain highly-qualified
people, our revenues, gross margin and income may suffer.    We believe that our future success significantly depends on our ability to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified management, technical and marketing
personnel. The competition for these individuals is intense. From time to time, there may be a shortage of skilled labor, which may make it more difficult and expensive for us to attract, motivate and retain qualified employees. We believe our
inability to do so could negatively impact the demand for our products and services and consequently our financial condition and operating results. 

Our costs and business prospects may be affected by increased government regulation, a factor which is largely beyond our control.    We are
not directly regulated in the United States, but many of our U.S. customers and the telecommunications industry generally are subject to Federal Communications Commission regulations. In overseas markets, there are generally similar governmental
agencies that regulate our customers. We believe that regulatory changes could have a significant negative effect on our business and operating results by restricting our customers’ development efforts, making current products obsolete or
increasing competition. Our customers must obtain regulatory approvals to operate certain of our products. Any failure or delay by any of our customers to obtain these approvals would adversely impact our ability to sell our products. The enactment
by governments of new laws or regulations or a change in the interpretation of existing regulations could adversely affect the market for our products. The increasing demand for wireless communications has exerted pressure on regulatory bodies
worldwide to adopt new standards for such products, generally following extensive investigation and deliberation over competing technologies. In the past, the delays inherent in this governmental approval process have caused, and may in the future
cause, the cancellation or postponement of the deployment of new technologies. These delays could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, gross margins and income. 

The Chinese government could delay issuance of anticipated new wireless network licenses.    The Chinese
government is planning to issue licenses for its next generation wireless network. The new Chinese network will become the technical standard with which wireless infrastructure will be designed, manufactured and deployed in China. It
is anticipated that these licenses will be issued during calendar year 2007. Additionally, we anticipate an increase in wireless infrastructure spending associated with the build-out of the anticipated, new network. Significant
delays of license issuance could adversely affect the company’s financial results. 

15 

Table of Contents

Compliance with European Union environmental directives could be difficult and costly for the
company.    The European Union has issued directives governing the design of energy-using products, the restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances and the waste (disposal) of electrical and electronic
equipment. These directives require companies to change the way they design, manufacture, track and bring new products into the market. Certain products we manufacture and distribute throughout the European Union will need to comply with
these directives. If we are not able to comply with these directives, customer shipments and financial results may be adversely affected.

The goodwill balance on our balance sheet is tested annually for possible valuation impairment and any non-cash impairment charges could adversely affect our financial
results.    We test our goodwill balance annually for possible impairment based on the five reporting units of our business. On September 30, 2006 we had a goodwill balance of $883 million, of which $412 million relates
to the Base Station Subsystems group. As a result of its relatively large amount of goodwill and its operating losses in fiscal 2004, 2005 and 2006, the Base Station Subsystem Group’s goodwill is at a higher risk of potential future impairment.
The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment. In estimating the fair value of the businesses for the purpose of our annual or periodic analyses, we make estimates and judgments about
the future cash flows of these businesses. Although our cash flow forecasts are based on assumptions that are consistent with plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses, there is significant judgment in determining the cash
flows attributable to these businesses. If actual results are different from the company’s forecasts, future tests may indicate an impairment of goodwill, which could result in non-cash charges, adversely affecting the company’s results of
operations. If, in the course of our annual valuation testing procedures, we determine that a portion of the consolidated goodwill balance is impaired, any non-cash impairment charges would adversely affect our financial results. 

The manufacture of our power amplifiers and certain of our filter products have been
outsourced to companies that specialize in electronics contract manufacturing.    The manufacturing of the company’s power amplifier products has been performed by a leading electronics contract manufacturer for the past
several years. Additionally, in September 2006, the company announced that it is outsourcing the manufacture of its European and North American-made filters to another leading electronics contract manufacturer. The company will continue to
manufacture certain filter products at its Shenzhen, China facility. The use of contract electronics manufacturers by the company increases the risk of product supply disruption and intellectual property misappropriation. Disruption of product
supplies could affect customer relationships, sales and profits. Intellectual property misappropriation could affect the company’s competitiveness in power amplifier and certain filter product lines which would depress long-term sales and
profits. 

Allegations of health risks from wireless equipment may negatively
affect our results of operations.    Allegations of health risks from the electromagnetic fields generated by base stations and mobile handsets, and the lawsuits and publicity relating to them, regardless of merit, could
affect our operations negatively by leading consumers to reduce their use of mobile phones or by causing us to allocate resources to these issues. 

Beginning in fiscal 2003, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“the Act”) has required the company to comply with numerous provisions focused on upgraded
disclosures and corporate governance, increasing the company’s cost and complexity of being a public company.    Beginning in fiscal 2005, Section 404 of the Act required that the company include an internal control
report of management in its annual report on Form 10-K. The internal control report must contain (1) a statement of management’s responsibility for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, (2) a
statement identifying the framework used by management to conduct the required evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, (3) management’s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of the end of its most recent fiscal year, including a statement as to whether or not internal control over financial reporting is effective, and (4) a statement that the company’s independent auditors have issued an
attestation report on management’s assessment of internal control over financial reporting. 

Management acknowledges its responsibility for internal controls over financial reporting and seeks to continually improve those controls. The company believes its process for documenting, evaluating and monitoring
its internal control over financial reporting is consistent with the objectives of Section 404 of the Act. The company devotes significant resources maintaining its system of internal controls. We believe the inability to implement and maintain
adequate internal controls and to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in future periods could negatively impact investor confidence and the company’s stock price. 

16 

Table of Contents

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

The price of our common stock historically has been volatile.    The market price of our common stock
historically has experienced and may continue to experience high volatility, and the broader stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations in recent years. Some of the factors that can affect our stock price are: actual, or
market expectations of, fluctuations in capital spending by wireless operators and original equipment manufacturers on wireless infrastructure; the announcement of new products, services or technological innovations by us or our competitors;
continued variability in our revenue or earnings; changes in revenue or earnings estimates for us made by the investment community; delays or postponements of wireless infrastructure deployments, including 3G technology, regardless of whether such
deployments have an actual impact on our orders or sales; and speculation in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations, business or significant transactions. 

General market conditions and domestic or international macroeconomic and geopolitical
factors unrelated to our performance may also affect the price of our common stock. For these reasons, investors should not rely on historical trends to predict future stock prices or financial results. In addition, following periods of volatility
in a company’s securities, securities class action litigation against a company is sometimes instituted. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and the diversion of management time and resources. We anticipate that we will
continue to face these types of risks.