.

Forward-Looking Statements And Risk Factors.

The Company cautions that any forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) contained in this Form 10-K or made by the Company, its
management or spokespeople involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on
various factors, many of which may be beyond its control. Words such as “estimate,” “project,”
“plan,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” and similar expressions may identify
forward-looking statements. Except as may be required by applicable law, the Company assumes no
obligation to publicly update or revise its forward-looking statements.

The following factors could affect the Company’s financial performance and could cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any of the forward-looking
statements:

•

changes in consumer spending patterns and consumer preferences;

•

the impact of competition and pricing pressures;

•

disruptive weather conditions affecting consumers’ ability to shop;

•

unseasonal weather conditions affecting consumer preferences;

•

availability and market prices of key raw materials;

•

ability of manufacturers to comply with applicable laws, regulations and ethical business practices;

•

currency and exchange risks and changes in existing or potential duties, tariffs or quotas;

•

availability of suitable store locations on appropriate terms;

•

ability to develop innovative, high-quality new merchandise in response to changing fashion trends;

•

loss of the services of skilled senior executive officers;

•

ability to hire, train and retain qualified associates; and

•

the effects of political and economic events and conditions domestically and in foreign
jurisdictions in which the Company operates, including, but not limited to, acts of
terrorism or war.

The following sets forth a description of certain risk factors that the Company believes may be
relevant to an understanding of the Company and its business. These risk factors, in addition to
the factors set forth above, could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed
or implied in any of the Company’s forward-looking statements.

8

Table of Contents

The Loss of the Services of Skilled Senior Executive Officers Could Have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company’s Business.

The Company’s senior executive officers closely supervise all aspects of its business, in
particular the design of its merchandise and the operation of its stores. The Company’s senior
executive officers have substantial experience and expertise in the retail business and have made
significant contributions to the growth and success of its brands. If the Company were to lose the
benefit of their involvement, in particular the services of any one or more of Michael S. Jeffries,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Diane Chang, Executive Vice President – Sourcing, Leslee K.
Herro, Executive Vice President – Planning and Allocation and Michael W. Kramer, Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer, its business could be adversely affected. Competition for
such senior executive officers is intense, and the Company cannot be sure it will be able to
attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified senior executive officers in future periods.

Failure To Anticipate, Identify and Respond To Changing Consumer Preferences and Fashion Trends
in a Timely Manner Could Cause the Company’s Profitability To Decline.

The Company’s success largely depends on its ability to anticipate and gauge the fashion
preferences of its customers, and provide merchandise that satisfies constantly shifting demands in
a timely manner. The merchandise must appeal to each brand’s corresponding target market of
consumers whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to rapid change.
Because the Company enters into agreements for the manufacture and purchase of merchandise well in
advance of the applicable selling season, it is vulnerable to changes in consumer preference and
demand, pricing shifts and the sub-optimal selection and timing of merchandise purchases. There
can be no assurance that the Company will be able to continue to successfully anticipate consumer
demands in the future. To the extent that the Company fails to anticipate, identify and respond
effectively to changing consumer preferences and fashion trends, its sales will be adversely
affected and inventory levels for certain merchandise styles no longer considered to be “on trend”
may increase, leading to higher markdowns to reduce excess inventory or increases in inventory
valuation reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition
or results of operations.

Comparable Store Sales Will Fluctuate on a Regular Basis, Which in Turn May Cause Volatility in
the Price of the Company’s Common Stock.

The Company’s comparable store sales, defined as year-over-year sales for a store that has been
open as the same brand at least one year and the square footage of which has not been expanded or
reduced by more than 20%, have fluctuated significantly in the past on an annual, quarterly and
monthly basis and are expected to continue to fluctuate in the future. During the past three
fiscal years, the comparable sales results have fluctuated as follows: (a) from 2% to 26% for the
annual results; (b) from (5%) to 30% for the quarterly results; and (c) from (9%) to 38% for the
monthly results. The Company believes that a variety of factors affect comparable store sales
results including, but not limited to, fashion trends, actions by competitors, economic conditions,
weather conditions, opening and/or closing of Company stores near each other, such as the opening
of the New York City Flagship store, and calendar shifts of holiday periods. Comparable store
sales fluctuations may have in the past been an important factor in the volatility of the price of
the Company’s common stock, and it is likely that future comparable store sales fluctuations will
contribute to future stock volatility.

9

Table of Contents

The Company’s Market Share May Be Adversely Impacted at any Time by a Significant Number of
Competitors.

The specialty retail industry is highly competitive. The Company competes primarily on brand
differentiation. It competes against a diverse group of retailers, including national and local
specialty retail stores, traditional department stores and mail-order retailers. The Company faces
a variety of competitive challenges, including:

•

maintaining favorable brand recognition and effectively marketing its products to
consumers in several diverse market segments; and

•

sourcing merchandise efficiently.

There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to compete successfully in the future.

The Interruption of the Flow of Merchandise from Key International Manufacturers Could Disrupt
the Company’s Supply Chain.

The Company purchases the majority of its merchandise from outside the United States through
arrangements with approximately 258 foreign manufacturers located throughout the world, primarily
in Asia and Central and South America. In addition, many of its domestic manufacturers
maintain production facilities overseas. Political, social or economic instability in Asia or Central or South America, or in other regions in which the Company’s manufacturers are
located, could cause disruptions in trade, including exports to the United States. Other events
that could also cause disruptions to exports to the United States include:

•

the imposition of additional trade law provisions or regulations;

•

the imposition of additional duties, tariffs and other charges on imports and exports;

•

quotas imposed by bilateral textile agreements;

•

foreign currency fluctuations;

•

restrictions on the transfer of funds; and

•

significant labor disputes, such as dock strikes.

Historically,
a substantial portion of the merchandise the Company imports has been subject to quotas
restricting the quantity of textile or apparel products that can be imported into the United States
annually from a given country, and a significant majority of the Company’s purchases of such
products was from World Trade Organization (“WTO”) member countries. The United States has agreed,
as of January 1, 2005, to a phase out of import quotas for WTO member countries. As a result, the
Company should be able to freely import textile and apparel products from WTO member countries in
which its suppliers have their manufacturing facilities. However, the United States and Europe
have made agreements with China to place quantitative restrictions on a number of products,
including many textiles and apparel products. The outcome of this agreement could have a
significant impact on worldwide sourcing patterns in Fiscal 2007 and beyond. The extent of this
impact, if any, and the possible effect on the Company’s purchasing patterns and costs, cannot be
determined at this time.

10

Table of Contents

In addition, the Company cannot predict whether the countries in which its merchandise is
manufactured or may be manufactured in the future will be subject to additional trade restrictions
imposed by the United States or other foreign governments, including the likelihood, type or effect
of any such restrictions. Trade restrictions, including increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes,
safeguards and customs restrictions against apparel items, as well as U.S. or foreign labor
strikes, work stoppages or boycotts, could increase the cost or reduce the supply of apparel
available to the Company and adversely affect its business, financial condition or results of
operations.

The Company’s Reliance on Two Distribution Centers Located in the Same Vicinity Makes It
Susceptible to Disruptions or Adverse Conditions Affecting Its Distribution Centers.

The Company’s two DCs, located in New Albany, Ohio, manage the receipt, storage, sorting, packing
and distribution of merchandise to all of its stores and direct-to-consumer customers. As a
result, the Company’s operations are susceptible to local and regional factors, such as accidents,
system failures, economic and weather conditions, natural disasters, and demographic and population
changes, as well as other unforeseen events and circumstances. If the Company’s DC operations were
disrupted, its ability to replace inventory in its stores could be interrupted and sales could be
negatively impacted.

The Company’s Growth Strategy Relies on the Addition of New Stores and Remodeling of Stores
Each Year, Which May Strain the Company’s Resources and Adversely Impact the Current Store Base
Performance.

The Company’s growth strategy largely depends on opening new stores, remodeling existing stores in
a timely manner and operating them profitably. For Fiscal 2007, the Company expects to open
approximately 110 to 120 new stores and remodel ten to 20 stores. Successful implementation of the
Company’s growth strategy depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, obtaining
desirable prime store locations, negotiating acceptable leases, completing projects on budget,
supplying proper levels of merchandise and the hiring and training of store managers and sales
associates. Additionally, the new stores may place increased demands on the Company’s operational,
managerial and administrative resources, which could cause the Company to operate less effectively.
Furthermore, there is a possibility that new stores opened in existing markets may have an adverse
effect on previously existing stores in such markets. Failure to properly implement the Company’s
growth strategy could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition or
results of operations.

11

Table of Contents

The Company’s Net Sales and Inventory Levels Fluctuate on a Seasonal Basis, Causing Its Results
of Operations to be Particularly Susceptible to Changes in Back-to-School and Holiday Shopping
Patterns.

Historically, the Company’s operations have been seasonal, with a significant amount of net sales
and net income occurring in the fourth fiscal quarter, reflecting increased sales during the
Holiday selling season and, to a lesser extent, the third fiscal quarter, reflecting increased
sales during the Back-to-School selling season. The Company’s net sales and net income during the
first and second fiscal quarters typically are lower due, in part, to the traditional retail
slowdown immediately following the Holiday season. As a result of this seasonality, net sales and
net income during any fiscal quarter cannot be used as an accurate indicator of the Company’s
annual results. In addition, any factors negatively affecting the Company during the third and
fourth fiscal quarters of any year, including adverse weather or unfavorable economic conditions,
could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations for the
entire year. Also, in order to prepare for the Back-to-School and Holiday selling seasons, the
Company must order and keep in stock significantly more merchandise than it would carry during
other parts of the year. High inventory levels due to unanticipated decreases in demand for the
Company’s products during peak selling seasons, misidentification of fashion trends or excess
inventory purchases could require the Company to sell merchandise at a substantial markdown, which
could reduce its net sales and gross margins and negatively impact its profitability.

The Company Does Not Own or Operate any Manufacturing Facilities and Therefore Depends Upon
Independent Third Parties for the Manufacture of All Its Merchandise. 

The Company does not own or operate any manufacturing facilities. As a result, the continued
success of the Company’s operations is tied to its timely receipt of quality merchandise from
third-party manufacturers. A manufacturer’s inability to ship orders in a timely manner or meet
the Company’s quality standards could cause delays in responding to consumer demands, negatively
affect consumer confidence in the quality and value of the Company’s brands and negatively impact
the Company’s competitive position and could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
financial condition or results of operations.

The Company’s Ability To Attract Customers to Its Stores Depends Heavily on the Success of the
Shopping Centers in Which They Are Located.

In order to generate customer traffic, the Company locates many of its stores in prominent
locations within successful shopping centers. The Company cannot control the development of new
shopping centers, the availability or cost of appropriate locations within existing or new shopping
centers, competition with other retailers for prominent locations or the success of individual
shopping centers. In addition, factors beyond the Company’s control impact shopping center
traffic, such as general economic conditions and consumer spending levels. A slowdown in the U.S.
economy could negatively affect consumer spending and reduce shopping center traffic. A
significant decrease in shopping center traffic could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, in pursuing its growth
strategy, the Company will be competing with other retailers for prominent locations within
successful shopping centers. If the Company is unable to secure these locations or is unable to
renew store leases on acceptable terms – as they expire from time-to-time – it may not be able to
continue to attract the number or quality of customers it normally has attracted or would need to
attract to sustain its projected growth. All these factors may also impact the Company’s ability
to meet its growth targets and could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or
results of operations.

12

Table of Contents

The Company’s Reliance on Third Parties To Deliver Merchandise from Its Distribution Centers to
Its Stores Could Result in Disruptions to Its Business.

The efficient operation of the Company’s stores depends on the timely receipt of merchandise from
the Company’s DCs. An independent third party transportation
company delivers a substantial portion of
the Company’s merchandise to its stores. The independent third party employs personnel represented
by labor unions. Disruptions in the delivery of merchandise or work stoppages by employees or
contractors of this third party could delay the timely receipt of merchandise. There can be no
assurance that such stoppages or disruptions will not occur in the future. Any failure by this
third party to respond adequately to the Company’s distribution needs would disrupt its operations
and could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations.

The Company’s Litigation Exposure Could Exceed Expectations, Having a Material Adverse Effect
on Its Financial Condition or Results of Operations.

The Company is involved, from time-to-time, in litigation incidental to its business, such as
litigation regarding overtime compensation and other employment related matters. In addition, the
Company is involved in several purported class action lawsuits and several shareholder derivative
actions, as well as an SEC investigation, all regarding trading in the Company’s Class A Common
Stock in the summer of Fiscal 2005 (collectively, the “Securities Matters”) (See “Item 3. Legal
Proceedings.”) Management is unable to assess the potential exposure of the aforesaid matters.
The Company’s current exposure could change in the event of the discovery of damaging facts with
respect to legal matters pending against the Company or determinations by judges, juries or other
finders of fact that are not in accord with management’s evaluation of the claims. Should
management’s evaluation prove incorrect, particularly in regard to the class action overtime
compensation and other employment related claims and the Securities Matters, the Company’s exposure
could greatly exceed expectations and have a material adverse effect
upon the financial condition,
 results of operations or statements of cash flows.

The Company’s Failure To Adequately Protect Its Trademarks, Abercrombie & Fitch®, abercrombie®,
Hollister Co.® and Ruehl No. 925® Could Have a Negative Impact on Its Brand Image and Limit Its
Ability To Penetrate New Markets.

The Company believes that its trademarks Abercrombie & Fitch®, abercrombie®, Hollister Co.®, Ruehl No. 925®,
the “Moose” and “Seagull” logos and trademarks related to its newest concept are an essential element of the Company’s strategy. The Company has obtained or
applied for federal registration of these trademarks, has pending trademark registration
applications for other trademarks in the United States and has applied for or obtained
registrations in many foreign countries in which its manufacturers are located. There can be no
assurance that the Company will obtain such registrations or that the registrations the Company
obtains will prevent the imitation of its products or infringement of its intellectual property
rights by others. If any third party copies the Company’s products in a manner that projects
lesser quality or carries a negative connotation, the Company’s brand image could be materially
adversely affected.

13

Table of Contents

Because the Company has not yet registered all of its trademarks in all categories or in all
foreign countries in which it now or may in the future source or offer its merchandise, its
international expansion and its merchandising of products using these marks could be limited. For
example, the Company cannot assure that others will not try to block the manufacture, export or
sale of its products as violative of their trademarks or other proprietary rights. The pending
applications for international registration of various trademarks could be challenged or rejected
in those countries because third parties of which the Company is not currently aware have already
registered similar marks in those countries. Accordingly, it may be possible, in those foreign
countries where the status of various registration applications are pending or unclear, for a third
party owner of the national trademark registration for a similar mark to enjoin the manufacture,
sale or exportation of branded goods in or from that country. If the Company is unable to reach a
licensing arrangement with these parties, the Company’s manufacturers may be unable to manufacture
its products, and the Company may be unable to sell in those countries. The Company’s inability to
register its trademarks or purchase or license the right to use its trademarks or logos in these
jurisdictions could limit its ability to obtain supplies from, or manufacture in, less costly
markets or penetrate new markets should the Company’s business plan include selling its merchandise
in those non-U.S. jurisdictions.

In Fiscal 2006, the Company launched a new anti-counterfeiting program, under the auspices of the
Abercrombie & Fitch Brand Protection Team, whose goal is to eliminate the supply of illicit
Abercrombie & Fitch Co. products. The Brand Protection Team interacts with investigators, customs
officials and law enforcement entities throughout the world to combat the illegal use of the
Company’s trademarks. Although brand security initiatives are being taken, the Company cannot
guarantee that its efforts against the counterfeiting of its brands will be successful.

The Company’s Long-Term Growth Strategy Depends on the Development of New Brand Concepts.

Historically, the Company has grown by adding new brand concepts every several years and may
continue to do so in the future. Each new brand concept requires management’s focus and attention
as well as significant capital investments. Furthermore, each new brand concept is susceptible to
risks that include lack of customer acceptance, competition from existing or new retailers, product
differentiation, production and distribution inefficiencies and unanticipated operating issues.
Even though the Company’s past brand concepts have been successful, there is no assurance that new
brand concepts will achieve similar results. Any new brand concept that is not successfully
launched could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition or results of
operations.

Modifications and/or Upgrades to Information Technology Systems May Disrupt Operations. 

The Company regularly evaluates its information technology systems and requirements and is
currently implementing modifications and/or upgrades to its information technology systems
supporting the business. Modifications will
involve replacing legacy systems with successor systems, making changes to legacy systems or
acquiring new systems with new functionality. The Company is aware of inherent risks associated
with replacing and changing these systems, including accurately capturing data and system
disruptions and believes it is taking appropriate action to mitigate the risks through testing,
training and staging implementation as well as securing appropriate commercial contracts with
third-party vendors supplying such replacement technologies. Information technology system
disruptions, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect
on its financial condition or results of operations. Additionally, there is no assurance that a
successfully implemented system will deliver value to the Company.

14

Table of Contents

The Company’s International Expansion Plan Is Dependent on a Number of Factors, Any of Which
Could Delay or Prevent the Successful Penetration into New Markets and Strain Its Resources.

As the Company expands internationally, it may incur significant costs related to starting up and
maintaining foreign operations. Costs may include, and are not limited to, obtaining prime
locations for stores, setting up foreign offices and DCs and hiring experienced management. The
Company will be unable to open and operate new stores successfully, and its growth will be limited
unless it can:

•

identify suitable markets and sites for store locations;

•

negotiate acceptable lease terms;

•

hire, train and retain competent store personnel;

•

gain acceptance from its foreign customers;

•

foster current relationships and develop new relationships with vendors that are capable
of supplying a greater volume of merchandise;

•

manage inventory effectively to meet the needs of new and existing stores on a timely basis;

•

expand its infrastructure to accommodate growth;

•

generate sufficient operating cash flows or secure adequate capital on commercially
reasonable terms to fund its expansion plan; and

•

manage its foreign exchange risks effectively.

In addition, the Company’s proposed international expansion will place increased demands on its
operational, managerial and administrative resources. These increased demands may cause the
Company to operate its business less effectively, which in turn could cause deterioration in the
performance of its stores. Furthermore, the Company’s ability to conduct business in international
markets may be affected by legal, regulatory, political and economic risks.

Direct-to-Consumer Sales Include Risks that Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company’s Financial Condition or Results from Operations.

The Company’s direct-to-consumer operations are subject to numerous risks that could have a
material adverse effect on its operational results. Risks include, but are not limited to, the
following: (a) diversion of sales from the Company’s stores, which may impact comparable store
sales figures; (b) difficulty in recreating the in-store experience on a web site; (c) domestic or
international resellers purchasing merchandise and re-selling it overseas outside the Company’s
control; and (d) risks related to the failure of the systems that operate the web sites and their
related support systems, including computer viruses, theft of customer information,
telecommunication failures and electronic break-ins and similar disruptions.

15

Table of Contents