.

 Forward-Looking
 Statements And Risk Factors.

 The Company cautions that any forward-looking statements (as
 such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform
 Act of 1995) contained in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 or made by the Company, its management or spokespeople involve
 risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on
 various factors, many of which may be beyond the Company’s
 control. Words such as “estimate,”
 “project,” “plan,” “believe,”
 “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend”
 and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements.
 Except as may be required by applicable law, the Company assumes
 no obligation to publicly update or revise its forward-looking
 statements.

 The following factors could affect the Company’s financial
 performance and could cause actual results to differ materially
 from those expressed or implied in any of the forward-looking
 statements:

 • 

 effects of general economic and financial conditions which
 impact consumer behavior and spending and may exacerbate some of
 the risks noted below including consumer demand, strain on
 available resources, international growth strategy, store
 growth, interruption of the flow of merchandise from key vendors
 and manufacturers and foreign currency exchange rate
 fluctuations;

 • 

 changes in consumer spending patterns and consumer preferences,
 including changes as a result of instability in economic
 conditions, which could affect the reputation and appeal of the
 Company’s brands;

 • 

 the impact of competition and pricing pressures;

 • 

 inability to achieve acceptable operating profits from the
 execution of the Company’s international expansion as a
 result of many factors, including the inability to successfully
 penetrate new markets and the potential strain on resources
 caused by the expansion;

 • 

 effects of changes in credit and lending market conditions;

 • 

 loss of services of skilled senior executive officers and/or
 inadequate succession planning for key positions;

 6

Table of Contents

 • 

 ability to hire, train and retain qualified associates;

 • 

 ability to develop innovative, high-quality new merchandise in
 response to changing fashion trends;

 • 

 availability and market prices of key raw materials;

 • 

 interruption of the flow of merchandise from key vendors and
 manufacturers and the flow of merchandise to and from
 distributors;

 • 

 ability of manufacturers to comply with applicable laws and
 regulations and ethical business practices;

 • 

 availability of suitable store locations under appropriate terms;

 • 

 currency and exchange risks and changes in existing or potential
 duties, tariffs or quotas;

 • 

 effects of political and economic events and conditions
 domestically, and in foreign jurisdictions in which the Company
 operates, including, but not limited to, acts of terrorism or
 war;

 • 

 unseasonable weather conditions affecting consumer preferences;

 • 

 disruptive weather conditions affecting consumers’ ability
 to shop;

 • 

 effect of litigation or adversary proceeding exposure
 potentially exceeding expectations; and

 • 

 potential disruption of the Company’s business due to the
 occurrence of, or fear of, a health pandemic.

 The following sets forth a description of certain risk factors
 that the Company believes may be relevant to an understanding of
 the Company and its business. These risk factors, in addition to
 the factors set forth above, could cause actual results to
 differ materially from those expressed or implied in any of the
 Company’s forward-looking statements.

 General
 Economic and Financial Conditions Could Have a Material Adverse
 Effect on the Company’s Business, Results of Operations and
 Liquidity

.

 Consumer purchases of discretionary items, including the
 Company’s merchandise, generally decline during
 recessionary periods and other periods where disposable income
 is adversely affected. The Company’s performance is subject
 to factors that affect worldwide economic conditions including
 employment, consumer debt, reductions in net worth based on
 declines in the financial, residential real estate and mortgage
 markets, taxation, fuel and energy prices, interest rates,
 consumer confidence, value of the U.S. dollar versus
 foreign currencies and other macroeconomic factors. Over the
 past several years, the combination of these factors has caused
 consumer spending to deteriorate significantly and may cause
 levels of spending to remain depressed for the foreseeable
 future. These factors may cause consumers to purchase products
 from lower priced competitors or to defer purchases of apparel
 and personal care products altogether.

 The economic uncertainty could have a material effect on the
 Company’s results of operations and its liquidity and
 capital resources. It could also impact the Company’s
 ability to fund its growth
 and/or
 result in the Company becoming reliant on external financing,
 the availability of which may be uncertain.

 In addition, the economic environment may exacerbate some of the
 risks noted below, including consumer demand, strain on
 available resources, international growth strategy, store
 growth, interruption of the flow of merchandise from key vendors
 and manufacturers, and foreign exchange rate fluctuations. The
 risks could be exacerbated individually or collectively.

 7

Table of Contents

 The
 Loss of the Services of Skilled Senior Executive Officers Could
 Have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company’s
 Business.

 The Company’s senior executive officers closely supervise
 all aspects of its business — in particular, the
 design of its merchandise and the operation of its stores. The
 Company’s senior executive officers have substantial
 experience and expertise in the retail business and have made
 significant contributions to the growth and success of the
 Company’s brands. If the Company were to lose the benefit
 of their involvement, in particular the services of any one or
 more of Michael S. Jeffries, Chairman and Chief Executive
 Officer, Diane Chang, Executive Vice President —
 Sourcing, Leslee K. Herro, Executive Vice President —
 Planning and Allocation, Jonathan E. Ramsden, Executive Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer and David S. Cupps, Senior
 Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, its business
 could be adversely affected. Competition for such senior
 executive officers is intense, and the Company cannot be sure it
 will be able to attract, retain and develop a sufficient number
 of qualified senior executive officers in future periods.

 Equity-Based
 Compensation Awarded Under the Employment Agreement with the
 Company’s Chief Executive Officer Could Adversely Impact
 the Company’s Cash Flows, Financial Position or Results of
 Operations and Could Have a Dilutive Effect on the
 Company’s Outstanding Common Stock. 

 Under the Employment Agreement, entered into as of
 December 19, 2008, between the Company and Michael S.
 Jeffries, the Company’s Chairman and Chief Executive
 Officer (the “Jeffries Employment Agreement”),
 Mr. Jeffries received grants (the “Retention
 Grants”) of stock appreciation rights. In addition to the
 Retention Grants, Mr. Jeffries is also eligible to receive
 two equity-based grants during each fiscal year of the term of
 the Jeffries Employment Agreement starting with Fiscal 2009 (the
 “Semi-Annual Grant”). If a Semi-Annual Grant is
 earned, it will be awarded within 75 days following the end
 of the Company’s second quarter or fiscal year, as
 applicable, subject to Mr. Jeffries’ continuous
 employment with the Company (and, with respect to the final
 Semi-Annual Grant, continued service on the Company’s Board
 of Directors) through the applicable grant date. The value of
 the Semi-Annual Grants are uncertain and dependent on future
 market price of the Company’s Common Stock and the
 financial performance of the Company.

 In connection with the Semi-Annual Grants contemplated by the
 Jeffries Employment Agreement, the related compensation expense
 could significantly impact the Company’s results of
 operations. Further, the significant number of shares of Common
 Stock which could be issued upon exercise
 and/or
 vesting of the Retention Grant and the Semi-Annual Grants is
 uncertain and dependent on the future market price of the
 Company’s Common Stock and the financial performance of the
 Company, and would, if issued, have a dilutive effect with
 respect to the Company’s outstanding shares of Common
 Stock, which may adversely affect the market price of the
 Company’s Common Stock. Depending on the number of shares
 of Common Stock which could be issued under the Retention Grant
 and Semi-Annual Grants, the Company may deem it necessary or
 appropriate to seek shareholder approval of additional long-term
 incentive compensation plans in order to be able to settle the
 awards in Common Stock.

 In the event that there are not sufficient shares of Common
 Stock available to be issued under the Company’s 2007
 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “2007 LTIP”), or under a
 successor or replacement plan at the time these equity-based
 awards are ultimately settled, the Company will be required to
 settle some portion of the awards in cash, which could have an
 adverse impact on the Company’s cash flow from operations,
 financial position, results of operations. Furthermore, the
 awards may not be deductible pursuant to Internal Revenue Code
 Section 162(m). In addition, under applicable accounting
 rules, if the Company’s stock price increases to a point
 where, as of any measurement date, the Company would be unable
 to settle outstanding equity-based awards in shares of Common
 Stock from its existing plans, the Company will be required to

 8

Table of Contents

 classify and account for all or a portion of the equity-based
 awards as liabilities. This could further adversely impact the
 Company’s results of operations.

 The
 Failure to Anticipate, Identify and Respond to Changing Consumer
 Preferences and Fashion Trends in a Timely Manner Could Cause
 the Company’s Profitability to Decline.

 The Company’s success largely depends on its ability to
 anticipate and gauge the fashion preferences of its customers
 and provide merchandise that satisfies constantly shifting
 demands in a timely manner. The merchandise must appeal to each
 brand’s corresponding target market of consumers whose
 preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject
 to rapid change. Because the Company enters into agreements for
 the manufacture and purchase of merchandise well in advance of
 the applicable selling season, it is vulnerable to changes in
 consumer preference and demand, pricing shifts, and the
 sub-optimal
 selection and timing of merchandise purchases. There can be no
 assurance that the Company will continue to anticipate consumer
 demands successfully in the future. To the extent that the
 Company fails to anticipate, identify and respond effectively to
 changing consumer preferences and fashion trends, its sales will
 be adversely affected. Inventory levels for certain merchandise
 styles no longer considered to be “on trend” may
 increase, leading to higher markdowns to reduce excess inventory
 or increases in inventory valuation reserves. A distressed
 economic and retail environment, in which many of the
 Company’s competitors are engaging in aggressive
 promotional activities, increases the importance of reacting
 appropriately to changing consumer preferences and fashion
 trends. Each of these could have a material adverse effect on
 the Company’s financial condition or results of operations.

 The
 Company’s Market Share may be Adversely Impacted at any
 Time by a Significant Number of Competitors.

 The sale of apparel and personal care products through
 brick-and-mortar
 stores and

direct-to-consumer
 channels is a highly competitive business with numerous
 participants, including individual and chain fashion specialty
 stores, as well as regional and national department stores. The
 Company faces a variety of competitive challenges, including:

 • 

 maintaining favorable brand recognition and effectively
 marketing its products to consumers in several diverse
 demographic markets;

 • 

 sourcing merchandise efficiently; and

 • 

 countering the aggressive promotional activities of many of the
 Company’s competitors without diminishing the aspirational
 nature of the Company’s brands and brand equity.

 There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to
 compete successfully in the future.

 The
 Company’s International Expansion Plan is Dependent on a
 Number of Factors, any of Which Could Delay or Prevent
 Successful Penetration into New Markets and Strain its
 Resources.

 As the Company expands internationally, it may incur significant
 costs related to starting up and maintaining foreign operations.
 Costs may include, but are not limited to, obtaining prime
 locations for stores, setting up foreign offices and DCs, as
 well as hiring experienced management. The Company may be unable
 to open and operate new stores successfully, and its growth will
 be limited, unless it can:

 • 

 identify suitable markets and sites for store locations;

 • 

 negotiate acceptable lease terms;

 9

Table of Contents

 • 

 hire, train and retain competent store personnel;

 • 

 gain acceptance from foreign customers;

 • 

 foster current relationships and develop new relationships with
 vendors that are capable of supplying a greater volume of
 merchandise;

 • 

 manage inventory effectively to meet the needs of new and
 existing stores on a timely basis;

 • 

 expand infrastructure to accommodate growth;

 • 

 generate sufficient operating cash flows or secure adequate
 capital on commercially reasonable terms to fund its expansion
 plan;

 • 

 manage foreign currency exchange risks effectively; and

 • 

 achieve acceptable operating margins from new stores.

 In addition, the Company’s international expansion plan
 will place increased demands on its operational, managerial and
 administrative resources. These increased demands may cause the
 Company to operate its business less efficiently, which in turn
 could cause deterioration in the performance of its existing
 stores. Furthermore, the Company’s ability to conduct
 business in international markets may be affected by legal,
 regulatory, political and economic risks. The Company’s
 international expansion strategy and success could also be
 adversely impacted by the global economy.

 The
 Company’s Growth Strategy Relies on the Addition of New
 Stores, Which May Strain the Company’s Resources and
 Adversely Impact Current Store Performance.

 The Company’s growth strategy largely depends on the
 opening of new stores, particularly internationally; and
 remodeling existing stores in a timely manner and operating them
 profitably. Additional factors required for successful
 implementation of the Company’s growth strategy include,
 but are not limited to: obtaining desirable prime store
 locations; negotiating acceptable leases; completing projects on
 budget; supplying proper levels of merchandise; and successfully
 hiring and training store managers and sales associates.
 Additionally, the Company’s growth strategy may place
 increased demands on the Company’s operational, managerial
 and administrative resources, which could cause the Company to
 operate less efficiently. Furthermore, there is a possibility
 new stores opening in existing markets may have an adverse
 effect on previously existing stores in such markets. Failure to
 properly implement the Company’s growth strategy could have
 a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial
 condition or results of operations.

 The
 Company May Incur Costs Related to Store
 Closures.

 The Company may incur costs associated with store closures
 resulting from, among other things, lease termination agreements
 associated with closing stores prior to the store’s lease
 expiration date. These costs could be significant and could have
 a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial
 condition or results of operations.

 The
 Interruption of the Flow of Merchandise from Key Vendors and
 International Manufacturers Could Disrupt the Company’s
 Supply Chain.

 The Company purchases the majority of its merchandise outside of
 the U.S. through arrangements with approximately 209
 vendors which include 305 foreign manufacturers located
 throughout the world, primarily

 10

Table of Contents

 in Asia and Central and South America. In addition, many of the
 Company’s domestic manufacturers maintain production
 facilities overseas. Political, social or economic instability
 in Asia, Central or South America, or in other regions in which
 the Company’s manufacturers are located, could cause
 disruptions in trade, including exports to the U.S. Other
 events that could also cause disruptions to exports to the
 U.S. include:

 • 

 the imposition of additional trade law provisions or regulations;

 • 

 the imposition of additional duties, tariffs and other charges
 on imports and exports;

 • 

 quotas imposed by bilateral textile agreements;

 • 

 foreign currency fluctuations;

 • 

 restrictions on the transfer of funds;

 • 

 the potential of manufacturer financial instability, inability
 to access needed liquidity or bankruptcy; and

 • 

 significant labor disputes, such as dock strikes.

 In addition, the Company cannot predict whether the countries in
 which its merchandise is manufactured, or may be manufactured in
 the future, will be subject to new or additional trade
 restrictions imposed by the U.S. or other foreign
 governments, including the likelihood, type or effect of any
 such restrictions. Trade restrictions, including new or
 increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes, safeguards and customs
 restrictions against apparel items, as well as U.S. or
 foreign labor strikes and work stoppages or boycotts, could
 increase the cost or reduce the supply of apparel available to
 the Company and adversely affect its business, financial
 condition or results of operations.

 The
 Company Does not Own or Operate any Manufacturing Facilities and
 Therefore Depends Upon Independent Third Parties for the
 Manufacture of all its Merchandise. 

 The Company does not own or operate any manufacturing
 facilities. As a result, the continued success of the
 Company’s operations is tied to its timely receipt of
 quality merchandise from third-party manufacturers. A
 manufacturer’s inability to ship orders in a timely manner
 or meet the Company’s quality standards could cause delays
 in responding to consumer demands and negatively affect consumer
 confidence in the quality and value of the Company’s brands
 or negatively impact the Company’s competitive position,
 all of which could have a material adverse effect on the
 Company’s financial condition or results of operations.
 Furthermore, the Company is susceptible to increases in sourcing
 costs from manufacturers which the Company may not be able to
 pass on to the customer and could adversely affect the
 Company’s financial condition or results of operations.

 Additionally, while the Company utilizes third-party compliance
 auditors to visit and monitor the operations of the
 Company’s manufacturers, the Company does not have control
 of the independent manufacturers or their labor practices. A
 violation of labor laws or other laws, including consumer and
 product safety laws, by the Company or its manufacturers, could
 adversely affect the Company’s reputation and sales.

 11

Table of Contents

 The
 Company’s Reliance on Two Distribution Centers Domestically
 Located in the Same Vicinity, and One Distribution Center
 Internationally, Makes it Susceptible to Disruptions or Adverse
 Conditions Affecting its Distribution Centers.

 The Company’s two domestic DCs, located in New Albany,
 Ohio, manage the receipt, storage, sorting, packing and
 distribution of merchandise to its stores and
 direct-to-consumer
 customers, both regionally and internationally. The Company also
 uses a third-party DC in the Netherlands for the distribution of
 merchandise delivered to its stores located outside of North
 America. As a result, the Company’s operations are
 susceptible to local and regional factors, such as system
 failures, accidents, economic and weather conditions, natural
 disasters, and demographic and population changes, as well as
 other unforeseen events and circumstances. If the Company’s
 distribution operations were disrupted, its ability to replace
 inventory in its stores and process

direct-to-consumer
 orders could be interrupted and sales could be negatively
 impacted.

 The
 Company’s Reliance on Third Parties to Deliver Merchandise
 from its Distribution Centers to its Stores and
 Direct-to-Consumer
 Customers Could Result in Disruptions to its Business.

 The efficient operations of the Company’s stores and
 direct-to-consumer
 operations depend on the timely receipt of merchandise from the
 Company’s DCs. The Company delivers its merchandise to its
 stores and

direct-to-consumer
 customers using independent third parties. The Company uses
 primarily one contract carrier for domestic store deliveries and
 all

direct-to-consumer
 deliveries and a separate contract carrier for international
 store deliveries. The independent third parties employ personnel
 that may be represented by labor unions. Disruptions in the
 delivery of merchandise or work stoppages by employees or
 contractors of any of these third parties could delay the timely
 receipt of merchandise. There can be no assurance that such
 stoppages or disruptions will not occur in the future. Any
 failure by a third party to respond adequately to the
 Company’s distribution needs would disrupt the
 Company’s operations and could have a material adverse
 effect on its financial condition or results of operations.
 Furthermore, the Company is susceptible to increases in fuel
 costs which may increase the cost of distribution which the
 Company may not be able to pass onto the customer and could
 adversely affect the Company’s financial condition or
 results of operations.

 The
 Company’s Development of New Brand Concepts Could Have a
 Material Adverse Effect on the Company’s Financial
 Condition or Results of Operations.

 Historically, the Company has internally developed and launched
 new brands that have contributed to sales growth. The
 Company’s most recent brand is Gilly Hicks which offers
 bras, underwear, personal care products, sleepwear and at-home
 products for women. Brand concepts such as Gilly Hicks require
 management’s focus and attention, as well as significant
 capital investments. Furthermore, a new brand concept is
 susceptible to risks that include lack of customer acceptance,
 competition from existing or new retailers, product
 differentiation, production and distribution inefficiencies and
 unanticipated operating issues. There is no assurance that a new
 brand concept, including Gilly Hicks, will achieve successful
 results. The failure of Gilly Hicks or another new brand concept
 to be successfully launched could have a material adverse effect
 on the Company’s financial condition or results of
 operations. In addition, the ongoing development of new concepts
 may place a strain on available resources.

 Fluctuations
 in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Could Adversely Impact
 Financial Results.

 The Company’s international subsidiaries generally use
 local currencies as the functional currency, which includes
 Euros, Canadian Dollars, Japanese Yen, Hong Kong Dollars and
 British Pounds. The Company’s Consolidated Financial
 Statements are presented in U.S. dollars (“USD”).
 Therefore, the

 12

Table of Contents

 Company must translate revenues, expenses, assets and
 liabilities from functional currencies into U.S. dollars at
 exchange rates in effect during, or at the end of, the reporting
 period. The fluctuation in the value of the U.S. dollar
 against other currencies could impact the Company’s
 financial results.

 Furthermore, the Company purchases substantially all of its
 inventory in USD. Therefore, the Company’s gross margin
 rate from international operations is subject to volatility from
 movements in exchange rates over time, which could have an
 adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition or
 results of operations.

 The
 Company’s Net Sales and Inventory Levels Fluctuate on
 a Seasonal Basis, Causing its Results of Operations to be
 Particularly Susceptible to Changes in
 Back-to-School
 and Holiday Shopping Patterns.

 Historically, the Company’s operations have been seasonal,
 with a significant amount of net sales and net income occurring
 in the fourth fiscal quarter, due to the increased sales during
 the Holiday selling season and, to a lesser extent, the third
 fiscal quarter, reflecting increased sales during the
 Back-to-School
 selling season. The Company’s net sales and net income
 during the first and second fiscal quarters are typically lower,
 due, in part, to the traditional slowdown in retail sales
 immediately following the Holiday season. As a result of this
 seasonality, net sales and net income during any fiscal quarter
 cannot be used as an accurate indicator of the Company’s
 annual results. Any factors negatively affecting the Company
 during the third and fourth fiscal quarters of any year,
 including adverse weather or unfavorable economic conditions,
 could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition
 or results of operations for the entire year.

 Furthermore, in order to prepare for the
 Back-to-School
 and Holiday selling seasons, the Company must order and keep
 significantly more merchandise in stock than it would carry
 during other parts of the year. Therefore, the inability to
 accurately plan for product demand and allocate merchandise
 effectively could have a material adverse effect on the
 Company’s financial condition or results of operations.
 High inventory levels due to unanticipated decreases in demand
 for the Company’s products during peak selling seasons,
 misidentification of fashion trends, or excess inventory
 purchases could require the Company to sell merchandise at a
 substantial markdown, which could reduce its net sales and gross
 margins and negatively impact its profitability. Low levels of
 inventory due to conservative planning could also affect product
 offering in the stores and affect net sales and negatively
 impact profitability.

 The
 Company’s Ability to Attract Customers to its Stores
 Depends Heavily on the Success of the Shopping Centers in Which
 They are Located.

 In order to generate customer traffic, the Company locates many
 of its stores in prominent locations within successful shopping
 centers. The Company cannot control the development of new
 shopping centers; the availability or cost of appropriate
 locations within existing or new shopping centers; competition
 with other retailers for prominent locations; or the success of
 individual shopping centers. All of these factors may impact the
 Company’s ability to meet its growth targets and could have
 a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results
 of operations.

 Comparable
 Store Sales will Continue to Fluctuate on a Regular
 Basis.

 The Company’s comparable store sales, defined as
 year-over-year
 sales for a store that has been open as the same brand at least
 one year and the square footage of which has not been expanded
 or reduced by more than 20%, have fluctuated significantly in
 the past on an annual, quarterly and monthly basis and are
 expected

 13

Table of Contents

 to continue to fluctuate in the future. During the past three
 fiscal years, comparable sales results have fluctuated as
 follows: (a) from (23)% to (1)% for annual results;
 (b) from (30)% to 1% for quarterly results; and
 (c) from (34%) to 8% for monthly results. The
 Company’s comparable store sales were adversely affected
 by, among other factors, the economy and competitors’
 promotional activities throughout Fiscal 2008 and Fiscal 2009.
 The Company believes that a variety of factors affect comparable
 store sales results including, but not limited to, fashion
 trends, actions by competitors, economic conditions, weather
 conditions, opening
 and/or
 closing of Company stores near each other, and the calendar
 shifts of tax free and holiday periods.

 Comparable store sales fluctuations may impact the
 Company’s ability to leverage fixed direct expenses,
 including store rent and store asset depreciation, which may
 adversely affect the Company’s financial condition or
 results of operations.

 In addition, comparable store sales fluctuations may have been
 an important factor in the volatility of the price of the
 Company’s Class A Common Stock in the past, and it is
 likely that future comparable store sales fluctuations will
 contribute to stock price volatility in the future.

 The
 Company’s Net Sales are Affected by
 Direct-to-Consumer
 Sales.

 The Company sells merchandise over the Internet through its
 websites: www.abercrombie.com; www.abercrombiekids.com;
 www.hollisterco.com; and www.gillyhicks.com. The Company’s
 Internet operations may be affected by reliance on third-party
 hardware and software providers, technology changes, risks
 related to the failure of computer systems that operate the
 Internet business, telecommunications failures, electronic
 break-ins, security breaches and similar disruptions.
 Furthermore, the Company’s ability to conduct business on
 the Internet may be affected by liability for on-line content
 and state, federal and international privacy laws. The
 Company’s failure to successfully respond to these risks
 might adversely affect sales in the Company’s Internet
 business, as well as damage the Company’s reputation and
 brands.

 The
 Company May be Exposed to Risks and Costs Associated with Credit
 Card Fraud and Identity Theft.

 The Company collects certain customer data during the course of
 business, such as credit card information. The Company and other
 parties involved in processing customer transactions must be
 able to transmit confidential information, including credit card
 information, securely over public networks. Although the Company
 has security measures related to its systems and the privacy of
 its customers, the Company cannot guarantee these measures will
 effectively prevent a security breach of customer transaction
 data. A security breach could cause customers to lose confidence
 in the security of the Company’s systems and could expose
 the Company to risks of data loss, litigation and liability and
 could seriously disrupt operations and harm the Company’s
 reputation, any of which could adversely affect the
 Company’s financial condition or results of operations.

 In addition, states and federal government are enacting laws and
 regulations to protect consumers against identity theft. These
 laws will likely increase the costs of doing business and if the
 Company fails to implement appropriate security measures, the
 Company could be subject to potential claims for damages and
 other remedies, which could adversely affect the Company’s
 business or results from operations.

 14

Table of Contents

 The
 Company’s Litigation Exposure Could Exceed Expectations,
 Having a Material Adverse Effect on the Company’s Financial
 Condition or Results of Operations.

 The Company is involved, from
 time-to-time,
 in litigation incidental to its business, such as litigation
 regarding overtime compensation and other employment related
 matters. Additionally, the Company is involved in several
 purported class action lawsuits and several shareholder
 derivative actions alleged to have arisen out of trading in the
 Company’s Class A Common Stock in the summer of Fiscal
 2005 (collectively, the “Securities Matters,” see
 “ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS” of this Annual Report
 on

Form 10-K).
 Management is unable to assess the potential exposure of the
 aforesaid matters. The Company’s current exposure could
 change in the event of the discovery of damaging facts with
 respect to legal matters pending against the Company or
 determinations by judges, juries or other finders of fact that
 are not in accordance with management’s evaluation of the
 claims. Should management’s evaluation prove incorrect, the
 Company’s exposure could greatly exceed expectations and
 have a material adverse effect on the financial condition,
 results of operations, or cash flows of the Company.

 The
 Company’s Failure to Adequately Protect Its Trademarks
 Could Have a Negative Impact on Its Brand Image and Limit Its
 Ability to Penetrate New Markets.

 The Company believes its trademarks, Abercrombie &
 Fitch®,

 abercrombie
®,

 Hollister
 Co.
®,

 Gilly
 Hicks
®,

 Gilly Hicks
 Sydney
®

 and the “Moose,” “Seagull” and
 “Koala” logos, are an essential element of the
 Company’s strategy. The Company has obtained or applied for
 federal registration of these trademarks with the
 U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the registries of
 countries where stores are located or likely to be located in
 the future. In addition, the Company owns registrations and
 pending applications for other trademarks in the U.S. and
 has applied for or obtained registrations from the registries in
 many foreign countries in which its manufacturers are located.
 There can be no assurance that the Company will obtain
 registrations that have been applied for or that the
 registrations the Company obtains will prevent the imitation of
 its products or infringement of its intellectual property rights
 by others. If any third party copies the Company’s products
 in a manner that projects lesser quality or carries a negative
 connotation, the Company’s brand image could be materially
 adversely affected.

 Because the Company has not yet registered all of its trademarks
 in all categories, or in all foreign countries in which it
 sources or offers its merchandise now, or may in the future, its
 international expansion and its merchandising of products using
 these marks could be limited. For example, the Company cannot
 ensure that others will not try to block the manufacture, export
 or sale of its products as a violation of their trademarks or
 other proprietary rights. The pending applications for
 international registration of various trademarks could be
 challenged or rejected in those countries because third parties
 of whom the Company is not currently aware have already
 registered similar marks in those countries. Accordingly, it may
 be possible, in those foreign countries where the status of
 various applications is pending or unclear, for a third-party
 owner of the national trademark registration for a similar mark
 to prohibit the manufacture, sale or exportation of branded
 goods in or from that country. If the Company is unable to reach
 an arrangement with any such party, the Company’s
 manufacturers may be unable to manufacture its products, and the
 Company may be unable to sell in those countries. The
 Company’s inability to register its trademarks or purchase
 or license the right to use its trademarks or logos in these
 jurisdictions could limit its ability to obtain supplies from,
 or manufacture in, less costly markets or penetrate new markets
 should the Company’s business plan include selling its
 merchandise in those
 non-U.S. jurisdictions.

 The Company has an anti-counterfeiting program, under the
 auspices of the Abercrombie & Fitch Brand Protection
 Team, whose goal is to eliminate the supply of illegal pieces of
 the Company’s products. The Brand

 15

Table of Contents

 Protection Team interacts with investigators, customs officials
 and law enforcement entities throughout the world to combat the
 illegal use of the Company’s trademarks. Although brand
 security initiatives are being taken, the Company cannot
 guarantee that its efforts against the counterfeiting of its
 brands will be successful.

 The
 Company’s Unsecured Credit Agreement Includes Financial and
 Other Covenants that Impose Restrictions on its Financial and
 Business Operations.

 The Company’s unsecured credit agreement expires on
 April 12, 2013 and market conditions could potentially
 impact the size and terms of a replacement facility.

 In addition, the unsecured credit agreement contains financial
 covenants that require the Company to maintain a minimum
 coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio. If the Company
 fails to comply with the covenants and is unable to obtain a
 waiver or amendment, an event of default would result, and the
 lenders could declare outstanding borrowings immediately due and
 payable. If that should occur, the Company cannot guarantee that
 it would have sufficient liquidity at that time to repay or
 refinance borrowings under the unsecured credit agreement.

 The inability to obtain credit on commercially reasonable terms,
 or a default under the current unsecured credit agreement, could
 adversely impact liquidity and results of operations.

 Changes
 in Taxation Requirements Could Adversely Impact Financial
 Results.

 The Company is subject to income tax in numerous jurisdictions,
 including international and domestic locations. In addition, the
 Company’s products are subject to import and excise duties,
 and/or
 sales, consumption, or value-added taxes in many jurisdictions.
 Fluctuations in tax rates and duties could have a material
 adverse effect on the financial condition, results of
 operations, or cash flows of the Company.

 The
 Company’s Inability to Obtain Commercial Insurance at
 Acceptable Prices or Failure to Adequately Reserve for
 Self-Insured Exposures Might Increase Expenses and Adversely
 Impact Financial Results.

 The Company believes that commercial insurance coverage is
 prudent for risk management in certain areas of the business.
 Insurance costs may increase substantially in the future and may
 be affected by natural catastrophes, fear of terrorism,
 financial irregularities and other fraud at publicly-held
 companies, intervention by the government and a decrease in the
 number of insurance carriers. In addition, for certain types or
 levels of risk, such as risks associated with earthquakes,
 hurricanes or terrorist attacks, the Company may determine that
 we cannot obtain commercial insurance at acceptable prices, if
 at all. Therefore, the Company may choose to forego or limit the
 purchase of relevant commercial insurance, choosing instead to
 self-insure one or more types of risk. The Company is primarily
 self-insured for workers’ compensation and employee health
 benefits. If the Company suffers a substantial loss that is not
 covered by commercial insurance or self-insurance reserves, the
 loss and attendant expenses could harm its business and
 operating results. In addition, exposures exist for which no
 insurance may be available and for which the Company has not
 reserved.

 Modifications
 and/or Upgrades to Information Technology Systems may Disrupt
 Operations. 

 The Company regularly evaluates its information technology
 systems and requirements and is currently implementing
 modifications
 and/or
 upgrades to the information technology systems that support the
 business. Modifications include replacing legacy systems with
 successor systems, making changes to legacy systems, or
 acquiring new systems with new functionality. The Company is
 aware of inherent risks associated with

 16

Table of Contents

 replacing and modifying these systems, including inaccurate
 system information and system disruptions. The Company believes
 it is taking appropriate action to mitigate the risks through
 testing, training, and staging implementation, as well as
 securing appropriate commercial contracts with third-party
 vendors supplying such replacement technologies. Information
 technology system disruptions and inaccurate system information,
 if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a
 material adverse effect on the Company’s financial
 condition or results of operations. Additionally, there is no
 assurance that a successfully implemented system will deliver
 value to the Company.

 The
 Company Could Suffer if the Company’s Computer Systems are
 Disrupted or Cease to Operate Effectively.

 The Company relies heavily on its computer systems to record and
 process transactions and manage and operate the Company’s
 operations. Given the significant number of transactions that
 are completed annually, it is vital to maintain constant
 operation of the computer hardware and software systems. Despite
 efforts to prevent such an occurrence, the Company’s
 systems are vulnerable from
 time-to-time
 to damage or interruption from computer viruses, power outages,
 third party intrusions and other technical malfunctions. If the
 Company’s systems are damaged or fail to function properly,
 the Company may have to make monetary investments to repair or
 replace the systems and the Company could endure delays in its
 operations. Any material interruption could have a material
 adverse effect on the Company’s business or results of
 operations.

 Changes
 in the Regulatory or Compliance Landscape Could Adversely Affect
 the Company’s Business or Results of
 Operations.

 Laws and regulations at the state, federal and international
 levels frequently change and the ultimate cost of compliance
 cannot be precisely estimated. Changes in regulations, the
 imposition of additional regulations, or the enactment of any
 new legislation including those related to health care, taxes,
 environmental issues, trade, product safety and employment
 labor, could adversely affect the Company’s business or
 results of operations.

 The
 Company’s Operations may be Effected by Greenhouse
 Emissions and Climate Change.

 The Company’s operations may be effected by regulatory
 changes related to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions.
 The Company is uncertain how the United States and international
 economies will be affected by potential legislation and public
 reactions. As a result, the affect this could have on the
 Company’s operations is currently unknown.