.

 Forward-Looking
 Statements And Risk Factors.

 The Company cautions that any forward-looking statements (as
 such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform
 Act of 1995) contained in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 or made by the Company, its management or spokespeople involve
 risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on
 various factors, many of which may be beyond the Company’s
 control. Words such as “estimate,”
 “project,” “plan,” “believe,”
 “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend”
 and similar expressions may identify

forward-looking
 statements. Except as may be required by applicable law, the
 Company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise its
 forward-looking statements.

 The following factors could affect the Company’s financial
 performance and could cause actual results to differ materially
 from those expressed or implied in any of the forward-looking
 statements:

 • 

 effects of the current financial crisis and general economic
 conditions which impact consumer confidence and purchases and
 the level of consumer discretionary spending;

 • 

 effects of changes in the U.S. credit and lending market
 conditions;

 • 

 loss of services of skilled senior executive officers;

 7

Table of Contents

 • 

 ability to hire, train and retain qualified associates;

 • 

 changes in consumer spending patterns and consumer preferences;

 • 

 ability to develop innovative, high-quality new merchandise in
 response to changing fashion trends;

 • 

 the impact of competition and pricing pressures;

 • 

 availability and market prices of key raw materials;

 • 

 interruption of the flow of merchandise from key vendors and
 manufacturers and the flow of merchandise to and from
 distributors;

 • 

 ability of manufacturers to comply with applicable laws,
 regulations and ethical business practices;

 • 

 availability of suitable store locations under appropriate terms;

 • 

 currency and exchange risks and changes in existing or potential
 duties, tariffs or quotas;

 • 

 effects of political and economic events and conditions
 domestically and in foreign jurisdictions in which the Company
 operates, including, but not limited to, acts of terrorism or
 war;

 • 

 unseasonable weather conditions affecting consumer preferences;

 • 

 disruptive weather conditions affecting consumers’ ability
 to shop; and

 • 

 effect of litigation exposure potentially exceeding expectations.

 The following sets forth a description of certain risk factors
 that the Company believes may be relevant to an understanding of
 the Company and its business. These risk factors, in addition to
 the factors set forth above, could cause actual results to
 differ materially from those expressed or implied in any of the
 Company’s forward-looking statements.

 The Current Financial Crisis and General Economic Conditions
 Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company’s
 Business, Results of Operations and Liquidity.

 Consumer purchases of discretionary items, including the
 Company’s merchandise, generally decline during
 recessionary periods and other periods where disposable income
 is adversely affected. The Company’s performance is subject
 to factors that affect worldwide economic conditions including
 employment, consumer debt, reductions in net worth based on
 recent severe market declines, residential real estate and
 mortgage markets, taxation, fuel and energy prices, interest
 rates, consumer confidence, value of the U.S. dollar versus
 foreign currencies and other macroeconomic factors. Recently,
 these factors have caused consumer spending to deteriorate
 significantly and may cause levels of spending to remain
 depressed for the foreseeable future. These factors may cause
 consumers to purchase products from lower priced competitors or
 to defer purchases of apparel and personal care products
 altogether.

 The economic downturn could have a material effect on the
 Company’s results of operations and its liquidity and
 capital resources. It could also impact the Company’s
 ability to fund its growth and/or result in the Company becoming
 reliant on external financing, the availability of which may be
 uncertain.

 In addition, the current economic environment may exacerbate
 some of the risk noted below, including consumer demand, strain
 on available resources, international growth strategy, store
 growth, interruption of the flow of merchandise from key vendors
 and foreign exchange rate fluctuations. The risks could be
 exacerbated individually or collectively.

 8

Table of Contents

 The
 Loss of the Services of Skilled Senior Executive Officers Could
 Have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company’s
 Business.

 The Company’s senior executive officers closely supervise
 all aspects of its business — in particular, the
 design of its merchandise and the operation of its stores. The
 Company’s senior executive officers have substantial
 experience and expertise in the retail business and have made
 significant contributions to the growth and success of the
 Company’s brands. If the Company were to lose the benefit
 of their involvement, in particular the services of any one or
 more of Michael S. Jeffries, Chairman and Chief Executive
 Officer, Diane Chang, Executive Vice President —
 Sourcing, Leslee K. Herro, Executive Vice President —
 Planning and Allocation, Jonathan E. Ramsden, Executive Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer, David S. Cupps, Senior
 Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary and Charles
 “Chad” Kessler, Executive Vice President —
 Female Merchandising, its business could be adversely affected.
 Competition for such senior executive officers is intense, and
 the Company cannot be sure it will be able to attract and retain
 a sufficient number of qualified senior executive officers in
 future periods.

 Equity-Based
 Compensation Awarded Under the Employment Agreement with the
 Company’s Chief Executive Officer Could Adversely Impact
 the Company’s Cash Flows, Financial Position or Results of
 Operations and Could Have a Dilutive Effect on the
 Company’s Outstanding Common Stock.

 Under the Employment Agreement, entered into as of
 December 19, 2008, between the Company and Michael S.
 Jeffries, the Company’s Chairman and Chief Executive
 Officer (the “Jeffries Employment Agreement”),
 Mr. Jeffries is entitled to receive a grant (the
 “Retention Grant”) of stock options or stock
 appreciation rights (in the Company’s discretion) covering
 an aggregate of 4,000,000 shares of Common Stock. In
 addition to the Retention Grant, Mr. Jeffries is also
 eligible to receive two
 equity-based
 grants in respect of each fiscal year of the term of the
 Jeffries Employment Agreement starting with Fiscal 2009 (the
 “Semi-Annual Grants”). If a

Semi-Annual
 Grant is earned, it will be awarded within 75 days
 following the end of the Company’s second quarter or fiscal
 year, as applicable, subject to Mr. Jeffries’ continuous
 employment with the Company (and, with respect to the final

Semi-Annual
 Grant, continued service on the Company’s Board of
 Directors) through the applicable grant date. The value of the
 Semi-Annual Grants are uncertain and dependent on future market
 price of the Company’s Common Stock and the financial
 performance of the Company.

 In connection with the Retention Grant and the
 Semi-Annual
 Grants contemplated by the Jeffries Employment Agreement, the
 related compensation expense could significantly impact the
 Company’s results of operations. Further, the significant
 number of shares of Common Stock which could be issued upon
 exercise and/or vesting of the Retention Grant and the

Semi-Annual
 Grants is uncertain and dependent on the future market price of
 the Company’s Common Stock and the financial performance of
 the Company and would, if issued, have a dilutive effect with
 respect to the Company’s outstanding shares of Common
 Stock, which may adversely affect the market price of the
 Company’s Common Stock. Depending on the number of shares
 of Common Stock which could be issued under the Retention Grant
 and Semi-Annual Grants, the Company may deem it necessary or
 appropriate to seek shareholder approval of additional long-term
 incentive compensation plans in order to be able to settle the
 awards in Common Stock.

 In the event that there are not sufficient shares of Common
 Stock available to be issued under the Company’s 2007
 Long-Term
 Incentive Compensation Plan (the “2007 LTIP”) or under
 a successor or replacement plan at the time these

equity-based
 awards are ultimately settled, the Company will be required to
 settle some portion of the awards in cash, which could have an
 adverse impact on the Company’s cash flow from operations,
 financial position and results of operations. In addition, under
 applicable accounting rules, if

 9

Table of Contents

 the Company’s stock price increases to a point where, as of
 any measurement date, the Company would be unable to settle
 outstanding equity-based awards in shares of Common Stock from
 such plans, in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting
 Standards No. 123(R), “Share-Based Payment”, the
 Company will be required to classify and account for all or a
 portion of the equity-based awards as liabilities. This could
 further adversely impact the Company’s results of
 operations.

 The
 Failure to Anticipate, Identify and Respond to Changing Consumer
 Preferences and Fashion Trends in a Timely Manner Could Cause
 the Company’s Profitability to Decline.

 The Company’s success largely depends on its ability to
 anticipate and gauge the fashion preferences of its customers
 and provide merchandise that satisfies constantly shifting
 demands in a timely manner. The merchandise must appeal to each
 brand’s corresponding target market of consumers whose
 preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject
 to rapid change. Because the Company enters into agreements for
 the manufacture and purchase of merchandise well in advance of
 the applicable selling season, it is vulnerable to changes in
 consumer preference and demand, pricing shifts and the
 sub-optimal selection and timing of merchandise purchases. There
 can be no assurance that the Company will be able to continue to
 successfully anticipate consumer demands in the future. To the
 extent that the Company fails to anticipate, identify and
 respond effectively to changing consumer preferences and fashion
 trends, its sales will be adversely affected. Inventory levels
 for certain merchandise styles no longer considered to be
 “on trend” may increase, leading to higher markdowns
 to reduce excess inventory or increases in inventory valuation
 reserves. The current economic and retail environment, in which
 many of the Company’s competitors are engaging in
 aggressive promotional activities, exacerbates the importance of
 changing consumer preferences and fashion trends. Each of these
 could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
 financial condition or results of operations.

 The
 Company’s Market Share may be Adversely Impacted at any
 Time by a Significant Number of Competitors.

 The sale of apparel and personal care products through
 brick-and-mortar
 stores and direct-to-consumer channels is a highly competitive
 business with numerous participants, including individual and
 chain fashion specialty stores, as well as regional and national
 department stores. The Company faces a variety of competitive
 challenges, including:

 • 

 maintaining favorable brand recognition and effectively
 marketing its products to consumers in several diverse
 demographic markets;

 • 

 sourcing merchandise efficiently; and

 • 

 countering the aggressive promotional activities of many of the
 Company’s competitors without diminishing the aspirational
 nature of the Company’s brands and brand equity.

 There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to
 compete successfully in the future.

 The
 Interruption of the Flow of Merchandise from Key Vendors and
 International Manufacturers Could Disrupt the Company’s
 Supply Chain.

 The Company purchases the majority of its merchandise outside of
 the U.S. through arrangements with approximately 210
 vendors which include 314 foreign manufacturers located
 throughout the world, primarily in Asia and Central and South
 America. In addition, many of the Company’s domestic
 manufacturers maintain production facilities overseas.
 Political, social or economic instability in Asia, Central or
 South America, or in other regions in which the Company’s
 manufacturers are located, could cause disruptions in

 10

Table of Contents

 trade, including exports to the U.S. Other events that
 could also cause disruptions to exports to the U.S. include:

 • 

 the imposition of additional trade law provisions or regulations;

 • 

 the imposition of additional duties, tariffs and other charges
 on imports and exports;

 • 

 quotas imposed by bilateral textile agreements;

 • 

 foreign currency fluctuations;

 • 

 restrictions on the transfer of funds;

 • 

 the potential of manufacturer financial instability or
 bankruptcy; and

 • 

 significant labor disputes, such as dock strikes.

 In addition, the Company cannot predict whether the countries in
 which its merchandise is manufactured, or may be manufactured in
 the future, will be subject to new or additional trade
 restrictions imposed by the U.S. or other foreign
 governments, including the likelihood, type or effect of any
 such restrictions. Trade restrictions, including new or
 increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes, safeguards and customs
 restrictions against apparel items, as well as U.S. or
 foreign labor strikes and work stoppages or boycotts, could
 increase the cost or reduce the supply of apparel available to
 the Company and adversely affect its business, financial
 condition or results of operations.

 The
 Company Does not Own or Operate any Manufacturing Facilities and
 Therefore Depends Upon Independent Third Parties for the
 Manufacture of all its Merchandise. 

 The Company does not own or operate any manufacturing
 facilities. As a result, the continued success of the
 Company’s operations is tied to its timely receipt of
 quality merchandise from third-party manufacturers. A
 manufacturer’s inability to ship orders in a timely manner
 or meet the Company’s quality standards could cause delays
 in responding to consumer demands and negatively affect consumer
 confidence in the quality and value of the Company’s brands
 or negatively impact the Company’s competitive position,
 all of which could have a material adverse effect on the
 Company’s financial condition or results of operations.
 Furthermore, the Company is susceptible to increases in sourcing
 costs from manufacturers which the Company may not be able to
 pass on to the customer and could adversely affect the
 Company’s financial condition or results of operations.

 The
 Company’s Reliance on Two Distribution Centers Located in
 the Same Vicinity Makes it Susceptible to Disruptions or Adverse
 Conditions Affecting its Distribution Centers.

 The Company’s two DCs, located in New Albany, Ohio, manage
 the receipt, storage, sorting, packing and distribution of
 merchandise to its stores and direct-to-consumer customers, both
 regionally and internationally. The Company also uses a
 third-party DC in the United Kingdom for the distribution of a
 portion of the merchandise delivered to the
 Abercrombie & Fitch flagship and Hollister stores
 located in the United Kingdom. As a result, the Company’s
 operations are susceptible to local and regional factors, such
 as system failures, accidents, economic and weather conditions,
 natural disasters, and demographic and population changes, as
 well as other unforeseen events and circumstances. If the
 Company’s distribution operations were disrupted, its
 ability to replace inventory in its stores and process
 direct-to-consumer orders could be interrupted and sales could
 be negatively impacted.

 11

Table of Contents

 The
 Company’s Reliance on Third Parties to Deliver Merchandise
 from its Distribution Centers to its Stores and
 Direct-to-Consumer Customers Could Result in Disruptions to its
 Business.

 The efficient operations of the Company’s stores and
 direct-to-consumer operations depend on the timely receipt of
 merchandise from the Company’s DCs. The Company delivers
 its merchandise to its stores and direct-to-consumer customers
 using independent third parties, primarily one contract carrier.
 The independent third parties employ personnel that may be
 represented by labor unions. Disruptions in the delivery of
 merchandise or work stoppages by employees or contractors of any
 of these third parties could delay the timely receipt of
 merchandise. There can be no assurance that such stoppages or
 disruptions will not occur in the future. Any failure by a third
 party to respond adequately to the Company’s distribution
 needs would disrupt its operations and could have a material
 adverse effect on its financial condition or results of
 operations.

 The
 Company’s Growth Strategy Relies on the Addition of New
 Stores, Which May Strain the Company’s Resources and
 Adversely Impact the Current Store Base
 Performance.

 The Company’s growth strategy largely depends on the
 opening of new stores, particularly internationally, remodeling
 existing stores in a timely manner and operating them
 profitably. Additional factors required for the successful
 implementation of the Company’s growth strategy include,
 but are not limited to, obtaining desirable prime store
 locations, negotiating acceptable leases, completing projects on
 budget, supplying proper levels of merchandise and successfully
 hiring and training store managers and sales associates.
 Additionally, the Company’s growth strategy may place
 increased demands on the Company’s operational, managerial
 and administrative resources, which could cause the Company to
 operate less efficiently. Furthermore, there is a possibility
 that new stores opened in existing markets may have an adverse
 effect on previously existing stores in such markets. Failure to
 properly implement the Company’s growth strategy could have
 a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial
 condition or results of operations.

 The
 Company’s Development of New Brand Concepts Could Have a
 Material Adverse Effect on the Company’s Financial
 Condition or Results of Operations.

 Historically, the Company has internally developed and launched
 new brands that have contributed to the Company’s sales
 growth. Each new brand concept requires management’s focus
 and attention, as well as significant capital investments.
 Furthermore, each new brand concept is susceptible to risks that
 include lack of customer acceptance, competition from existing
 or new retailers, product differentiation, production and
 distribution inefficiencies and unanticipated operating issues.
 There is no assurance that new brand concepts will achieve
 successful results. Any new brand concept that is not
 successfully launched could have a material adverse effect on
 the Company’s financial condition or results of operations.
 In addition, the ongoing development of new concepts, including
 Ruehl and Gilly Hicks, may place a strain on the Company’s
 available resources.

 The
 Company’s International Expansion Plan is Dependent on a
 Number of Factors, any of Which Could Delay or Prevent the
 Successful Penetration into New Markets and Strain its
 Resources.

 As the Company expands internationally, it may incur significant
 costs related to starting up and maintaining foreign operations.
 Costs may include, but are not limited to, obtaining prime
 locations for stores, setting up foreign offices and DCs, as
 well as hiring experienced management. The Company may be unable
 to open and operate new stores successfully, and its growth will
 be limited, unless it can:

 • 

 identify suitable markets and sites for store locations;

 12

Table of Contents

 • 

 negotiate acceptable lease terms;

 • 

 hire, train and retain competent store personnel;

 • 

 gain acceptance from its foreign customers;

 • 

 foster current relationships and develop new relationships with
 vendors that are capable of supplying a greater volume of
 merchandise;

 • 

 manage inventory effectively to meet the needs of new and
 existing stores on a timely basis;

 • 

 expand its infrastructure to accommodate growth;

 • 

 generate sufficient operating cash flows or secure adequate
 capital on commercially reasonable terms to fund its expansion
 plan;

 • 

 manage its foreign currency exchange risks effectively; and

 • 

 achieve acceptable operating margins from new stores.

 In addition, the Company’s international expansion plan
 will place increased demands on its operational, managerial and
 administrative resources. These increased demands may cause the
 Company to operate its business less efficiently, which in turn
 could cause deterioration in the performance of its existing
 stores. Furthermore, the Company’s ability to conduct
 business in international markets may be affected by legal,
 regulatory, political and economic risks. The Company’s
 international expansion strategy and success could be adversely
 impacted by the global economy.

 Fluctuations
 in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Could Adversely Impact
 Financial Results.

 The Company’s international operations use local currencies
 as the functional currency. Such foreign currency transactions
 are denominated in Euros, Canadian Dollars, Japanese Yen, Danish
 Krones, Swiss Francs, Hong Kong Dollars and British Pounds. The
 Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements are presented
 in U.S. dollars. Therefore, the Company must translate
 revenues, income, expenses, assets and liabilities from local
 currencies into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect
 during or at the end of the reporting period. The fluctuation in
 the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies will
 impact the Company’s financial results.

 In order to mitigate the risk of foreign currency exchange rate
 exposures, the Company utilizes foreign currency forward
 contracts. However, the Company cannot guarantee that
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates will not
 materially affect financial results.

 The
 Company’s Net Sales and Inventory Levels Fluctuate on
 a Seasonal Basis, Causing its Results of Operations to be
 Particularly Susceptible to Changes in Back-to-School and
 Holiday Shopping Patterns.

 Historically, the Company’s operations have been seasonal,
 with a significant amount of net sales and net income occurring
 in the fourth fiscal quarter, due to the increased sales during
 the Holiday selling season and, to a lesser extent, the third
 fiscal quarter, reflecting increased sales during the
 Back-to-School selling season. The Company’s net sales and
 net income during the first and second fiscal quarters are
 typically lower, due, in part, to the traditional retail
 slowdown immediately following the Holiday season. As a result
 of this seasonality, net sales and net income during any fiscal
 quarter cannot be used as an accurate indicator of the
 Company’s annual results. Any factors negatively affecting
 the Company during the third and fourth fiscal quarters of any
 year, including adverse weather or unfavorable economic
 conditions, such as those faced in Fiscal 2008, could have a
 material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of
 operations for the entire year.

 13

Table of Contents

 Furthermore, in order to prepare for the Back-to-School and
 Holiday selling seasons, the Company must order and keep
 significantly more merchandise in stock than it would carry
 during other parts of the year. Therefore, the inability to
 accurately plan for product demand and merchandise allocation
 could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
 financial condition or results of operations. High inventory
 levels due to unanticipated decreases in demand for the
 Company’s products during peak selling seasons,
 misidentification of fashion trends or excess inventory
 purchases could require the Company to sell merchandise at a
 substantial markdown, which could reduce its net sales and gross
 margins and negatively impact its profitability.

 The
 Company’s Ability to Attract Customers to its Stores
 Depends Heavily on the Success of the Shopping Centers in Which
 They are Located.

 In order to generate customer traffic, the Company locates many
 of its stores in prominent locations within successful shopping
 centers. The Company cannot control the development of new
 shopping centers; the availability or cost of appropriate
 locations within existing or new shopping centers; competition
 with other retailers for prominent locations; or the success of
 individual shopping centers. All of these factors may impact the
 Company’s ability to meet its growth targets and could have
 a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results
 of operations.

 Comparable
 Store Sales Have Been Negatively Affected by the Economy and
 Will Continue to Fluctuate on a Regular Basis.

 The Company’s comparable store sales, defined as
 year-over-year sales for a store that has been open as the same
 brand at least one year and the square footage of which has not
 been expanded or reduced by more than 20%, have fluctuated
 significantly in the past on an annual, quarterly and monthly
 basis and are expected to continue to fluctuate in the future.
 During the past three fiscal years, comparable sales results
 have fluctuated as follows: (a) from (13%) to 2% for annual
 results; (b) from (25%) to 6% for quarterly results; and
 (c) from (28%) to 17% for monthly results. The
 Company’s comparable store sales were particularly
 adversely affected by the economy and our competitors’
 promotional activities in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2008 and
 continue to be adversely affected to date in Fiscal 2009. The
 Company believes that a variety of factors affect comparable
 store sales results including, but not limited to, fashion
 trends, actions by competitors, economic conditions, weather
 conditions, opening
 and/or
 closing of Company stores near each other, and the calendar
 shifts of tax free and holiday periods.

 Comparable store fluctuations may impact the Company’s
 ability to leverage fixed direct expenses, including store rent
 and store asset depreciation, which may adversely affect the
 Company’s financial condition or results of operations.

 In addition, comparable store sales fluctuations may have been
 an important factor in the volatility of the price of the
 Company’s Class A Common Stock in the past, and it is
 likely that future comparable store sales fluctuations will
 contribute to stock price volatility in the future.

 The
 Company’s Net Sales are Affected by Direct-to-Consumer
 Sales.

 The Company sells merchandise over the Internet through its
 websites: www.Abercrombie.com; www.abercrombiekids.com;
 www.hollisterco.com; www.RUEHL.com; and www.gillyhicks.com. The
 Company’s Internet operations may be affected by reliance
 on third-party hardware and software providers, technology
 changes, risks related to the failure of computer systems that
 operate the Internet business, telecommunications failures,
 electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. Furthermore, the
 Company’s ability to conduct business on the Internet may
 be affected by liability for on-line content and state and
 federal privacy laws.

 14

Table of Contents

 The
 Company’s Litigation Exposure Could Exceed Expectations,
 Having a Material Adverse Effect on the Company’s Financial
 Condition or Results of Operations.

 The Company is involved, from time-to-time, in litigation
 incidental to its business, such as litigation regarding
 overtime compensation and other employment related matters.
 Additionally, the Company is involved in several purported class
 action lawsuits and several shareholder derivative actions
 alleged to have arisen out of trading in the Company’s
 Class A Common Stock in the summer of Fiscal 2005
 (collectively, the “Securities Matters,” see
 “ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS” of this Annual Report
 on
 Form 10-K”).
 Management is unable to assess the potential exposure of the
 aforesaid matters. The Company’s current exposure could
 change in the event of the discovery of damaging facts with
 respect to legal matters pending against the Company or
 determinations by judges, juries or other finders of fact that
 are not in accordance with management’s evaluation of the
 claims. Should management’s evaluation prove incorrect, the
 Company’s exposure could greatly exceed expectations and
 have a material adverse effect on the financial condition,
 results of operations or cash flows of the Company.

 The
 Company’s Failure to Adequately Protect Its Trademarks
 Could Have a Negative Impact on Its Brand Image and Limit Its
 Ability to Penetrate New Markets.

 The Company believes its trademarks, Abercrombie &
 Fitch®,

 abercrombie
®,

 Hollister
 Co.
®,

 Ruehl
 No. 925
®,

 Gilly Hicks and the “Moose,” “Seagull,”
 “Bulldog” and “Koala” logos, are an
 essential element of the Company’s strategy. The Company
 has obtained or applied for federal registration of these
 trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and
 the registries where stores are located or likely to be located
 in the future. In addition, the Company owns registrations and
 pending applications for other trademarks in the U.S. and
 has applied for or obtained registrations from the registries in
 many foreign countries in which its manufacturers are located.
 There can be no assurance that the Company will obtain
 registrations that have been applied for or that the
 registrations the Company obtains will prevent the imitation of
 its products or infringement of its intellectual property rights
 by others. If any third party copies the Company’s products
 in a manner that projects lesser quality or carries a negative
 connotation, the Company’s brand image could be materially
 adversely affected.

 Because the Company has not yet registered all of its trademarks
 in all categories, or in all foreign countries in which it
 sources or offers its merchandise now or may in the future, its
 international expansion and its merchandising of products using
 these marks could be limited. For example, the Company cannot
 ensure that others will not try to block the manufacture, export
 or sale of its products as a violation of their trademarks or
 other proprietary rights. The pending applications for
 international registration of various trademarks could be
 challenged or rejected in those countries because third parties
 of whom the Company is not currently aware have already
 registered similar marks in those countries. Accordingly, it may
 be possible, in those foreign countries where the status of
 various applications is pending or unclear, for a third-party
 owner of the national trademark registration for a similar mark
 to prohibit the manufacture, sale or exportation of branded
 goods in or from that country. If the Company is unable to reach
 an arrangement with any such party, the Company’s
 manufacturers may be unable to manufacture its products, and the
 Company may be unable to sell in those countries. The
 Company’s inability to register its trademarks or purchase
 or license the right to use its trademarks or logos in these
 jurisdictions could limit its ability to obtain supplies from,
 or manufacture in, less costly markets or penetrate new markets
 should the Company’s business plan include selling its
 merchandise in those
 non-U.S. jurisdictions.

 The Company has an anti-counterfeiting program, under the
 auspices of the Abercrombie & Fitch Brand Protection
 Team, whose goal is to eliminate the supply of illegal pieces of
 the Company’s products. The Brand

 15

Table of Contents

 Protection Team interacts with investigators, customs officials
 and law enforcement entities throughout the world to combat the
 illegal use of the Company’s trademarks. Although brand
 security initiatives are being taken, the Company cannot
 guarantee that its efforts against the counterfeiting of its
 brands will be successful.

 The
 Company’s Unsecured Credit Agreement Includes Financial and
 Other Covenants that Impose Restrictions on its Financial and
 Business Operations.

 The Company’s unsecured credit agreement expires on
 April 12, 2013 and market conditions could potentially
 impact the size and terms of a replacement facility.

 In addition, the unsecured credit agreement contains financial
 covenants that require the Company to maintain a minimum fixed
 charge coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio. If the
 Company fails to comply with the covenants and is unable to
 obtain a waiver or amendment, an event of default would result
 and the lenders could declare outstanding borrowings immediately
 due and payable. If that should occur, the Company cannot
 guarantee that it would have sufficient liquidity, at that time,
 to repay or refinance borrowings under the unsecured credit
 agreement.

 The inability to obtain credit on commercially reasonable terms
 or a default under the current unsecured credit agreement could
 adversely impact liquidity and results of operations.

 Changes
 in Taxation Requirements Could Adversely Impact Financial
 Results.

 The Company is subject to income tax in numerous jurisdictions,
 including international and domestic locations. In addition, the
 Company’s products are subject to import and excise duties
 and/or sales
 or value-added taxes in many jurisdictions. Fluctuations in tax
 rates and duties could have a material adverse effect on the
 financial condition, results of operations or cash flows of the
 Company.

 Modifications
 and/or Upgrades to Information Technology Systems may Disrupt
 Operations. 

 The Company regularly evaluates its information technology
 systems and requirements and is currently implementing
 modifications
 and/or
 upgrades to the information technology systems that support the
 business. Modifications include replacing legacy systems with
 successor systems, making changes to legacy systems or acquiring
 new systems with new functionality. The Company is aware of
 inherent risks associated with replacing and modifying these
 systems, including inaccurate system information and system
 disruptions. The Company believes it is taking appropriate
 action to mitigate the risks through testing, training and
 staging implementation, as well as securing appropriate
 commercial contracts with third-party vendors supplying such
 replacement technologies. Information technology system
 disruptions and inaccurate system information, if not
 anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material
 adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition or
 results of operations. Additionally, there is no assurance that
 a successfully implemented system will deliver value to the
 Company.

 Our
 Business Could Suffer if the Company’s Computer Systems are
 Disrupted or Cease to Operate Effectively.

 The Company relies heavily on its computer systems to record and
 process transactions and manage and operate the Company’s
 operations. Given the significant number of transactions that
 are completed annually, it is vital to maintain constant
 operation of the computer hardware and software systems. Despite
 efforts to prevent such an occurrence, the Company’s
 systems are vulnerable from time-to-time to damage or
 interruption from computer viruses, power outages and other
 technical malfunctions. If our systems are

 16

Table of Contents

 damaged or fail to function properly, the Company may have to
 make monetary investments to repair or replace the systems and
 the Company could endure delays in its operations. Any material
 interruption could have a material adverse effect on the
 Company’s business or results of operations.