.

Forward-Looking Statements And Risk Factors.

The Company cautions that any forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or made by
the Company, its management or spokespeople involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to
change based on various factors, many of which may be beyond the Company’s control. Words such as
“estimate,” “project,” “plan,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements. Except as may be required by applicable law, the Company
assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise its forward-looking statements.

The following factors could affect the Company’s financial performance and could cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any of the forward-looking
statements:

•

loss of services of skilled senior executive officers;

•

ability to hire, train and retain qualified associates;

•

changes in consumer spending patterns and consumer preferences;

•

ability to develop innovative, high-quality new merchandise in response to changing
fashion trends;

•

effects on consumer purchases due to a general economic
downturn;

•

the impact of competition and pricing pressures;

•

availability and market prices of key raw materials;

•

ability of manufacturers to comply with applicable laws, regulations and ethical
business practices;

•

availability of suitable store locations under appropriate terms;

•

currency and exchange risks and changes in existing or potential duties, tariffs or
quotas;

•

effects of political and economic events and conditions domestically and in foreign
jurisdictions in which the Company operates, including, but not limited to, acts of
terrorism or war;

•

unseasonable weather conditions affecting consumer preferences;

•

disruptive weather conditions affecting consumers’
ability to shop; and

•

effects of capital market conditions.

The following sets forth a description of certain risk factors that the Company believes may be
relevant to an understanding of the Company and its business. These risk factors, in addition to
the factors set forth above, could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed
or implied in any of the Company’s forward-looking statements.

8

Table of Contents

The Loss of the Services of Skilled Senior Executive Officers Could Have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company’s Business.

The Company’s senior executive officers closely supervise all aspects of its business – in
particular, the design of its merchandise and the operation of its stores. The Company’s senior
executive officers have substantial experience and expertise in the retail business and have made
significant contributions to the growth and success of the Company’s brands. If the Company were
to lose the benefit of their involvement, in particular the services of any one or more of Michael
S. Jeffries, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Diane Chang, Executive Vice President –
Sourcing, Leslee K. Herro, Executive Vice President – Planning and Allocation, Michael W. Kramer,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and David S. Cupps, Senior Vice President,
General Counsel and Secretary, its business could be adversely affected. Competition for such
senior executive officers is intense, and the Company cannot be sure it will be able to attract and
retain a sufficient number of qualified senior executive officers in future periods.

Failure to Anticipate, Identify and Respond to Changing Consumer Preferences and Fashion Trends
in a Timely Manner Could Cause the Company’s Profitability to Decline.

The Company’s success largely depends on its ability to anticipate and gauge the fashion
preferences of its customers, and provide merchandise that satisfies constantly shifting demands in
a timely manner. The merchandise must appeal to each brand’s corresponding target market of
consumers whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to rapid change.
Because the Company enters into agreements for the manufacture and purchase of merchandise well in
advance of the applicable selling season, it is vulnerable to changes in consumer preference and
demand, pricing shifts and the sub-optimal selection and timing of merchandise purchases. There
can be no assurance that the Company will be able to continue to successfully anticipate consumer
demands in the future. To the extent that the Company fails to anticipate, identify and respond
effectively to changing consumer preferences and fashion trends, its sales will be adversely
affected. Inventory levels for certain merchandise styles no longer considered to be “on trend” may
increase, leading to higher markdowns to reduce excess inventory or increases in inventory
valuation reserves. Each of these could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial
condition or results of operations.

A Downturn in the Economy Could Affect Consumer Spending and Adversely Affect the Company’s
Business.

Many factors affect the level of consumer spending in the apparel and personal care market,
including, among others, general economic conditions, interest rates, the availability of consumer
credit, wages and unemployment, taxation and consumer confidence in the economy. A downturn in the
economy may affect consumer spending and adversely impact the Company’s retail sales.

The Company’s Market Share may be Adversely Impacted at any Time by a Significant Number of
Competitors.

The sale of apparel and personal care products through brick-and-mortar stores and
direct-to-consumer channels is a highly competitive business with numerous participants, including
individual and chain fashion specialty stores, as well as regional and national department stores.
The Company faces a variety of competitive challenges, including:

•

maintaining favorable brand recognition and effectively marketing its products to
consumers in several diverse demographic markets; and

•

sourcing merchandise efficiently.

There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to compete successfully in the future.

9

Table of Contents

The Interruption of the Flow of Merchandise from Key Vendors and International Manufacturers
Could Disrupt the Company’s Supply Chain.

The Company purchases the majority of its merchandise outside of the U.S. through arrangements with
approximately 240 vendors which includes 451 foreign manufacturers located throughout the world,
primarily in Asia and Central and South America. In addition, many of its domestic manufacturers
maintain production facilities overseas. Political, social or economic instability in Asia,
Central or South America, or in other regions in which the Company’s manufacturers are located,
could cause disruptions in trade, including exports to the U.S. Other events that could also cause
disruptions to exports to the U.S. include:

•

the imposition of additional trade law provisions or regulations;

•

the imposition of additional duties, tariffs and other charges on imports and exports;

•

quotas imposed by bilateral textile agreements;

•

foreign currency fluctuations;

•

restrictions on the transfer of funds; and

•

significant labor disputes, such as dock strikes.

In addition, the Company cannot predict whether the countries in which its merchandise is
manufactured or may be manufactured in the future, will be subject to new or additional trade
restrictions imposed by the U.S. or other foreign governments, including the likelihood, type or
effect of any such restrictions. Trade restrictions, including new or increased tariffs or quotas,
embargoes, safeguards and customs restrictions against apparel items, as well as U.S. or foreign
labor strikes and work stoppages or boycotts, could increase the cost or reduce the supply of
apparel available to the Company and adversely affect its business, financial condition or results
of operations.

The Company Does not Own or Operate any Manufacturing Facilities and Therefore Depends Upon
Independent Third Parties for the Manufacture of all its Merchandise. 

The Company does not own or operate any manufacturing facilities. As a result, the continued
success of the Company’s operations is tied to its timely receipt of quality merchandise from
third-party manufacturers. A manufacturer’s inability to ship orders in a timely manner or meet
the Company’s quality standards could cause delays in responding to consumer demands and negatively
affect consumer confidence in the quality and value of the Company’s brands or negatively impact
the Company’s competitive position, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, the Company is susceptible to
increases in sourcing costs from manufacturers which may not be able to be passed onto the customer
and could adversely affect the Company’s financial condition or results of operations.

10

Table of Contents

The Company’s Reliance on Two Distribution Centers Located in the Same Vicinity Makes it
Susceptible to Disruptions or Adverse Conditions Affecting its Distribution Centers.

The Company’s two DCs, located in New Albany, Ohio, manage the receipt, storage, sorting, packing
and distribution of merchandise to its stores and direct-to-consumer customers. The Company also
uses a third-party DC in the United Kingdom for distribution of merchandise to the Abercrombie &
Fitch flagship located in London, England. As a result, the Company’s operations are susceptible
to local and regional factors, such as accidents, system failures, economic and weather conditions,
natural disasters, and demographic and population changes, as well as other unforeseen events and
circumstances. If the Company’s distribution operations were disrupted, its ability to replace
inventory in its stores and process direct-to-consumer orders could be interrupted and sales could
be negatively impacted.

The Company’s Reliance on Third Parties to Deliver Merchandise from its Distribution Centers to
its Stores and Direct-to-Consumer Customers Could Result in Disruptions to its Business.

The efficient operations of the Company’s stores and direct-to-consumer operations depend on the
timely receipt of merchandise from the Company’s DCs. Independent third party transportation
companies deliver the Company’s merchandise to its stores and direct-to-consumer customers. The
independent third parties employ personnel that may be represented by labor unions. Disruptions in
the delivery of merchandise or work stoppages by employees or contractors of any of these third
parties could delay the timely receipt of merchandise. There can be no assurance that such
stoppages or disruptions will not occur in the future. Any failure by a third party to respond
adequately to the Company’s distribution needs would disrupt its operations and could have a
material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations.

The Company’s Growth Strategy Relies on the Addition of New Stores Each Year, Which May Strain
the Company’s Resources and Adversely Impact the Current Store Base Performance.

The Company’s growth strategy largely depends on the opening of new stores, remodeling existing
stores in a timely manner and operating them profitably. In Fiscal 2008, the Company expects to
open approximately 110 new stores and remodel five to ten stores. Additional factors required for
the successful implementation of the Company’s growth strategy include, but are not limited to,
obtaining desirable prime store locations, negotiating acceptable leases, completing projects on
budget, supplying proper levels of merchandise and successfully hiring and training store managers
and sales associates. Additionally, the new stores may place increased demands on the Company’s
operational, managerial and administrative resources, which could cause the Company to operate less
efficiently. Furthermore, there is a possibility that new stores opened in existing markets may
have an adverse effect on previously existing stores in such markets. Failure to properly
implement the Company’s growth strategy could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
financial condition or results of operations.

The Company’s Long-Term Growth Strategy also Depends on the Development of New Brand
Concepts.

Historically, the Company has internally developed and launched new brands that have contributed to
the Company’s growth. Each new brand concept requires management’s focus and attention as well as
significant capital investments. Furthermore, each new brand concept is susceptible to risks that
include lack of customer acceptance, competition from existing or new retailers, product
differentiation, production and distribution inefficiencies and unanticipated operating issues.
There is no assurance that new brand concepts will achieve successful results. Any new brand
concept that is not successfully launched could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
financial condition or results of operations.

11

Table of Contents

The Company’s International Expansion Plan is Dependent on a Number of Factors, any of Which
Could Delay or Prevent the Successful Penetration into New Markets and Strain its Resources.

As the Company expands internationally, it may incur significant costs related to starting up and
maintaining foreign operations. Costs may include, but are not limited to, obtaining prime
locations for stores, setting up foreign offices and DCs, as well as hiring experienced management.
The Company may be unable to open and operate new stores successfully, and its growth will be
limited, unless it can:

•

identify suitable markets and sites for store locations;

•

negotiate acceptable lease terms;

•

hire, train and retain competent store personnel;

•

gain acceptance from its foreign customers;

•

foster current relationships and develop new relationships with vendors that are capable
of supplying a greater volume of merchandise;

•

manage inventory effectively to meet the needs of new and existing stores on a timely
basis;

•

expand its infrastructure to accommodate growth;

•

generate sufficient operating cash flows or secure adequate capital on commercially
reasonable terms to fund its expansion plan; and

•

manage its foreign currency exchange risks effectively.

In addition, the Company’s international expansion plan will place increased demands on its
operational, managerial and administrative resources. These increased demands may cause the
Company to operate its business less efficiently, which in turn could cause deterioration in the
performance of its existing stores. Furthermore, the Company’s ability to conduct business in
international markets may be affected by legal, regulatory, political and economic risks.

The Company’s Net Sales and Inventory Levels Fluctuate on a Seasonal Basis, Causing its Results
of Operations to be Particularly Susceptible to Changes in Back-to-School and Holiday Shopping
Patterns.

Historically, the Company’s operations have been seasonal, with a significant amount of net sales
and net income occurring in the fourth fiscal quarter, due to the increased sales during the
Holiday selling season and, to a lesser extent, the third fiscal quarter, reflecting increased
sales during the Back-to-School selling season. The Company’s net sales and net income during the
first and second fiscal quarters typically are lower due, in part, to the traditional retail
slowdown immediately following the Holiday season. As a result of this seasonality, net sales and
net income during any fiscal quarter cannot be used as an accurate indicator of the Company’s
annual results. Any factors negatively affecting the Company during the third and fourth fiscal
quarters of any year, including adverse weather or unfavorable economic conditions, could have a
material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations for the entire year.

12

Table of Contents

Furthermore, in order to prepare for the Back-to-School and Holiday selling seasons, the Company
must order and keep significantly more merchandise in stock than it would carry during other parts
of the year. Therefore, the inability to accurately plan and allocate merchandise could have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s
financial condition or results of operations. High inventory levels due to unanticipated decreases
in demand for the Company’s products during peak selling seasons, misidentification of fashion
trends or excess inventory purchases could require the Company to sell merchandise at a substantial
markdown, which could reduce its net sales and gross margins and negatively impact its
profitability.

The Company’s Ability to Attract Customers to its Stores Depends Heavily on the Success of the
Shopping Centers in Which They are Located.

In order to generate customer traffic, the Company locates many of its stores in prominent
locations within successful shopping centers. The Company cannot control the development of new
shopping centers, the availability or cost of appropriate locations within existing or new shopping
centers, competition with other retailers for prominent locations or the success of individual
shopping centers. In addition, factors beyond the Company’s control impact shopping center
traffic, such as general economic conditions and consumer spending levels. A slowdown in the U.S.
economy could negatively affect consumer spending and reduce shopping center traffic. A
significant decrease in shopping center traffic could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s financial condition or results of operations.

Furthermore, in pursuing its growth strategy, the Company will be competing with other retailers
for prominent locations within successful shopping centers. If the Company is unable to secure
these locations or is unable to renew store leases on acceptable terms, it may not be able to
continue to attract the number or quality of customers it normally has attracted or would need to
attract in order to sustain its projected growth. All of these factors may impact the Company’s
ability to meet its growth targets and could have a material adverse effect on its financial
condition or results of operations.

Comparable Store Sales Will Fluctuate on a Regular Basis, Which in Turn May Cause Volatility in
the Price of the Company’s Class A Common Stock.

The Company’s comparable store sales, defined as year-over-year sales for a store that has been
open as the same brand at least one year and the square footage of which has not been expanded or
reduced by more than 20%, have fluctuated significantly in the past on an annual, quarterly and
monthly basis and are expected to continue to fluctuate in the future. During the past three
fiscal years, the comparable sales results have fluctuated as follows: (a) from (1%) to 26% for
annual results; (b) from (4%) to 30% for quarterly results; and (c) from (15%) to 38% for monthly
results. The Company believes that a variety of factors affect comparable store sales results
including, but not limited to, fashion trends, actions by competitors, economic conditions, weather
conditions, opening and/or closing of Company stores near each other, and the calendar shifts of
tax free and holiday periods. Comparable store sales fluctuations may have been an important
factor in the volatility of the price of the Company’s Class A Common Stock in the past, and it is
likely that future comparable store sales fluctuations will contribute to stock price volatility in
the future.

13

Table of Contents

The Company’s Litigation Exposure Could Exceed Expectations, Having a Material Adverse Effect
on Its Financial Condition or Results of Operations.

The Company is involved, from time-to-time, in litigation incidental to its business, such as
litigation regarding overtime compensation and other employment related matters. Additionally, the
Company is involved in several purported class action lawsuits and several shareholder derivative
actions, as well as an SEC investigation, all regarding trading in the Company’s Class A Common
Stock in the summer of Fiscal 2005 (collectively, the “Securities Matters”, see “ITEM 3. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS.”) Management is unable to assess the potential exposure of the aforesaid matters.
The Company’s current exposure could change in the event of the discovery of damaging facts with
respect to legal matters pending against the Company or determinations by judges, juries or other
finders of fact that are not in accordance with management’s evaluation of the claims. Should
management’s evaluation prove incorrect, particularly in regard to the class action overtime
compensation and other employment related claims and the Securities Matters, the Company’s exposure
could greatly exceed expectations and have a material adverse effect on the financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows of the Company.

The Company’s Failure To Adequately Protect Its Trademarks, Abercrombie & Fitch
®
, abercrombie
®
,
Hollister Co.
®
, Ruehl No. 925
® 
and Gilly Hicks, Could Have a Negative Impact on Its Brand Image
and Limit Its Ability To Penetrate New Markets.

The Company believes that its trademarks, Abercrombie & Fitch®, abercrombie
®, Hollister Co.
®, Ruehl
No. 925
®, Gilly Hicks and the “Moose,” “Seagull,” “Bulldog” and “Koala” logos, are an essential
element of the Company’s strategy. The Company has obtained or applied for federal registration of
these trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and the registries where stores are
located or may be located in the future and has pending trademark registration applications for
other trademarks in the U.S. and has applied for or obtained registrations from the registries in
many foreign countries in which its manufacturers are located. There can be no assurance that the
Company will obtain registrations that have been applied for or that the registrations the Company
obtains will prevent the imitation of its products or infringement of its intellectual property
rights by others. If any third party copies the Company’s products in a manner that projects
lesser quality or carries a negative connotation, the Company’s brand image could be materially
adversely affected.

Because the Company has not yet registered all of its trademarks in all categories, or in all
foreign countries in which it sources or offers its merchandise now or may do so in the future, its
international expansion and its merchandising of products using these marks could be limited. For
example, the Company cannot ensure that others will not try to block the manufacture, export or
sale of its products as a violation of their trademarks or other proprietary rights. The pending
applications for international registration of various trademarks could be challenged or rejected
in those countries because third parties of whom the Company is not currently aware have already
registered similar marks in those countries. Accordingly, it may be possible, in those foreign
countries where the status of various applications is pending or unclear, for a third-party owner
of the national trademark registration for a similar mark to prohibit the manufacture, sale or
exportation of branded goods in or from that country. If the Company is unable to reach an
arrangement with any such party, the Company’s manufacturers may be unable to manufacture its
products, and the Company may be unable to sell in those countries. The Company’s inability to
register its trademarks or purchase or license the right to use its trademarks or logos in these
jurisdictions could limit its ability to obtain supplies from, or manufacture in, less costly
markets or penetrate new markets should the Company’s business plan include selling its merchandise
in those non-U.S. jurisdictions.

14

Table of Contents

The Company has an anti-counterfeiting program, under the auspices of the Abercrombie & Fitch Brand
Protection Team, whose goal is to eliminate the supply of illegal pieces of the Company’s products.
The Brand Protection Team interacts with investigators, customs officials and law enforcement
entities throughout the world to combat the illegal use of the Company’s trademarks. Although
brand security initiatives are being taken, the Company cannot guarantee that its efforts against
the counterfeiting of its brands will be successful.

Modifications and/or Upgrades to Information Technology Systems may Disrupt Operations. 

The Company regularly evaluates its information technology systems and requirements and is
currently implementing modifications and/or upgrades to the information technology systems that
support the business. Modifications include replacing legacy systems with successor systems,
making changes to legacy systems or acquiring new systems with new functionality. The Company is
aware of inherent risks associated with replacing and modifying these systems, including inaccurate
system information and system disruptions. The Company believes it is taking appropriate action to
mitigate the risks through testing, training and staging implementation as well as securing
appropriate commercial contracts with third-party vendors supplying such replacement technologies.
Information technology system disruptions and inaccurate system information, if not anticipated and
appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition
or results of operations. Additionally, there is no assurance that a successfully implemented
system will deliver value to the Company.

Our Business Could Suffer if the Company’s Computer Systems are Disrupted or Cease to Operate
Effectively.

The Company relies heavily on its computer systems to record and process transactions and manage
and operate the Company’s operations. Given the significant number of transactions that are
completed annually, it is vital to maintain constant operation of the computer hardware and
software systems. Despite efforts to prevent such an occurrence, the Company’s systems are
vulnerable from time-to-time to damage or interruption from computer viruses, power outages and
other technical malfunctions. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, the Company
may have to make monetary investments to repair or replace the systems and the Company could endure
delays in its operations. Any material interruption could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s business or results of operations.

15

Table of Contents