Forward-Looking
 Statements And Risk Factors.

 We caution that any forward-looking statements (as such term is
 defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
 1995) contained in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 or made by us, our management or our spokespeople involve risks
 and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various
 factors, many of which may be beyond our control. Words such as
 “estimate,” “project,” “plan,”
 “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,”
 “intend” and similar expressions may identify
 forward-looking statements. Except as may be required by
 applicable law, we assume no obligation to publicly update or
 revise our forward-looking statements.

 The following factors could affect our financial performance and
 could cause actual results to differ materially from those
 expressed or implied in any of the forward-looking statements:

 • 

 changes in economic and financial conditions, and the resulting
 impact on consumer confidence and consumer spending, could have
 a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
 and liquidity;

 6

Table of Contents

 • 

 if we are unable to anticipate, identify and respond to changing
 fashion trends and consumer preferences in a timely manner, and
 manage our inventory commensurate with customer demand, our
 sales levels and profitability may decline;

 • 

 fluctuations in the cost, availability and quality of raw
 materials, labor and transportation, could cause manufacturing
 delays and increase our costs;

 • 

 equity-based compensation awarded under the employment agreement
 with our Chief Executive Officer could adversely impact our cash
 flows, financial position or results of operations and could
 have a dilutive effect on our outstanding Common Stock;

 • 

 our growth strategy relies significantly on international
 expansion, which adds complexity to our operations and may
 strain our resources and adversely impact current store
 performance;

 • 

 our international expansion plan is dependent on a number of
 factors, any of which could delay or prevent successful
 penetration into new markets or could adversely affect the
 profitability of our international operations;

 • 

 our
 direct-to-consumer
 sales are subject to numerous risks that could adversely impact
 sales;

 • 

 we have incurred, and may continue to incur, significant costs
 related to store closures;

 • 

 our development of a new brand concept such as Gilly Hicks could
 have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or
 results of operations;

 • 

 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely
 impact our financial condition and results of operations;

 • 

 our business could suffer if our information technology systems
 are disrupted or cease to operate effectively;

 • 

 comparable store sales will continue to fluctuate on a regular
 basis and impact the volatility of the price of our Common Stock;

 • 

 our market share may be negatively impacted by increasing
 competition and pricing pressures from companies with brands or
 merchandise competitive with ours;

 • 

 our ability to attract customers to our stores depends, in part,
 on the success of the shopping malls in which most of our stores
 are located;

 • 

 our net sales fluctuate on a seasonal basis, causing our results
 of operations to be susceptible to changes in
 Back-to-School
 and Holiday shopping patterns;

 • 

 our inability to accurately plan for product demand and allocate
 merchandise effectively could have a material adverse effect on
 our results;

 • 

 our failure to protect our reputation could have a material
 adverse effect on our brands;

 • 

 we rely on the experience and skills of our senior executive
 officers, the loss of whom could have a material adverse effect
 on our business;

 • 

 interruption in the flow of merchandise from our key vendors and
 international manufacturers could disrupt our supply chain,
 which could result in lost sales and could increase our costs;

 7

Table of Contents

 • 

 we do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and,
 therefore, depend upon independent third parties for the
 manufacture of all our merchandise;

 • 

 our reliance on two distribution centers domestically and one
 third-party distribution center internationally makes us
 susceptible to disruptions or adverse conditions affecting our
 distribution centers;

 • 

 our reliance on third parties to deliver merchandise from our
 distribution centers to our stores and
 direct-to-consumer
 customers could result in disruptions to our business;

 • 

 we may be exposed to risks and costs associated with credit card
 fraud and identity theft that would cause us to incur unexpected
 expenses and loss of revenues;

 • 

 modifications
 and/or
 upgrades to our information technology systems may disrupt our
 operations;

 • 

 our facilities, systems and stores as well as the facilities and
 systems of our vendors and manufacturers, are vulnerable to
 natural disasters and other unexpected events, any of which
 could result in an interruption in our business and adversely
 affect our operating results;

 • 

 our litigation exposure could exceed expectations, having a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
 of operations;

 • 

 our inability or failure to adequately protect our trademarks
 could have a negative impact on our brand image and limit our
 ability to penetrate new markets;

 • 

 fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate may
 result in volatility in our operating results;

 • 

 the effects of war or acts of terrorism could have a material
 adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition;

 • 

 our inability to obtain commercial insurance at acceptable
 prices or our failure to adequately reserve for self-insured
 exposures might increase our expenses and adversely impact our
 financial results;

 • 

 reduced operating results and cash flows at the store level may
 cause us to incur impairment charges;

 • 

 we are subject to customs, advertising, consumer protection,
 privacy, zoning and occupancy and labor and employment laws that
 could require us to modify our current business practices, incur
 increased costs or harm our reputation if we do not comply;

 • 

 changes in the regulatory or compliance landscape could
 adversely affect our business and results of operations;

 • 

 our unsecured credit agreement includes financial and other
 covenants that impose restrictions on our financial and business
 operations; and

 • 

 our operations may be affected by regulatory changes related to
 climate change and greenhouse gas emissions.

 The following sets forth a description of certain risk factors
 that we believe may be relevant to an understanding of our
 business. These risk factors could cause actual results to
 differ materially from those expressed or implied in any of our
 forward-looking statements.

 8

Table of Contents

 Changes
 in Economic and Financial Conditions, and the Resulting Impact
 on Consumer Confidence and Consumer Spending, Could Have a
 Material Adverse Effect on Our Business, Results of Operations
 and Liquidity.

 Our business depends on consumer demand for our merchandise.
 Consumer purchases of discretionary items, including our
 merchandise, generally decline during recessionary periods and
 other periods where disposable income is adversely affected. Our
 performance is subject to factors that affect worldwide economic
 conditions including unemployment, consumer credit availability,
 consumer debt levels, reductions in net worth based on declines
 in the financial, residential real estate and mortgage markets,
 sales tax rates and rate increases, fuel and energy prices,
 interest rates, consumer confidence in future economic and
 political conditions, consumer perceptions of personal
 well-being and security, the value of the U.S. dollar
 versus foreign currencies and other macroeconomic factors.
 During Fiscal 2008 and Fiscal 2009, the combination of these
 factors caused consumer spending to deteriorate significantly.
 While consumer spending began to improve in Fiscal 2010, these
 factors may cause levels of spending to remain depressed
 relative to historical levels for the foreseeable future. In
 addition, these factors may cause consumers to purchase products
 from lower-priced competitors or to defer purchases of apparel
 and personal care products altogether. One of the factors that
 we consider important to our ability to achieve the operating
 income goals we have set for ourselves is a return of the
 productivity of our domestic stores toward historical levels.
 The economic conditions and factors described above could
 adversely affect the anticipated increase in productivity of our
 domestic stores, as well as adversely affect the pace of opening
 new international stores, or their productivity once opened.

 Economic uncertainty could have a material adverse effect on our
 results of operations and our liquidity and capital resources if
 reduced consumer demand for our merchandise should occur. It
 could also impact our ability to fund growth
 and/or
 result in becoming reliant on external financing, the
 availability of which may be uncertain.

 In addition, the economic environment may exacerbate some of the
 risks noted below, including consumer demand, strain on
 available resources, international growth strategy, store
 growth, interruption of the flow of merchandise from key vendors
 and manufacturers, and foreign currency exchange rate
 fluctuations. The risks could be exacerbated individually or
 collectively.

 If
 We are Unable to Anticipate, Identify and Respond to Changing
 Fashion Trends and Consumer Preferences in a Timely Manner, and
 Manage Our Inventory Commensurate with Customer Demand, Our
 Sales Levels and Profitability May Decline.

 Our success largely depends on our ability to anticipate and
 gauge the fashion preferences of our customers and provide
 merchandise that satisfies constantly shifting demands in a
 timely manner. Our merchandise must appeal to each brand’s
 corresponding target market of consumers whose preferences
 cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to rapid
 change. We must translate market trends into appropriate,
 saleable merchandise far in advance of its sale in our stores or
 on our Internet websites. Because we enter into agreements for
 the manufacture and purchase of merchandise well in advance of
 the applicable selling season, we are vulnerable to changes in
 consumer preference and demand, pricing shifts, and the
 sub-optimal
 selection and timing of merchandise purchases. We attempt to
 reduce the risks of changing fashion trends and product
 acceptance in part by devoting a portion of our merchandise for
 each brand to basic styles that are not significantly modified
 from

year-to-year.
 However, there can be no assurance that we will continue to
 anticipate consumer demands successfully in the future. To the
 extent that we fail to anticipate, identify and respond
 effectively to changing consumer preferences and fashion trends,
 our sales will be

 9

Table of Contents

 adversely affected. Inventory levels for certain merchandise
 styles no longer considered to be “on trend” may
 increase, leading to higher markdowns to reduce excess inventory
 or increases in inventory valuation reserves. A distressed
 economic and retail environment, in which many of our
 competitors continue to engage in aggressive promotional
 activities, increases the importance of reacting appropriately
 to changing consumer preferences and fashion trends. Conversely,
 if we underestimate consumer demand for our merchandise or if
 our manufacturers fail to supply quality products in a timely
 manner, we may experience inventory shortages, which may
 negatively impact customer relationships, diminish brand loyalty
 and result in lost sales. Any of these events could
 significantly harm our operating results and financial condition.

 Fluctuations
 in the Cost, Availability and Quality of Raw Materials, Labor
 and Transportation, Could Cause Manufacturing Delays and
 Increase Our
 Costs

.

 Fluctuations in the cost, availability and quality of the
 fabrics or other raw materials used to manufacture our
 merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our cost of
 goods, or our ability to meet customer demand. The prices for
 such fabrics depend largely on the market prices for the raw
 materials used to produce them, particularly cotton. During the
 past 12 months alone, the price of cotton has nearly
 tripled based on Index A. The price and availability of such raw
 materials may fluctuate significantly, depending on many
 factors, including crop yields and weather patterns. Such
 factors may be exacerbated by legislation and regulations
 associated with global climate change.

 In addition, the cost of labor at many of our third-party
 manufacturers has been increasing significantly and, as the
 middle class in developing countries continues to grow, it is
 unlikely that such cost pressure will abate. The cost of
 transportation has been increasing as well, and, if the price of
 oil continues to increase, and as there continues to be
 significant unrest in the Middle East, it is unlikely that such
 cost pressure will abate.

 In the future, we may not be able to pass all or a portion of
 higher raw materials prices or labor or transportation costs on
 to our customers. These increasing costs of production could
 also adversely affect our ability to achieve the gross margin
 objectives we have established for ourselves as one component of
 our roadmap.

 Equity-Based
 Compensation Awarded Under the Employment Agreement with Our
 Chief Executive Officer Could Adversely Impact Our Cash Flows,
 Financial Position or Results of Operations and Could have a
 Dilutive Effect on Our Outstanding Common
 Stock.

 Under the Employment Agreement, entered into as of
 December 19, 2008, between Abercrombie & Fitch
 Co. and Michael S. Jeffries, our Chairman and Chief Executive
 Officer (the “Employment Agreement”),
 Mr. Jeffries received grants (the “Retention
 Grants”) of stock appreciation rights. In addition to the
 Retention Grants, Mr. Jeffries is also eligible to receive
 two equity-based grants during each fiscal year of the term of
 the Employment Agreement starting with Fiscal 2009 (each, a
 “Semi-Annual Grant”). The value of a Semi-Annual Grant
 is uncertain and dependent on the future market price of our
 Common Stock and our financial performance. To date,
 Mr. Jeffries has received Semi-Annual Grants, in aggregate,
 of 3,463,972 stock appreciation rights.

 In connection with the Semi-Annual Grants contemplated by the
 Employment Agreement, the related compensation expense could
 significantly impact our results of operations. In addition, the
 significant number of shares of Common Stock which could be
 issued to settle the Retention Grants and the Semi-Annual Grants
 is uncertain and dependent on the future market price of our
 Common Stock and our financial

 10

Table of Contents

 performance and would, if issued, have a dilutive effect with
 respect to our outstanding shares of Common Stock, which may
 adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock.

 In the event that there are not sufficient shares of Common
 Stock available to be issued under our 2007 Long-Term Incentive
 Plan (the “2007 LTIP”), or under a successor or
 replacement plan at the time these equity-based awards are
 ultimately settled, we will be required to settle some portion
 of the awards in cash, which could have an adverse impact on our
 cash flow from operations, financial position or results of
 operations. Furthermore, the awards may not be deductible
 pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m). In
 addition, under applicable accounting rules, if our stock price
 increases to a point where, as of any measurement date, we would
 be unable to settle outstanding equity-based awards in shares of
 Common Stock from our existing plans, we will be required to
 classify and account for all or a portion of the equity-based
 awards as liabilities. This could further adversely impact our
 results of operations.

 Given the number of shares of Common Stock which could be issued
 under the Retention Grants and the Semi-Annual Grants, we intend
 to seek stockholder approval of additional long-term incentive
 compensation plans in order to be able to continue to settle the
 awards in Common Stock. In the event that we are unable to
 obtain such approval, the risk of cash settlement
 and/or
 liability accounting would be increased.

 Our
 Growth Strategy Relies Significantly on International Expansion,
 Which Adds Complexity to Our Operations and May Strain Our
 Resources and Adversely Impact Current Store
 Performance.

 Our growth strategy largely depends on the opening of new
 international stores. This international expansion has placed,
 and will continue to place, increased demands on our
 operational, managerial and administrative resources at all
 levels of the Company. These increased demands may cause us to
 operate our business less efficiently, which in turn could cause
 deterioration in the performance of our existing stores or could
 adversely affect our inventory levels. Furthermore, our ability
 to conduct business in international markets may be adversely
 affected by legal, regulatory, political and economic risks. Our
 international expansion strategy and success could also be
 adversely impacted by the global economy. Failure to properly
 implement our growth strategy could have a material adverse
 effect on our financial condition and results of operations or
 could otherwise adversely affect our ability to achieve our
 roadmap objectives.

 In addition, as we continue to expand our overseas operations,
 we are subject to certain U.S. laws, including the Foreign
 Corrupt Practices Act, in addition to the laws of the foreign
 countries in which we operate. We must use all commercially
 reasonable efforts to ensure our employees comply with these
 laws. If any of our overseas operations, or our employees or
 agents, violate such laws, we could become subject to sanctions
 or other penalties that could negatively affect our reputation,
 business and operating results.

 Our
 International Expansion Plan is Dependent on a Number of
 Factors, Any of Which Could Delay or Prevent Successful
 Penetration into New Markets or Could Adversely Affect the
 Profitability of Our International Operations.

 As we expand internationally, we may incur significant costs
 related to starting up and maintaining foreign operations. Costs
 may include, but are not limited to, obtaining prime locations
 for stores, setting up foreign offices and distribution centers,
 as well as hiring experienced management. We may be unable to
 open and operate new stores successfully, or we may face
 operational issues that delay our intended pace of international
 store openings, and, in any such case, our growth may be
 limited, unless we can:

 • 

 identify suitable markets and sites for store locations;

 11

Table of Contents

 • 

 address the different operational characteristics present in
 each country to which we expand, including employment and labor,
 transportation, logistics, real estate, lease provisions and
 local reporting or legal requirements;

 • 

 negotiate acceptable lease terms, in some cases in locations in
 which the relative rights and obligations of landlords and
 tenants differ significantly from the customs and practices in
 the United States;

 • 

 hire, train and retain competent store personnel;

 • 

 gain and retain acceptance from foreign customers;

 • 

 manage inventory effectively to meet the needs of new and
 existing stores on a timely basis;

 • 

 expand infrastructure to accommodate growth;

 • 

 foster current relationships and develop new relationships with
 vendors that are capable of supplying a greater volume of
 merchandise;

 • 

 generate sufficient operating cash flows or secure adequate
 capital on commercially reasonable terms to fund our expansion
 plan;

 • 

 manage foreign currency exchange risks effectively; and

 • 

 achieve acceptable operating margins from new stores.

 Failure to implement our international expansion plan consistent
 with our internal expectations, whether as a result of one or
 more of the factors listed above or other factors, would
 adversely affect our ability to achieve the roadmap objectives
 that we have established for ourselves.

 Our
 Direct-to-Consumer
 Sales are Subject to Numerous Risks that Could Adversely Impact
 Sales.

 We sell merchandise over the Internet through our websites:
 www.abercrombie.com; www.abercrombiekids.com;
 www.hollisterco.com; and www.gillyhicks.com. Our Internet
 operations are subject to numerous risks, including:

 • 

 reliance on third-party computer hardware/software providers;

 • 

 rapid technological change and the implementation of new systems
 and platforms;

 • 

 diversions of sales from our stores;

 • 

 liability for online content;

 • 

 violations of state, federal or international laws, including
 those relating to online privacy;

 • 

 credit card fraud;

 • 

 the failure of the computer systems that operate our websites
 and their related support systems, including computer viruses;

 • 

 telecommunication failures and electronic break-ins and similar
 disruptions; and

 • 

 disruption of Internet service, whether for technical reasons or
 as a result of state-sponsored censorship.

 12

Table of Contents

 Our failure to successfully respond to these risks might
 adversely affect sales in our Internet business, as well as
 damage our reputation and brands.

 We
 Have Incurred, and May Continue to Incur, Significant Costs
 Related to Store Closures.

 We may incur costs associated with store closures resulting
 from, among other things, lease termination agreements
 associated with closing stores prior to the stores’ lease
 expiration date. These costs could be significant and could have
 a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
 of operations. We previously announced our intention to close
 underperforming domestic stores as part of our efforts to
 increase domestic store productivity toward our roadmap goals.
 In Fiscal 2010, we incurred $4.4 million of expenses in
 connection with the closings of 64 domestic stores.

 Our
 Development of a New Brand Concept Such as Gilly Hicks Could
 Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Financial Condition or
 Results of Operations.

 Historically, we have internally developed and launched new
 brands that have contributed to our sales growth. Our most
 recently added brand is Gilly Hicks, which offers bras,
 underwear, personal care products, sleepwear and at-home
 products for girls. The development of new brand concepts such
 as Gilly Hicks requires management’s focus and attention,
 as well as significant capital investments. Furthermore, a new
 brand concept is susceptible to risks that include lack of
 customer acceptance, competition from existing or new retailers,
 product differentiation, production and distribution
 inefficiencies and unanticipated operating issues. There is no
 assurance that a new brand concept, including Gilly Hicks, will
 achieve successful results. The failure of Gilly Hicks to be
 successfully launched and to achieve profitability could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
 of operations. The costs of exiting a brand are significant. In
 Fiscal 2009, we incurred pre-tax exit costs of
 $56.1 million and pre-tax impairment charges of
 $51.5 million associated with the closure of RUEHL. In
 addition, the ongoing development of new concepts may place a
 strain on available resources.

 Fluctuations
 in Foreign Currency Exchange Rates Could Adversely Impact Our
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

 The functional currency of our international subsidiaries is
 generally the local currency in which each operates, which
 includes Euros, Canadian Dollars, Japanese Yen, Danish Kroner,
 Hong Kong Dollars and British Pounds. Our consolidated financial
 statements are presented in U.S. dollars. Therefore, we
 must translate revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities from
 functional currencies into U.S. dollars at exchange rates
 in effect during, or at the end of, the reporting period. In
 addition, our international subsidiaries transact in currencies
 other than their functional currency, including intercompany
 transactions, which could result in foreign currency transaction
 gains or losses. The fluctuation in the value of the
 U.S. dollar against other currencies could impact our
 financial results.

 Furthermore, we purchase substantially all of our inventory in
 U.S. dollars. As a result, our gross margin rate from
 international operations is subject to volatility from movements
 in exchange rates over time, which could have an adverse effect
 on our financial condition and results of operations and
 profitability of the growth desired from international
 operations.

 13

Table of Contents

 Our
 Business Could Suffer if Our Information Technology Systems are
 Disrupted or Cease to Operate Effectively.

 We rely heavily on our information technology systems to operate
 our websites, record and process transactions, respond to
 customer inquiries, manage inventory, purchase, sell and ship
 merchandise on a timely basis and maintain cost-efficient
 operations. Given the significant number of transactions that
 are completed annually, it is vital to maintain constant
 operation of our computer hardware and software systems. Despite
 efforts to prevent such an occurrence, our information
 technology systems are vulnerable from
 time-to-time
 to damage or interruption from computer viruses, power outages,
 third-party intrusions and other technical malfunctions. If our
 systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may have to
 make monetary investments to repair or replace the systems and
 we could endure delays in our operations. Any material
 disruption or slowdown of our systems, including a disruption or
 slowdown caused by our failure to successfully upgrade our
 systems, could cause information, including data related to
 customer orders, to be lost or delayed. Such a loss or delay
 could – especially if the disruption or slowdown
 occurred during our peak selling seasons – result in
 delays of merchandise to our stores and customers, which could
 reduce demand for our merchandise and cause our sales to decline.

 Comparable
 Store Sales Will Continue to Fluctuate on a Regular Basis and
 Impact the Volatility of the Price of Our Common
 Stock.

 Our comparable store sales, defined as
 year-over-year
 sales for a store that has been open as the same brand at least
 one year and the square footage of which has not been expanded
 or reduced by more than 20%, have fluctuated significantly in
 the past on an annual and quarterly basis and are expected to
 continue to fluctuate in the future. During the past three
 fiscal years, comparable sales results have fluctuated as
 follows: (a) from 7% to (23)% for annual results and
 (b) from 13% to (30)% for quarterly results. We believe
 that a variety of factors affect comparable store sales results
 including, but not limited to, fashion trends, actions by
 competitors or mall anchor tenants, changes in economic
 conditions and consumer spending patterns, weather conditions,
 opening

and/or
 closing of our stores near each other, the timing of the release
 of new merchandise and promotional events, changes in our
 merchandise mix and the calendar shifts of tax free and holiday
 periods.

 Comparable store sales fluctuations may impact our ability to
 leverage fixed direct expenses, including store rent and store
 asset depreciation, which may adversely affect our financial
 condition or results of operations.

 In addition, comparable store sales fluctuations may have been
 an important factor in the volatility of the price of our Common
 Stock in the past, and it is likely that future comparable store
 sales fluctuations will contribute to stock price volatility in
 the future.

 Our
 Market Share May be Negatively Impacted by Increasing
 Competition and Pricing Pressures from Companies with Brands or
 Merchandise Competitive with Ours.

 The sale of apparel and personal care products through
 brick-and-mortar
 stores and

direct-to-consumer
 channels is a highly competitive business with numerous
 participants, including individual and chain fashion specialty
 stores, as well as regional, national and international
 department stores. The substantial sales growth in the

direct-to-consumer
 channel within the last few years has encouraged the entry of
 many new competitors

 14

Table of Contents

 and an increase in competition from established companies. We
 face a variety of competitive challenges, including:

 • 

 anticipating and quickly responding to changing consumer demands
 or preferences better than our competitors;

 • 

 maintaining favorable brand recognition and effectively
 marketing our products to consumers in several diverse
 demographic markets;

 • 

 sourcing merchandise efficiently;

 • 

 developing innovative, high-quality merchandise in styles that
 appeal to our consumers and in ways that favorably distinguish
 us from our competitors; and

 • 

 countering the aggressive promotional activities of many of our
 competitors without diminishing the aspirational nature of our
 brands and brand equity.

 In light of the competitive challenges we face, we may not be
 able to compete successfully in the future. Further, increases
 in competition could reduce our sales and harm our operating
 results and business.

 Our
 Ability to Attract Customers to Our Stores Depends, in Part, on
 the Success of the Shopping Malls in Which Most of Our Stores
 are Located.

 In order to generate customer traffic, we locate many of our
 stores in prominent locations within successful shopping malls.
 Our stores benefit from the ability of the malls’
 “anchor” tenants, generally large department stores
 and other area attractions, to generate consumer traffic in the
 vicinity of our stores and the continuing popularity of malls in
 the United States and, increasingly, in many international
 locations as shopping destinations. We cannot control the
 development of new shopping malls in the United States or around
 the world; the availability or cost of appropriate locations
 within existing or new shopping malls; competition with other
 retailers for prominent locations; or the success of individual
 shopping malls. All of these factors may impact our ability to
 meet our productivity targets for our domestic stores and our
 growth objectives for our international Hollister Co. stores,
 which are primarily mall-based, and could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial condition or results of
 operations. Unfavorable economic conditions, particularly in
 certain regions, have affected mall traffic and resulted in the
 closing of certain anchor stores. The viability of certain
 commercial and real estate firms which operate major shopping
 malls has also been threatened. In addition, some malls that
 were in prominent locations when we opened stores may cease to
 be viewed as prominent. If this trend continues or if the
 popularity of mall shopping continues to decline generally among
 our customers, our sales may decline, or we may fail to achieve
 our roadmap goals for domestic productivity, which would impact
 our gross profits, net income or ability to achieve our roadmap
 goal for operating margin by Fiscal 2012.

 Part of our future growth is dependent on our ability to operate
 stores in desirable locations with capital investment and lease
 costs providing the opportunity to earn a reasonable return. We
 cannot be sure as to when or whether such desirable locations
 will become available at reasonable costs.

 Our
 Net Sales Fluctuate on a Seasonal Basis, Causing Our Results of
 Operations to be Susceptible to Changes in
 Back-to-School
 and Holiday Shopping Patterns.

 Historically, our operations have been seasonal, with a
 significant amount of net sales and net income occurring in the
 fourth fiscal quarter, due to the increased sales during the
 Holiday selling season and, to a

 15

Table of Contents

 lesser extent, the third fiscal quarter, reflecting increased
 sales during the
 Back-to-School
 selling season in the United States. Our net sales and net
 income during the first and second fiscal quarters are typically
 lower due, in part, to the traditional slowdown in retail sales
 immediately following the Holiday selling season. As a result of
 this seasonality, net sales and net income during any fiscal
 quarter cannot be used as an accurate indicator of our annual
 results. Any factors negatively affecting us during the third
 and fourth fiscal quarters of any year, including inclement
 weather or unfavorable economic conditions, could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
 of operations for the entire year.

 Our
 Inability to Accurately Plan for Product Demand and Allocate
 Merchandise Effectively Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on
 Our Results.

 We must order and keep appropriate merchandise in stock to meet
 demand. As a result, the inability to accurately plan for
 product demand and allocate merchandise effectively could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
 of operations. High inventory levels due to unanticipated
 decreases in demand for our products, misidentification of
 fashion trends, or excess inventory purchases could require us
 to sell merchandise at a substantial markdown, which could
 reduce our net sales and gross margins and negatively impact our
 profitability. Low levels of inventory due to conservative
 planning could also affect product offerings in our stores and
 on our websites and negatively impact net sales and
 profitability.

 Our
 Failure to Protect Our Reputation Could Have a Material Adverse
 Effect on Our Brands.

 Our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to our
 brands. Our reputation could be jeopardized if we fail to
 maintain high standards for merchandise quality and integrity.
 Any negative publicity about these types of concerns may reduce
 demand for our merchandise. Failure to comply with ethical,
 social, product, labor, health and safety or environmental
 standards, or related political considerations, could also
 jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various
 adverse consumer actions, including boycotts. Public perception
 about our products or our stores, whether justified or not,
 could impair our reputation, involve us in litigation, damage
 our brands and have a material adverse effect on our business.
 Failure to comply with local laws and regulations, to maintain
 an effective system of internal controls or to provide accurate
 and timely financial statement information could also hurt our
 reputation. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer
 confidence for any of these or other reasons could have a
 material adverse effect on our results of operations and
 financial condition, as well as require additional resources to
 rebuild our reputation.

 We
 Rely on the Experience and Skills of Our Senior Executive
 Officers, the Loss of Whom Could Have a Material Adverse Effect
 on Our Business.

 Our senior executive officers closely supervise all aspects of
 our business — in particular, the design of our
 merchandise and the operation of our stores. Our senior
 executive officers have substantial experience and expertise in
 the retail business and have made significant contributions to
 the growth and success of our brands. If we were to lose the
 benefit of their involvement — in particular the
 services of any one or more of Michael S. Jeffries, Chairman and
 Chief Executive Officer; Diane Chang, Executive Vice
 President — Sourcing; Leslee K. Herro, Executive Vice
 President — Planning and Allocation; Jonathan E.
 Ramsden, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer;
 and Ronald A. Robins, Jr., Senior Vice President, General
 Counsel and Secretary — without adequate succession
 plans, our business could be adversely affected. Competition for
 such senior executive officers is intense, and we cannot be sure
 we will be able to attract, retain and develop a sufficient
 number of qualified senior executive officers in future periods.

 16

Table of Contents

 Interruption
 in the Flow of Merchandise from Our Key Vendors and
 International Manufacturers Could Disrupt Our Supply Chain,
 Which Could Result in Lost Sales and Could Increase Our
 Costs.

 We purchase the majority of our merchandise outside of the
 U.S. through arrangements with approximately 190 vendors
 which includes foreign manufacturers located throughout the
 world, primarily in Asia and Central and South America. In
 addition, many of our domestic manufacturers maintain production
 facilities overseas. Political, social or economic instability
 in Asia, Central or South America, or in other regions in which
 our manufacturers are located, could cause disruptions in trade,
 including exports to the U.S. Other events that could also
 cause disruptions to exports to the U.S. include:

 • 

 the imposition of additional trade law provisions or regulations;

 • 

 reliance on a limited number of shipping and air carriers who
 may experience capacity issues that adversely affect our ability
 to ship inventory in a timely manner or for an acceptable cost;

 • 

 the imposition of additional duties, tariffs and other charges
 on imports and exports;

 • 

 quotas imposed by bilateral textile agreements;

 • 

 economic uncertainties and adverse economic conditions
 (including inflation and recession);

 • 

 fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar against
 foreign currencies;

 • 

 restrictions on the transfer of funds;

 • 

 the potential of manufacturer financial instability, inability
 to access needed liquidity or bankruptcy;

 • 

 significant labor disputes, such as dock strikes;

 • 

 significant delays in the delivery of cargo due to port security
 considerations;

 • 

 financial or political instability in any of the counties in
 which our merchandise is manufactured;

 • 

 natural disasters; and

 • 

 regulations to address climate change.

 In addition, we cannot predict whether the countries in which
 our merchandise is manufactured, or may be manufactured in the
 future, will be subject to new or additional trade restrictions
 imposed by the U.S. or other foreign governments, including
 the likelihood, type or effect of any such restrictions. Trade
 restrictions, including new or increased tariffs or quotas,
 embargoes, safeguards and customs restrictions against apparel
 items, as well as U.S. or foreign labor strikes and work
 stoppages or boycotts, could increase the cost or reduce the
 supply of apparel available to us and adversely affect our
 business, financial condition or results of operations.

 We
 do not Own or Operate any Manufacturing Facilities and,
 Therefore, Depend Upon Independent Third Parties for the
 Manufacture of all Our Merchandise.

 We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities. As a
 result, the continued success of our operations is tied to our
 timely receipt of quality merchandise from third-party
 manufacturers. Our products are manufactured to our
 specifications primarily by foreign manufacturers. We cannot
 control all of the various factors, which include inclement
 weather, natural disasters, political and financial instability,
 strikes, health concerns regarding infectious diseases in
 countries in which our merchandise is produced, and acts of
 terrorism, that might affect a manufacturer’s ability to
 ship orders of our merchandise in a timely manner or to

 17

Table of Contents

 meet our quality standards. A manufacturer’s inability to
 ship orders in a timely manner or meet our quality standards
 could cause delays in responding to consumer demands and
 negatively affect consumer confidence in the quality and value
 of our brands or negatively impact our competitive position, any
 of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition and results of operations. We are also susceptible to
 increases in sourcing costs from our manufacturers which we may
 not be able to pass on to our customers and could adversely
 affect our financial condition or results of operations.

 Additionally, while we utilize third-party compliance auditors
 to visit and monitor the operations of our manufacturers, we do
 not have control of the independent manufacturers or their labor
 practices. As a result, the risk remains that one or more of our
 manufacturers will not adhere to our global compliance standards
 and violate labor laws or other laws, including consumer and
 product safety laws. Non-governmental organizations might
 attempt to create an unfavorable impression of our sourcing
 practices or the practices of some of our vendors or
 manufacturers that could harm our image. If either of these
 events occur, we could lose customer goodwill and favorable
 brand recognition.

 Our
 Reliance on Two Distribution Centers Domestically and One
 Third-Party Distribution Center Internationally Makes us
 Susceptible to Disruptions or Adverse Conditions Affecting Our
 Distribution Centers.

 Our two distribution centers located in New Albany, Ohio, manage
 the receipt, storage, sorting, packing and distribution of
 merchandise to our stores and
 direct-to-consumer
 customers, both regionally and internationally. We also use a
 third-party distribution center in the Netherlands for the
 distribution of merchandise delivered to our stores located
 outside of North America. As a result, our operations are
 susceptible to local and regional factors, such as system
 failures, accidents, economic and weather conditions, natural
 disasters, and demographic and population changes, as well as
 other unforeseen events and circumstances. If our distribution
 operations were disrupted, our ability to replace inventory in
 our stores and process

direct-to-consumer
 orders could be interrupted and sales could be negatively
 impacted.

 We are in the process of consolidating our two distribution
 centers in New Albany into one, with an expected completion date
 in mid-2012. This consolidation requires management’s focus
 and attention, as well as significant capital investments. We
 believe that this consolidation will result in operational
 efficiencies and that one distribution center in New Albany is
 adequate. However, if we are unable to operate effectively with
 one distribution center, our distribution operations could be
 disrupted. Further, consolidation into one distribution center
 increases our susceptibility to risks associated with system
 failures, accidents, weather conditions, national disasters, and
 other unforeseen circumstances. If our operations are disrupted,
 our ability to replace inventory in our stores and process
 direct-to-consumer
 orders could be interrupted and sales could be negatively
 impacted.

 Our
 Reliance on Third Parties to Deliver Merchandise From Our
 Distribution Centers to Our Stores and
 Direct-to-Consumer
 Customers Could Result in Disruptions to Our
 Business.

 The efficient operations of our stores and
 direct-to-consumer
 operations depend on the timely receipt of merchandise from our
 distribution centers. We deliver our merchandise to our stores
 and

direct-to-consumer
 customers using independent third parties. We use primarily one
 contract carrier for domestic store deliveries and all

direct-to-consumer
 deliveries and a separate contract carrier for international
 store deliveries. The independent third parties employ personnel
 that may be represented by labor unions. Disruptions in the
 delivery of merchandise or work stoppages by employees or
 contractors of any of these third parties could delay the timely
 receipt of merchandise. There can be no assurance that such
 stoppages or disruptions will not

 18

Table of Contents

 occur in the future. Any failure by a third party to respond
 adequately to our distribution needs would disrupt our
 operations and could have a material adverse effect on our
 financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, we
 are susceptible to increases in fuel costs which may increase
 the cost of distribution. If we are not able to pass this cost
 on to our customers, our financial condition and results of
 operations could be adversely affected.

 We
 May be Exposed to Risks and Costs Associated With Credit Card
 Fraud and Identity Theft That Would Cause us to Incur Unexpected
 Expenses and Loss of Revenues.

 A significant portion of our customer orders are placed through
 our websites. In addition, a significant portion of sales made
 through our retail stores require the collection of certain
 customer data, such as credit card information. In order for our
 sales channels to function and develop successfully, we and
 other parties involved in processing customer transactions must
 be able to transmit confidential information, including credit
 card information, securely over public networks. Third parties
 may have the technology or knowledge to breach the security of
 customer transaction data. Although we have security measures
 related to our systems and the privacy of our customers, we
 cannot guarantee these measures will effectively prevent others
 from obtaining unauthorized access to our information and our
 customers’ information. Any person who circumvents our
 security measures could destroy or steal valuable information or
 disrupt our operations. A security breach could cause customers
 to lose confidence in the security of our websites or stores and
 choose not to purchase from us. Any security breach could also
 expose us to risks of data loss, litigation and liability and
 could seriously disrupt operations and harm our reputation, any
 of which could adversely affect our financial condition and
 results of operations.

 In addition, states and the federal government are increasingly
 enacting laws and regulations to protect consumers against
 identity theft. These laws and regulations will likely increase
 the costs of doing business and if we fail to implement
 appropriate security measures, or to detect and provide prompt
 notice of unauthorized access as required by some of these laws
 and regulations, we could be subject to potential claims for
 damages and other remedies, which could adversely affect our
 business and results of operations.

 Modifications
 and/or Upgrades to Our Information Technology Systems May
 Disrupt Our Operations.

 We regularly evaluate our information technology systems and
 requirements and are currently implementing modifications
 and/or
 upgrades to the information technology systems that support our
 business. Modifications include replacing legacy systems with
 successor systems, making changes to legacy systems, or
 acquiring new systems with new functionality. We are aware of
 the inherent risks associated with replacing and modifying these
 systems, including inaccurate system information, system
 disruptions and user acceptance and understanding. We believe we
 are taking appropriate action to mitigate the risks through
 disciplined adherence to methodology, program management,
 testing and user involvement, as well as securing appropriate
 commercial contracts with third-party vendors supplying the
 replacement technologies. Information technology system
 disruptions and inaccurate system information, if not
 anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
 operations. Additionally, there is no assurance that a
 successfully implemented system will deliver the anticipated
 value to us.

 19

Table of Contents

 Our
 Facilities, Systems and Stores as Well as the Facilities and
 Systems of Our Vendors and Manufacturers, are Vulnerable to
 Natural Disasters and Other Unexpected Events, any of Which
 Could Result in an Interruption in Our Business and Adversely
 Affect Our Operating Results.

 Our retail stores, corporate offices, distribution centers,
 infrastructure projects and
 direct-to-consumer
 operations, as well as the operations of our vendors and
 manufacturers, are vulnerable to damage from earthquakes,
 tornadoes, hurricanes, fires, floods, power losses,
 telecommunications failures, hardware and software failures,
 computer viruses and similar events. If any of these events
 result in damage to our facilities, systems or stores, or the
 facilities or systems of our vendors or manufacturers, we may
 experience interruptions in our business until the damage is
 repaired, resulting in the potential loss of customers and
 revenues. In addition, we may incur costs in repairing any
 damage which exceeds our applicable insurance coverage.

 There is great uncertainty related to the earthquakes and the
 status of nuclear power plants in Japan. A continued
 interruption in business in Japan could have an adverse impact
 on our financial position or results of operations.

 Our
 Litigation Exposure Could Exceed Expectations, Having a Material
 Adverse Effect on Our Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations.

 We are involved, from
 time-to-time,
 in litigation incidental to our business, such as litigation
 regarding overtime compensation and other employment or wage and
 hour related matters. Management is unable to assess the
 potential exposure of the aforesaid matters. Our current
 exposure could change in the event of the discovery of damaging
 facts with respect to legal matters pending against us or
 determinations by judges, juries or other finders of fact that
 are not in accordance with management’s evaluation of the
 claims. Should management’s evaluation prove incorrect, our
 exposure could greatly exceed expectations and have a material
 adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
 or cash flows.

 Our
 Inability or Failure to Adequately Protect Our Trademarks Could
 Have a Negative Impact on Our Brand Image and Limit Our Ability
 to Penetrate New Markets.

 We believe our trademarks, Abercrombie &
 Fitch®,

 abercrombie
®,

 Hollister
 Co.
®,

 Gilly
 Hicks
®,

 Gilly Hicks
 Sydney
®

 and the “Moose,” “Seagull” and
 “Koala” logos, are an essential element of our
 strategy. We have obtained or applied for federal registration
 of these trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark
 Office and the registries of countries where stores are located
 or likely to be located in the future. In addition, we own
 registrations and pending applications for other trademarks in
 the U.S. and have applied for or obtained registrations
 from the registries in many foreign countries in which our
 stores or our manufacturers are located. There can be no
 assurance that we will obtain registrations that have been
 applied for or that the registrations we obtain will prevent the
 imitation of our products or infringement of our intellectual
 property rights by others. If any third party copies our
 products in a manner that projects lesser quality or carries a
 negative connotation, our brand image could be materially
 adversely affected.

 Because we have not yet registered all of our trademarks in all
 categories, or in all foreign countries in which we source or
 offer our merchandise now, or may in the future, our
 international expansion and our merchandising of products using
 these marks could be limited. For example, we cannot ensure that
 others will not try to block the manufacture, export or sale of
 our products as a violation of their trademarks or other
 proprietary rights. The pending applications for international
 registration of various trademarks could be challenged or
 rejected in those countries because third parties of whom we are
 not currently aware have

 20

Table of Contents

 already registered similar marks in those countries.
 Accordingly, it may be possible, in those foreign countries
 where the status of various applications is pending or unclear,
 for a third-party owner of the national trademark registration
 for a similar mark to prohibit the manufacture, sale or
 exportation of branded goods in or from that country. If we are
 unable to reach an arrangement with any such party, our
 manufacturers may be unable to manufacture our products, and we
 may be unable to sell in those countries. Our inability to
 register our trademarks or purchase or license the right to use
 our trademarks or logos in these jurisdictions could limit our
 ability to obtain supplies from, or manufacture in, less costly
 markets or penetrate new markets should our business plan
 include selling our merchandise in those
 non-U.S. jurisdictions.

 We have an anti-counterfeiting program, under the auspices of
 the Abercrombie & Fitch Brand Protection Team, whose
 goal is to eliminate the supply of illegal pieces of our
 products. The Brand Protection Team interacts with
 investigators, customs officials and law enforcement entities
 throughout the world to combat the illegal use of our
 trademarks. Although brand security initiatives are being taken,
 we cannot guarantee that our efforts against the counterfeiting
 of our brands will be successful.

 Fluctuations
 in Our Tax Obligations and Effective Tax Rate May Result in
 Volatility in Our Operating Results.

 We are subject to income taxes in many U.S. and certain
 foreign jurisdictions. In addition, our products are subject to
 import and excise duties
 and/or
 sales, consumption or value-added taxes (or “VAT”) in
 many jurisdictions. We record tax expense based on our estimates
 of future payments, which include reserves for estimates of
 probable settlements of foreign and domestic tax audits. At any
 one time, many tax years are subject to audit by various taxing
 jurisdictions. The results of these audits and negotiations with
 taxing authorities may affect the ultimate settlement of these
 issues. As a result, we expect that throughout the year there
 could be ongoing variability in our quarterly tax rates as
 taxable events occur and exposures are evaluated. In addition,
 our effective tax rate in any given financial statement period
 may be materially impacted by changes in the mix and level of
 earnings or by changes to existing accounting rules or
 regulations. Fluctuations in duties could also have a material
 impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash
 flows. In some international markets, we are required to hold
 and submit VAT to the appropriate local tax authorities. Failure
 to correctly calculate or submit the appropriate amounts could
 subject us to substantial fines and penalties that could have an
 adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
 or cash flows. In addition, tax legislation may be enacted in
 the future, domestically or abroad, that impacts our current or
 future tax structure and effective tax rate.

 The
 Effects of War or Acts of Terrorism Could Have a Material
 Adverse Effect on Our Operating Results and Financial
 Condition.

 The continued threat of terrorism and the associated heightened
 security measures and military actions in response to acts of
 terrorism have disrupted commerce and have intensified
 uncertainties in the U.S. economy. Any further acts of
 terrorism or a future war may disrupt commerce and undermine
 consumer confidence, which could negatively impact our sales
 revenue by causing consumer spending
 and/or mall
 traffic to decline. Furthermore, an act of terrorism or war, or
 the threat thereof, or any other unforeseen interruption of
 commerce, could negatively impact our business by interfering
 with our ability to obtain merchandise from foreign
 manufacturers. Our inability to obtain merchandise from our
 foreign manufacturers or substitute other manufacturers, at
 similar costs and in a timely manner, could adversely affect our
 operating results and financial condition.

 21

Table of Contents

 Our
 Inability to Obtain Commercial Insurance at Acceptable Prices or
 Our Failure to Adequately Reserve For Self-Insured Exposures
 Might Increase Our Expenses and Adversely Impact Our Financial
 Results.

 We believe that commercial insurance coverage is prudent for
 risk management in certain areas of our business. Insurance
 costs may increase substantially in the future and may be
 affected by natural catastrophes, fear of terrorism, financial
 irregularities and other fraud at publicly-held companies,
 intervention by the government and a decrease in the number of
 insurance carriers. In addition, the carriers with which we hold
 our policies may go out of business, or may be otherwise unable
 to fulfill their contractual obligations. Furthermore, for
 certain types or levels of risk, such as risks associated with
 earthquakes, hurricanes or terrorist attacks, we may determine
 that we cannot obtain commercial insurance at acceptable prices,
 if at all. Therefore, we may choose to forego or limit our
 purchase of relevant commercial insurance, choosing instead to
 self-insure one or more types or levels of risk. We are
 primarily self-insured for workers’ compensation and
 employee health benefits. If we suffer a substantial loss that
 is not covered by commercial insurance or our self-insurance
 reserves, the loss and attendant expenses could harm our
 business and operating results. In addition, exposures exist for
 which no insurance may be available and for which we have not
 reserved.

 Reduced
 Operating Results and Cash Flows at the Store Level May Cause us
 to Incur Impairment Charges.

 Long-lived assets, primarily property and equipment, are
 reviewed at the store level at least annually for impairment, or
 whenever changes in circumstances indicate that a full recovery
 of net asset values through future cash flows is in question.
 The review could result in significant charges related to
 underperforming stores which could impact our results of
 operations. Futhermore, our impairment review requires us to
 make estimates and projections regarding, but not limited to,
 future cash flows.

 We make certain estimates and projections in connection with
 impairment analyses for our store locations and other property
 and equipment. If these estimates or projections change or prove
 incorrect, we may be, and have been, required to record
 impairment charges on certain store locations and other property
 and equipment. We have recognized significant impairment charges
 in the past and may do so in the future. In Fiscal 2008 and
 Fiscal 2009, we recognized approximately $13.6 million and
 $31.4 million, respectively, in after-tax charges
 associated with the impairment of RUEHL-related stores assets;
 and we subsequently discontinued our RUEHL operations. In Fiscal
 2010, we recorded an after-tax charge of $30.9 million
 associated with Gilly Hicks stores, as well as certain other
 store-related assets. The Gilly Hicks charge relates to the
 stores constructed using the original large format store of
 approximately 10,000 gross square feet, and does not affect
 our operating plans for Gilly Hicks. In Fiscal 2008 and Fiscal
 2009, we recognized $5.4 million and $20.4 million,
 respectively, in after-tax charges associated with the
 impairment of store-related assets unrelated to RUEHL. As a
 result of these charges, our operating results have been, and in
 the future may be, adversely affected.

 We
 are Subject to Customs, Advertising, Consumer Protection,
 Privacy, Zoning and Occupancy and Labor and Employment Laws That
 Could Require us to Modify Our Current Business Practices, Incur
 Increased Costs or Harm Our Reputation if We do not
 Comply.

 We are subject to numerous laws and regulations, including
 customs,
 truth-in-advertising,
 consumer protection, general privacy, health information
 privacy, identity theft, online privacy, unsolicited commercial
 communication and zoning and occupancy laws and ordinances that
 regulate retailers generally

and/or
 govern the importation, promotion and sale of merchandise and
 the operation of retail stores and distribution centers. As our
 business becomes more international in scope and we enter more
 countries internationally, the number of

 22

Table of Contents

 laws and regulations that we are subject to, as well as their
 scope and reach, increases significantly and heightens our
 risks. If these laws and regulations were to change, or were
 violated by our management, employees, suppliers, vendors or
 other parties with whom we do business, the costs of certain
 merchandise could increase, or we could experience delays in
 shipments of our merchandise, be subject to fines or penalties,
 or suffer reputational harm, which could reduce demand for our
 merchandise and adversely affect our business and results of
 operations. Failure to protect personally identifiable
 information of our customers or associates could subject us to
 considerable reputational harm as well as significant fines,
 penalties and sanctions both domestically and abroad. In
 addition, changes in federal, state and international minimum
 wage laws and other laws relating to employee benefits could
 cause us to incur additional wage and benefits costs, which
 could hurt our profitability. We are also subject to
 U.S. securities laws and regulations as well as stock
 exchange rules which could subject us to enforcement actions,
 de-listing and adverse legal sanctions for non-compliance.

 Changes
 in the Regulatory or Compliance Landscape Could Adversely Affect
 Our Business and Results of Operations.

 Laws and regulations at the state, federal and international
 levels frequently change, and the ultimate cost of compliance
 cannot be precisely estimated. In addition, we cannot predict
 the impact that may result from changes in the regulatory
 landscape. Any changes in regulations, the imposition of
 additional regulations, or the enactment of any new or more
 stringent legislation including those related to health care,
 taxes, transportation and logistics, privacy, environmental
 issues, trade, product safety or employment and labor, could
 adversely affect our business and results of operations.

 Our
 Unsecured Credit Agreement Includes Financial and Other
 Covenants That Impose Restrictions on Our Financial and Business
 Operations.

 Our unsecured credit agreement expires on April 12, 2013
 and market conditions could potentially impact the size and
 terms of a replacement facility.

 In addition, our unsecured credit agreement contains financial
 covenants that require us to maintain a minimum coverage ratio
 and a maximum leverage ratio. If we fail to comply with the
 covenants and are unable to obtain a waiver or amendment, an
 event of default would result, and the lenders could declare
 outstanding borrowings immediately due and payable. If that
 should occur, we cannot guarantee that we would have sufficient
 liquidity at that time to repay or refinance borrowings under
 the unsecured credit agreement.

 The inability to obtain credit on commercially reasonable terms,
 or a default under the current unsecured credit agreement, could
 adversely impact our liquidity and results of operations.

 Our
 Operations may be Affected by Regulatory Changes Related to
 Climate Change and Greenhouse Gas Emissions.

 Our operations may be affected by regulatory changes related to
 climate change and greenhouse gas emissions. We are uncertain
 how the U.S. and international economies will be affected
 by potential legislation and public reactions. As a result, the
 effect this could have on our operations is presently unknown.