Investment in our common stock is subject to various risks, including risks and uncertainties inherent in our business. The following sets forth factors related to our business, operations, financial position or future financial performance or cash flows which could cause an investment in our securities to decline and result in a loss

We are subject to a number of lawsuits, including various lawsuits relating to the explosion at the Upper Big Branch mine, which, depending on the outcome, could have adverse financial effects or cause reputational harm to us.

A number of legal actions are pending relating to past safety conditions at former Massey mines, the April 2010 explosion at the Upper Big Branch mine, which we refer to as the UBB explosion, and other related matters, including accusations of securities fraud. Although in December 2011, we entered into a Non-Prosecution Agreement and settlement resolving a number of these matters in which we agreed to various measures and commitments totaling approximately $209 million (see “Legal Proceedings”), a number of legal actions remain outstanding, and it is possible that other actions may be brought in the future.

In particular, we are subject to two purported class actions that allege violations of the federal securities laws, derivative actions against current and former Massey directors and officers and actions brought by certain of the families of the twenty-nine miners that died in the UBB explosion and certain employees and contractors alleging injuries as a result of the UBB explosion.

In addition, two former Massey employees have been convicted of federal criminal charges 
and one former Massey employee, who was hired by a 
subsidiary of the Company following the Massey Acquisition and has since been placed on administrative leave, has been charged with a federal criminal conspiracy.
 Massey’s former officers, directors and employees may continue to be subject to future actions and claims. Under the Merger Agreement, we agreed to leave in place and not to modify those provisions granting rights to indemnification and exculpation from liabilities for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the effective time of the Massey Acquisition and related rights to the advancement of expenses in favor of any current or former director, officer, employee or agent of Massey contained in the organizational documents of Massey and its subsidiaries and certain related indemnification agreements.

The outcomes of these pending and potential cases and claims are uncertain. Depending on the outcome, these actions could have adverse financial effects or cause reputational harm to us. We may not resolve these actions favorably, may agree to settle or may not be successful in implementing remedial safety measures that may be imposed as a result of some of these actions and/or investigations.

Any change in coal consumption patterns by steel producers or North American electric power generators resulting in a decrease in the use of coal by those consumers could result in less demand and lower prices for our coal, which would reduce our revenues and adversely impact our earnings and the value of our coal reserves.

Steam coal accounted for approximately 82% and 86% of our coal sales volume during 2011 and 2010, respectively. The majority of our sales of steam coal were to U.S. and Canadian electric power generators. The amount of coal consumed for U.S. and Canadian electric power generation is affected primarily by the overall demand for electricity, the location, availability, quality and price of competing fuels for power such as natural gas, nuclear fuel, oil and alternative energy sources such as hydroelectric power, technological developments, and environmental and other governmental regulations. We expect many new power plants will be built to produce electricity during peak periods of demand, when the demand for electricity rises above the “base load demand,” or minimum amount of electricity required if consumption occurred at a steady rate. However, we also expect that many of these new power plants will be fired by natural gas because they are cheaper to construct than coal-fired plants and because natural gas is a cleaner burning fuel with plentiful supplies and low cost at the current time. In addition, the increasingly stringent requirements of the Clean Air Act may result in more electric power generators shifting from coal to natural gas-fired power plants. These factors contributed to our recent decision to reduce coal production at certain mines in the Central Appalachia region. Any further reduction in the amount of coal consumed by North American electric power generators could further reduce the price of steam coal that we mine and sell, thereby reducing our revenues and adversely impacting our earnings and the value of our coal reserves.

We produce metallurgical coal that is used in both the U.S. and foreign steel industries. Metallurgical coal accounted for approximately 18% and 14% of our coal sales volume during 2011 and 2010, respectively.  Any deterioration in conditions in the U.S. steel industry would reduce the demand for our metallurgical coal and could impact the collectability of our accounts receivable from U.S. steel industry customers. In addition, the U.S. steel industry increasingly relies on electric arc furnaces or pulverized coal processes to make steel. These processes do not use coke. If this trend continues, the amount of metallurgical coal that we sell and the prices that we receive for it could decrease, thereby reducing our revenues and adversely impacting our earnings and the value of our coal reserves. If the demand and pricing for metallurgical coal in international markets decreases in the future, the amount of metallurgical coal that we sell and the prices that we receive for it could decrease, thereby reducing our revenues and adversely impacting our earnings and the value of our coal reserves.

A substantial or extended decline in coal prices could reduce our revenues and the value of our coal reserves.

Our results of operations are substantially dependent upon the prices we receive for our coal. The prices we receive for coal depend upon factors beyond our control, including:

31

Table of Contents

·

air emission standards for coal-fired power plants;

·

the supply of and demand for domestic and foreign coal;

·

the demand for electricity;

·

domestic and foreign demand for steel and the continued financial viability of the domestic and foreign steel industry;

·

interruptions due to transportation delays;

·

domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes;

·

regulatory, administrative, and judicial decisions;

·

the price and availability of alternative fuels, including the effects of technological developments;

·

the effect of worldwide energy conservation measures; and

·

the proximity to, capacity of, and cost of transportation and port facilities.

Declines in the prices we receive for our coal could adversely affect our operating results and our ability to generate the cash flows we require to improve our productivity and invest in our operations.

Our mining operations are extensively regulated, which imposes significant costs on us, and future regulations or violations of regulations could increase those costs or limit our ability to produce coal.

Our operations are subject to a variety of federal, state and local environmental, health and safety, transportation, labor and other laws and regulations. Examples include those relating to employee health and safety; emissions to air and discharges to water; plant and wildlife protection; the reclamation and restoration of properties after mining or other activity has been completed; the storage, treatment and disposal of wastes; remediation of contaminated soil, surface and groundwater; surface subsidence from underground mining; noise; and the effects of operations on surface water and groundwater quality and availability. In addition, we are subject to significant legislation mandating certain benefits for current and retired coal miners. We incur substantial costs to comply with the laws and regulations that apply to our mining and other operations. Due in part to the extensive and comprehensive regulatory requirements, violations of laws, regulations and permits occur at our operations from time to time and may result in significant costs to us to correct the violations, as well as substantial civil or criminal penalties and limitations or shutdowns of our operations.

Federal and state authorities inspect our operations, and given the UBB explosion and related announcements by government authorities, we anticipate additional requirements may be imposed and heightened inspection intensity. In response to the explosion, federal and West Virginia authorities have announced special inspections of coal mines for, among other safety concerns, the accumulation of coal dust and the proper ventilation of gases such as methane. Certain of these inspections have already occurred. In addition, both the federal government and the state of West Virginia have announced that they are considering changes to mine safety rules and regulations, which could potentially result in or require additional or enhanced safety features, more frequent mine inspections, stricter enforcement practices and enhanced reporting requirements.

The costs, liabilities and requirements associated with addressing the outcome of inspections and complying with these environmental, health and safety requirements are often significant and time-consuming and may delay commencement or continuation of exploration or production. For example, in December 2011, we entered into a comprehensive settlement with MSHA in which we resolved various outstanding MSHA civil citations, violations and orders related to the UBB explosion and other matters for approximately $34.8 million (see “Legal Proceedings”). Additionally, MSHA may further utilize the temporary closure provisions at mines in the event of certain violations of safety rules. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

In addition, these laws and regulations require us to obtain numerous governmental permits. Many of our permits are subject to renewal from time to time, and renewed permits may contain more restrictive conditions than our existing permits. Many of our permits governing discharges to or impacts upon surface streams and groundwater will be subject to new and more stringent conditions to address various new water quality requirements that permitting authorities are now required to address when those permits are renewed over the next several years. To obtain new permits, we may have to petition to have stream quality designations changed based on available data, and if we are unsuccessful, we may not be able to operate the facility as planned or at all. Although we have no estimates at this time, our costs to satisfy such conditions could be substantial. We may also be required under certain permits to provide authorities data pertaining to the effect or impact that a proposed exploration for or production of coal may have on the environment.

In recent years, the permitting required for coal mining, particularly under the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act and the Clean Water Act to address filling ephemeral and intermittent streams and other valleys with materials from mountaintop coal mining operations and preparation plant refuse disposal has been the subject of increasingly stringent regulatory and administrative requirements and extensive litigation by environmental groups against coal mining companies and environmental regulatory authorities. Congress has also considered legislation to impose additional limitations on surface mining. It is unclear at this time how the issues will ultimately be resolved, but for this as well as other issues that may arise involving permits necessary for coal mining and other operation, such requirements could prove costly and time-consuming, and could delay commencing or continuing exploration or production operations. New laws and regulations, as well as future 

32

Table of Contents

interpretations or different enforcement of existing laws and regulations, may require substantial increases in equipment and operating costs to us and delays, interruptions or a termination of operations, the extent of which we cannot predict.

Extensive regulation of these matters has had and will continue to have a significant effect on our costs of production and competitive position. Further legislation, regulations or enforcement may also cause our sales or profitability to decline by hindering our ability to continue our mining operations, by increasing our costs or by causing coal to become a less attractive fuel source. See Item 1 “Business—Environmental and Other Regulatory Matters.”

Climate change initiatives could significantly reduce the demand for coal, increase our costs and reduce the value of our coal and gas assets.

Global climate change continues to attract considerable public and scientific attention with widespread concern about the impacts of human activity, especially the emissions of GHGs, such as carbon dioxide and methane. Combustion of fossil fuels, such as the coal and gas we produce, results in the creation of carbon dioxide that is currently emitted into the atmosphere by coal and gas end users, such as coal-fired electric generation power plants. Our underground mines emit methane, which must be expelled for safety reasons.

Considerable and increasing government attention in the United States and other countries is being paid to reducing GHG emissions, including CO
2
 emissions from coal-fired power plants and methane emissions from mining operations. Although the United States has not ratified the Kyoto Protocol to the 1992 United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (“UNFCCC”), which became effective for many countries in 2005 and establishes a binding set of emission targets for GHG, the United States is actively participating in various international initiatives within and outside of the UNFCCC process to negotiate developed and developing nation commitments for GHG emission reductions and related financing. In particular, the Durban Platform for Enhanced Action, as agreed to by the United States and 193 other countries in December 2011 at the 17
th
 UNFCCC, calls for a second phase of the Kyoto Protocol’s GHG emissions restrictions to be effective through 2020 and for a new international treaty to come into effect and be implemented from 2020.  Any international GHG agreement in which the United States participates, if at all, could adversely affect the price and demand for coal.

U.S. legislative and regulatory action also may address GHG emissions. At the federal level, Congress actively considered in the past, and may consider in the future, legislation that would establish a nationwide GHG emissions cap-and-trade or other market-based program to reduce GHG emissions. The EPA also has commenced regulatory action that could lead to controls on carbon dioxide from larger emitters such as coal-fired power plants and industrial sources. In advance of federal action, state and regional climate change initiatives, such as the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative of eastern states, the Western Regional Climate Action Initiative, and recently enacted legislation in California and other states are taking effect before federal action. In addition, some states and municipalities in the United States have adopted or may adopt in the future regulations on GHG emissions. Some states and municipal entities have commenced litigation in different jurisdictions seeking to have certain utilities, including some of our customers, reduce their emission of carbon dioxide. Apart from governmental regulation, in February 2008, three of Wall Street’s largest investment banks announced that they had adopted climate change guidelines for lenders. The guidelines require the evaluation of carbon risks in the financing of utility power plants which may make it more difficult for utilities to obtain financing for coal-fired plants.

Considerable uncertainty is associated with these climate change initiatives. The content of new treaties, legislation or regulation is not yet determined, and many of the new regulatory initiatives remain subject to review by the agencies or the courts. Predicting the economic effects of climate change legislation is difficult given the various alternatives proposed and the complexities of the interactions between economic and environmental issues. Any regulations on GHG emissions, however, are likely to impose significant emissions control expenditures on many coal-fired power plants and industrial boilers and could have the effect of making them unprofitable. As a result, these generators may switch to other fuels that generate less of these emissions, possibly reducing future demand for coal and the construction of coal-fired power plants. In this regard, many of our coal supply agreements contain provisions that allow a purchaser to terminate its contract if legislation is passed that either restricts the use or type of coal permissible at the purchaser’s plant or results in specified increases in the cost of coal or its use to comply with applicable ambient air quality standards. Any switching of fuel sources away from coal, closure of existing coal-fired plants, or reduced construction of new plants could have a material adverse effect on demand for and prices received for our coal and a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, if regulation of GHG emissions does not exempt the release of coalbed methane, we may have to curtail coal production, pay higher taxes, or incur costs to purchase credits that permit us to continue operations as they now exist at our underground coal mines.

Other extensive environmental regulations also could affect our customers and could reduce the demand for coal as a fuel source and cause our sales to decline.

The operations of our customers are subject to extensive laws and regulations relating to emissions to air and discharges to water, plant and wildlife protection, the storage, treatment and disposal of wastes, and permitting of operations. These requirements are a significant part of the costs of their respective businesses, and their costs are increasing as environmental requirements become more stringent.  These requirements could adversely affect our sales by causing coal to become a less attractive fuel source of energy.

33

Table of Contents

In particular, the Clean Air Act and similar state and local laws extensively regulate the amount of sulfur dioxide, particulate matter, nitrogen oxides, mercury and other compounds emitted into the air from electric power plants, which are the largest end-users of our coal. See Item 1 “Business—Environmental and Other Regulatory Matters.” A series of more stringent requirements are expected to become effective in coming years. These requirements include implementation of the current and more stringent proposed ambient air quality standards for particulate matter and ozone, the EPA’s projected rule to limit emissions of mercury and other hazardous air pollutants from power plants, and implementation of the EPA’s final Cross-State Air Pollution Transport Rule (the “Rule”) issued in July 2011 to further control nitrogen oxides and sulfur dioxide emissions from power plants in 27 eastern states (including Texas). The EPA estimates that the Rule will impose a 54 percent reduction in nitrogen oxides emissions and a 73 percent reduction in sulfur dioxide emissions from 2005 levels in the covered states. The Rule includes an interstate emissions allowance trading approach and would be phased in during 2012 and 2014; however, the Rule currently is subject to a stay pending judicial review. Further, in December 2011, the EPA issued its final Mercury and Air Toxics Standards that would impose stringent limits on emissions of mercury and other hazardous air pollutants from power plants.

Such new regulations may require significant emissions control expenditures for coal-fired power plants and therefore could increase the costs of coal use by our customers. Any switching of fuel sources away from coal because of increased costs of coal use or other reasons, closure of existing coal-fired plants, or reduced construction of new plants could have a material effect on demand for and prices received for our coal, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

MSHA and state regulators may order certain of our mines to be temporarily closed or operations therein modified, which would adversely affect our ability to meet our contracts or projected costs.

MSHA and state regulators may order certain of our mines to be temporarily closed due to investigations of accidents resulting in property damage or injuries, or due to other incidents such as fires, roof falls, water flow and equipment failure or ventilation concerns. In addition, regulators may order changes to mine plans or operations due to their interpretation or application of existing or new laws or regulations. Any required changes to mine plans or operations may result in temporary idling of production or addition of costs.

Our coal mining production and delivery is subject to conditions and events beyond our control, which could result in higher operating expenses and decreased production and sales and adversely affect our operating results and could result in impairments to our assets

.

A majority of our coal mining operations are conducted in underground mines and the balance of our operations is at surface mines. Our coal production at these mines is subject to operating conditions and events beyond our control that could disrupt operations, affect production and the cost of mining for varying lengths of time and have a significant impact on our operating results. Adverse operating conditions and events that we have experienced in the past and may experience in the future include:

·

the termination of material contracts by state or other governmental authorities;

·

changes or variations in geologic conditions, such as the thickness of the coal deposits and the amount of rock embedded in or overlying the coal deposit;

·

mining, processing and loading equipment failures and unexpected maintenance problems;

·

limited availability of mining, processing and loading equipment and parts from suppliers;

·

the proximity to, capacity of, and cost of transportation facilities;

·

adverse weather and natural disasters, such as heavy snows, heavy rains and flooding or hurricanes;

·

accidental mine water discharges;

·

coal slurry releases and impoundment failures;

·

the unavailability of qualified labor;

·

strikes and other labor-related interruptions; and

·

unexpected mine safety accidents, including fires and explosions from methane and other sources.

If any of these conditions or events occur in the future at any of our mines or affect deliveries of our coal to customers, they may increase our cost of mining and delay or halt production or sales to our customers either permanently or for varying lengths of time, which could adversely affect our operating results and could result in impairments to our assets.

We maintain insurance policies that provide limited coverage for some, but not all, of these risks. Even where insurance coverage applies, these risks may not be fully covered by insurance policies and insurers may contest their obligations to make payments. Failures by insurers to make payments could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations or financial condition.

We may be unable to obtain and renew permits necessary for our operations, which would reduce our production, cash flows and profitability.

34

Table of Contents

Mining companies must obtain numerous permits that impose strict conditions on various environmental and safety matters in connection with coal mining. These include permits issued by various federal and state agencies and regulatory bodies. The permitting rules are complex and may change over time, making our ability to comply with the applicable requirements more difficult or impractical, possibly precluding the continuance of ongoing operations or the development of future mining operations. The public, including special interest groups and individuals, have certain rights under various statutes to comment upon, submit objections to, and otherwise engage in the permitting process, including bringing citizens’ lawsuits to challenge such permits or mining activities.  Accordingly, required permits may not be issued or renewed in a timely fashion (or at all), or permits issued or renewed may be conditioned in a manner that may restrict our ability to efficiently conduct our mining activities.  Such inefficiencies would likely reduce our production, cash flows, and profitability.

In particular, certain of our activities involving valley fills, ponds or impoundments, refuse, road building, placement of excess material, and other mine development activities require a Section 404 dredge and fill permit from the Army Corps of Engineers (the “COE”) and a Section 401 certification or its equivalent from the state in which the mining activities are proposed. In recent years, the Section 404 permitting process has faced increasingly stringent regulatory and administrative requirements and a series of court challenges that have resulted in increased costs and delays in the permitting process. In September 2009, the EPA announced it had identified 79 pending permit applications for Appalachian surface coal mining, under a coordination process with the COE and the United States Department of the Interior entered into in June 2009, that the EPA believes warrant further review because of its continuing concerns about water quality and/or regulatory compliance issues. These included ten of our permit applications, at least six of which have been withdrawn. The coordination process now has been revoked.  Further, while the EPA has stated that its identification of these 79 permit applications does not constitute a determination that the mining involved cannot be permitted under the Clean Water Act and does not constitute a final recommendation from the EPA to the COE on these projects, it is uncertain how long the further review will take for our four subject permit applications or what the final outcome will be. It is also unclear what impact this process may have on the types of conditions or restrictions that will be imposed on our future applications for surface coal mining permits and surface facilities at underground mines. Increasingly stringent requirements governing coal mining also are being considered or implemented under the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act, the National Pollution Discharge Elimination System permit process, and various other environmental programs. Future changes or challenges to the permitting process could cause additional increases in the costs, time, and difficulty associated with obtaining and complying with the permits, and could, as a result, adversely affect our coal production, cash flows and profitability.

Our operations may impact the environment or cause exposure to hazardous substances, and our properties may have environmental contamination, which could result in material liabilities to us.

Our operations, including our acquired companies, currently use and have used in the past, hazardous materials, and from time to time we generate and have generated in the past, limited quantities of hazardous wastes. We may be subject to claims under federal or state statutes or common law doctrines for toxic torts, natural resource damages and other damages as well as for the investigation and clean up of soil, surface water, sediments, groundwater, and other natural resources. Such claims may arise out of current or former conditions at sites that we own or operate currently, as well as at sites that we and our acquired companies owned or operated in the past, and at contaminated sites that have always been owned or operated by third parties. Our liability for such claims may be joint and several, so that we may be held responsible for more than our share of the contamination or other damages, or even for the entire share.

We maintain extensive coal slurry impoundments at a number of our mines. Such impoundments are subject to extensive regulation. Slurry impoundments maintained by other coal mining operations have been known to fail, causing extensive damage to the environment and natural resources, as well as liability for related personal injuries and property damages. Some of our impoundments overlie mined out areas, which can pose a heightened risk of failure and of damages arising out of failure. If one of our impoundments were to fail, we could be subject to substantial claims for the resulting environmental contamination and associated liability, as well as for fines and penalties. The failure of the fly ash impoundment at the Tennessee Valley Authority’s Kingston Power Plant, which is not regulated in the same manner as our slurry impoundments, could result in additional scrutiny of our impoundments.

These and other unforeseen environmental impacts that our operations may have, as well as exposures to hazardous substances or wastes associated with our operations, could result in costs and liabilities that could materially and adversely affect our business.

Also, see Item 1 “Business Environmental and Other Regulatory Matters” for discussion related to “Superfund” and “RCRA.”

Mining in Central and Northern Appalachia is more complex and involves more regulatory constraints than mining in other areas of the United States, which could affect our mining operations and cost structures in these areas.

The geological characteristics of Northern and Central Appalachian coal reserves, such as depth of overburden and coal seam thickness, make them complex and costly to mine. As mines become depleted, replacement reserves may not be available when required or, if available, may not be capable of being mined at costs comparable to those characteristic of the depleting mines. In addition, as compared to mines in the Powder River Basin, permitting, licensing and other environmental and regulatory requirements are more costly and time consuming to satisfy. These factors could materially adversely affect the mining operations and cost structures of, and our customers’ ability to use coal produced by, our mines in Northern and Central Appalachia.

35

Table of Contents

Competition within the coal industry may adversely affect our ability to sell coal, and excess production capacity in the industry could put downward pressure on coal prices.

We compete with numerous other coal producers in various regions of the United States for domestic and international sales. When there is increased demand in the marketplace for coal or certain types of coal, the prices for such coal increases. In such 
circumstances,
 any resulting overcapacity could reduce coal prices and therefore reduce our revenues.

Demand for our higher sulfur coal and the price that we can obtain for it is impacted by, among other things, the changing laws with respect to allowable emissions and the price of emission allowances. Significant increases in the price of those allowances could reduce the competitiveness of higher sulfur coal at plants not equipped to reduce sulfur dioxide emissions. Competition from low sulfur coal and possibly natural gas could result in a decrease in the higher-sulfur coal market share and revenues from some of our operations.

Demand for our low sulfur coal and the prices that we can obtain for it are also affected by, among other things, the price of emissions allowances. Decreases in the prices of these emissions allowances could make low sulfur coal less attractive to our customers. In addition, more widespread installation by electric utilities of technology that reduces sulfur emissions (which could be accelerated by increases in the prices of emissions allowances), may make high sulfur coal more competitive with our low sulfur coal. This competition could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We also compete in international markets against coal produced in other countries. Measured by tons sold, exports accounted for approximately 15% and 11% of our sales in 2011 and 2010, respectively. The demand for U.S. coal exports is dependent upon a number of factors outside of our control, including the overall demand for electricity in foreign markets, currency exchange rates, the demand for foreign-produced steel both in foreign markets and in the U.S. market (which is dependent in part on tariff rates on steel), general economic conditions in foreign countries, technological developments, and environmental and other governmental regulations. For example, if the value of the U.S. dollar were to rise against other currencies in the future, our coal would become relatively more expensive and less competitive in international markets, which could reduce our foreign sales and negatively impact our revenues and net income. In addition, if the amount of coal exported from the United States were to decline, this decline could cause competition among coal producers in the United States to intensify, potentially resulting in additional downward pressure on domestic coal prices.

Overcapacity in the coal industry, both domestically and internationally, may affect the price we receive for our coal. For example, in the past, increased demand for coal and attractive pricing brought new investors to the coal industry and promoted the development of new mines. These factors resulted in added production capacity throughout the industry, which led to increased competition and lower coal prices.

We face numerous uncertainties in estimating our economically recoverable coal reserves, and inaccuracies in our estimates could result in lower than expected revenues, higher than expected costs or decreased profitability.

We base our reserve information on engineering, economic and geological data assembled and analyzed by our staff, which includes various engineers and geologists, and which is periodically reviewed by outside firms. The reserve estimates as to both quantity and quality are annually updated to reflect production of coal from the reserves and new drilling, engineering or other data received. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities and qualities of and costs to mine recoverable reserves, including many factors beyond our control. Estimates of economically recoverable coal reserves and net cash flows necessarily depend upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, such as geological and mining conditions which may not be fully identified by available exploration data or which may differ from experience in current operations, historical production from the area compared with production from other similar producing areas, the assumed effects of regulation and taxes by governmental agencies and assumptions concerning coal prices, operating costs, mining technology improvements, severance and excise tax, development costs and reclamation costs, all of which may vary considerably from actual results.

For these reasons, estimates of the economically recoverable quantities and qualities attributable to any particular group of properties, classifications of reserves based on risk of recovery and estimates of net cash flows expected from particular reserves prepared by different engineers or by the same engineers at different times may vary substantially.  In addition, actual coal tonnage recovered from identified reserve areas or properties and revenues and expenditures with respect to our reserves may vary materially from estimates. These estimates thus may not accurately reflect our actual reserves. Any inaccuracy in our estimates related to our reserves could result in lower than expected revenues, higher than expected costs or decreased profitability.

Our ability to operate our company effectively could be impaired if we fail to attract and retain key personnel.

Our ability to operate our business and implement our strategies depends, in part, on the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees.  In addition, our future success will depend on, among other factors, our ability to attract and retain other qualified personnel.  The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other key employees or the inability to attract or retain other qualified personnel in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business or business prospects.

36

Table of Contents

Due to our participation in multi-employer pension plans, we may have exposure under those plans that extend beyond what our obligation would be with respect to our employees.

We contribute to a multi-employer defined benefit pension plan (the “Plan”) administered by the UMWA. In 2011, our total contributions to the Plan and other contractual payments under our UMWA wage agreement were approximately $18.9 million.

In the event of a partial or complete withdrawal by us from any plan which is underfunded, we would be liable for a proportionate share of such plan’s unfunded vested benefits. Based on the information available from plan administrators, we believe that our portion of the contingent liability in the case of a full withdrawal or termination would be material to our financial position and results of operations. In the event that any other contributing employer withdraws from any plan which is underfunded, and such employer (or any member in its controlled group) cannot satisfy its obligations under the plan at the time of withdrawal, then we, along with the other remaining contributing employers, would be liable for our proportionate share of such plan’s unfunded vested benefits.

The Pension Protection Act of 2006 (“PPA”) requires a minimum funding ratio of 80% be maintained for the Plan and if the Plan is determined to have a funding ratio of less than 80%, it will be deemed to be “seriously endangered”, and if less than 65% it will be deemed to be “critical”, and in either case will be subject to additional funding requirements. In October 2010, we received notice that the Plan is considered to be in seriously endangered status for the July 1, 2010 Plan year because the actuary determined that the Plan’s funding percentage is less than 80%, and the Plan is projected to have an accumulated funding deficiency by the Plan year beginning July 1, 2017.  The PPA requires the Plan to adopt a funding improvement plan that may include increased contributions. Such increased contributions could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Our defined benefit pension plans are currently underfunded and we may have to make significant cash payments to the plans, reducing the cash available for our business.

We sponsor defined benefit pension plans in the United States for certain salaried and non-union hourly employees. For these plans, for 2011, the PPA generally establishes a funding target of 100% of the present value of accrued benefits. Generally, a plan with a funding ratio below the prescribed target is subject to additional contributions requirements (amortization of funding shortfalls). Furthermore, any such plan with a funding ratio of less than 80% will be deemed at risk and will be subject to even higher funding requirements under the PPA. In addition, the value of existing assets held in our pension trust is affected by changes in the economic environment. As a result, we may be required to make significant cash contributions into the pension trust in order to comply with the funding requirements of the PPA. In 2011 we contributed $70.4 million to our pension plans. We currently expect to make contributions in 2012 in the range of $25.0 million to $30.0 million for our defined benefit retirement plans to maintain at least an 80% funding ratio.

As of December 31, 2011, our annual measurement date, our salaried and hourly pension plans were underfunded by $174.7 million. These pension plans are subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (“ERISA”). Under ERISA, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, (“PBGC”), has the authority to terminate an underfunded pension plan under limited circumstances. In the event our U.S. pension plans are terminated for any reason while the plans are underfunded, we may incur a liability to the PBGC that could exceed the entire amount of the underfunding.

Changes in federal or state income tax laws, particularly in the area of percentage depletion, could cause our financial position and profitability to deteriorate.

The federal government has been reviewing the income tax laws relating to the coal industry regarding percentage depletion benefits. If the percentage depletion tax benefit is reduced or eliminated, our cash flows, results of operations or financial condition could be materially impacted.

Recent healthcare legislation could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (“PPACA”) was enacted, potentially impacting our costs to provide healthcare benefits to our eligible active and certain retired employees and workers’ compensation benefits related to occupational disease resulting from coal workers’ pneumoconiosis (black lung disease). The PPACA has both short-term and long-term implications on benefit plan standards. Implementation of this legislation is planned to occur in phases, with plan standard changes taking effect beginning in 2010, but to a greater extent with the 2011 benefit plan year and extending through 2018.

In the short term, our healthcare costs could increase due to raising the maximum age for covered dependents to receive benefits, changes to benefits for occupational disease related illnesses, the elimination of lifetime dollar limits per covered individual and restrictions of annual dollar limits per covered individual, among other standard requirements. In the long term, our healthcare costs could increase due to an excise tax on “high cost” plans and the elimination of annual dollar limits per covered individual, among other standard requirements.

37

Table of Contents

The healthcare benefits that we provide to our represented employees and retirees are stipulated by law and by labor agreements. Healthcare benefit changes required by the healthcare legislation will be included in any new labor agreements. Beginning in 2018, the PPACA will impose a 40% excise tax on employers to the extent that the value of their healthcare plan coverage exceeds certain dollar thresholds. We anticipate that certain government agencies will provide additional regulations or interpretations concerning the application of this excise tax. We currently have $35.2 million accrued as of December 31, 2011 for the estimated impact of the PPACA included in our retiree welfare plan obligation. We anticipate that certain government agencies will provide additional regulations or interpretations concerning the application of this excise tax. We will need to continue to evaluate the impact of the PPACA in future periods, and when these regulations or interpretations are published, we will evaluate its assumptions in light of the new information.

Our work force could become increasingly unionized in the future and our unionized or union-free hourly work force could strike, which could adversely affect the stability of our production and reduce our profitability.

Approximately 90% of our 2011 coal production came from mines operated by union-free employees. As of December 31, 2011, approximately 90% of our workforce is union-free. However, employees have the right at any time under the National Labor Relations Act to form or affiliate with a union. Any further unionization of our employees, or the employees of third-party contractors who mine coal for us, could adversely affect the stability of our production and reduce our profitability.

Two of our Pennsylvania subsidiaries have separate wage agreements with the UMWA. New wage agreements were negotiated in July 2011 that cover 1,116 employees (563 and 553 employees, respectively) and will expire on December 31, 2016. Additionally, there is an agreement between Emerald Coal Resources, LP (“Emerald”) and the UMWA on behalf of the five employees working at the warehouse for Emerald, which was renewed during 2011 and will also expire in December 2016. Another Pennsylvania subsidiary has a wage agreement with the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (“IBEW”) covering six employees. This agreement expires in August 2013.

One of our Virginia subsidiaries has two contracts with the UMWA that cover 135 employees.  Two new collective bargaining agreements were ratified by those covered employees in May 2010.  Those agreements will expire in December 2014.

One of our West Virginia subsidiaries has a wage agreement with the UMWA, covering 19 employees that was re-negotiated during 2011 and will expire on December 31, 2016. Also, another West Virginia subsidiary, which is idle, has a wage agreement with the UMWA that could be terminated by our subsidiary or the UMWA with notice but since it is idle, no employees are affected at this time. However, if the operation becomes active again, these employees could be affected.

The hourly workforce at the Wabash mine in southern Illinois was represented by the UMWA prior to its idling in 2007. The effects of the idling were the subject of an agreement with the UMWA signed in April 2007.

Massey had four West Virginia subsidiaries and one Kentucky subsidiary with expired wage agreements with the UMWA at the time of the Massey Acquisition. Since the Massey Acquisition, new wage agreements have been negotiated at each of those subsidiaries. The new agreements with the Goals and Omar subsidiaries in West Virginia and the Long Fork subsidiary in Kentucky cover 40 employees (15, 11 and 14, respectively) and will expire in December 2016. Two other wage agreements covering 50 employees at the Bandmill and Power Mountain subsidiaries (30 and 20 employees, respectively) will expire on June 30, 2017.

As is the case with our union-free operations, the UMWA and IBEW represented employees could strike, which would disrupt our production, increase our costs, and disrupt shipments of coal to our customers, or result in the closure of affected mines due to a strike by the workers or a lockout by mine management, which could reduce our profitability.

38

Table of Contents

A shortage of skilled labor in the mining industry could pose a risk to achieving improved labor productivity and competitive costs and could adversely affect our profitability.

Efficient coal mining using modern techniques and equipment requires skilled laborers, preferably with at least a year of experience and proficiency in multiple mining tasks. In recent years, a shortage of trained coal miners has caused us to operate certain units without full staff, which decreases our productivity and increases our costs. If the shortage of experienced labor continues or worsens, it could have an adverse impact on our labor productivity and costs and our ability to expand production in the event there is an increase in the demand for our coal, which could adversely affect our profitability.

Acquisitions that we have completed since our formation, as well as the Massey Acquisition and other acquisitions that we may undertake in the future, involve a number of risks, any of which could cause us not to realize the anticipated benefits.

We continually seek to expand our operations and coal reserves through acquisitions, and our ability to grow depends in part on our ability to identify, negotiate, complete and integrate suitable acquisitions. In the past five years, we have completed significant acquisitions and several smaller acquisitions and investments. Our ability to complete acquisitions is subject to the availability of attractive targets that can be successfully integrated into our existing business and that will provide us with complementary capabilities, products or services on terms acceptable to us, as well as general market conditions, among other things.

Following an acquisition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to manage effectively the integration of the acquired company, business or properties and the resulting expansion of our operations or that our current personnel, systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our expanded operations. If we are unable to successfully integrate the companies, businesses or properties that we acquire, our profitability may decline and we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Acquisition transactions, including the Massey Acquisition, involve various inherent risks, including:

·

uncertainties in assessing the value, strengths, and potential profitability of, and identifying the extent of all weaknesses, risks, contingent and other liabilities (including environmental or mine safety liabilities) of, acquisition candidates;

·

the potential loss of key customers, management and employees of an acquired business;

·

the ability to achieve identified operating and financial synergies from an acquisition in the amounts and on the timeframe;

·

problems that could arise from the integration of the acquired business, including coordinating management and personnel, managing different corporate cultures and applying our internal control processes to the acquired business; and

·

unanticipated changes in business, industry, market, or general economic conditions that differ from the assumptions underlying our rationale for pursuing the acquisition.

Any one or more of these factors could cause us not to realize the benefits anticipated from an acquisition.

Moreover, any acquisition opportunities we pursue could materially affect our liquidity and capital resources and may require us to incur indebtedness, seek equity capital or both. Future acquisitions could also result in our assuming more long-term liabilities relative to the value of the acquired assets than we have assumed in our previous acquisitions. Further, acquisition accounting rules require changes in certain assumptions made subsequent to the measurement period as defined in current accounting standards, to be recorded in current period earnings, which could affect our results of operations.

Changes in purchasing patterns in the coal industry may make it difficult for us to extend existing supply contracts or enter into new long-term supply contracts with customers, which could adversely affect the capability and profitability of our operations.

We sell a significant portion of our coal under long-term coal supply agreements, which are contracts with a term greater than 12 months. The execution of a satisfactory long-term coal supply agreement is frequently the basis on which we undertake the development of coal reserves required to be supplied under the contract. During 2011, approximately 50% and 81% of our steam and metallurgical coal sales volume, respectively, was delivered pursuant to long-term contracts. At December 31, 2011, our long-term coal supply agreements had remaining terms of up to 14 years and an average remaining term of approximately three years. When our current contracts with customers expire or are otherwise renegotiated, our customers may decide to purchase fewer tons of coal than in the past or on different terms, including pricing terms less favorable to us.

39

Table of Contents

As of February 8, 2012, 7% of our planned shipments for 2012 and approximately 49% of our planned shipments for 2013 were uncommitted. We may not be able to enter into coal supply agreements to sell this production on terms, including pricing terms, as favorable to us as our existing agreements.

As electric utilities continue to adjust to frequently changing regulations, including the Acid Rain regulations of the Clean Air Act, the Clean Air Mercury Rule, the Clean Air Interstate Rule and the possible deregulation of their industry, they are becoming increasingly less willing to enter into long-term coal supply contracts and instead are purchasing higher percentages of coal under short-term supply contracts. The industry shift away from long-term supply contracts could adversely affect us and the level of our revenues. For example, fewer electric utilities would have a contractual obligation to purchase coal from us, thereby increasing the risk that we will not have a market for our production. The prices we receive in the spot market may be less than the contractual price an electric utility is willing to pay for a committed supply. Furthermore, spot market prices tend to be more volatile than contractual prices, which could result in decreased revenues.

Certain provisions in our long-term supply contracts may reduce the protection these contracts provide us during adverse economic conditions or may result in economic penalties upon our failure to meet specifications.

Price adjustment, “price reopener” and other similar provisions in long-term supply contracts may reduce the protection from short-term coal price volatility traditionally provided by these contracts. Price reopener provisions are particularly common in international metallurgical coal sales contracts. Some of our coal supply contracts contain provisions that allow for the price to be renegotiated at periodic intervals. Generally, price reopener provisions require the parties to agree on a new price based on the prevailing market price, however, some contracts provide that the new price is set between a pre-set “floor” and “ceiling.” In some circumstances, failure of the parties to agree on a price under a price reopener provision can lead to termination of the contract or litigation, the outcome of which is uncertain.  In other circumstances when the economy is weak, some of our customers may experience lower demand for their products and services and may be unwilling to take all of their contracted tonnage or request a lower price.  Customers may make similar requests when market prices have dropped significantly, as has occurred recently.  Any adjustment or renegotiation leading to a significantly lower contract price could result in decreased revenues. Accordingly, supply contracts with terms of one year or more may provide only limited protection during adverse market conditions.

Coal supply agreements also typically contain force majeure provisions allowing temporary suspension of performance by us or the customer during specified events beyond the control of the affected party. Following the UBB explosion, Massey notified certain of its customers that it was declaring force majeure under certain of its sales contracts impacted by the lost tonnage resulting from the explosion and subsequent shutdown at the Upper Big Branch mine. It is possible that certain of these customers may ultimately challenge the declaration of force majeure or contest whether they received timely or proper allocations or amounts of coal following the declaration of force majeure. Most of our coal supply agreements contain provisions requiring us to deliver coal meeting quality thresholds for certain characteristics such as Btu, sulfur content, ash content, grindability, moisture and ash fusion temperature. Failure to meet these specifications could result in economic penalties, including price adjustments, the rejection of deliveries or termination of the contracts. In addition, some of these contracts allow our customers to terminate their contracts in the event of changes in regulations affecting our industry that increase the price of coal or the cost of burning coal beyond specified limits.

Due to the risks mentioned above with respect to long-term supply contracts, we may not achieve the revenue or profit we expect to achieve from these sales commitments.

The loss of, or significant reduction in, purchases by our largest customers could adversely affect our revenues and profitability.

Our largest customer during 2011 accounted for approximately 9% of our total revenues. We derived approximately 41% of our 2011 total revenues from sales to our ten largest customers. These customers may not continue to purchase coal from us under our current coal supply agreements, or at all. If these customers were to reduce their purchases of coal from us significantly or if we were unable to sell coal to them on terms as favorable to us as the terms under our current agreements, our revenues and profitability could suffer materially.

A decline in demand for metallurgical coal would limit our ability to sell our high quality steam coal as higher-priced metallurgical coal and could affect the economic viability of certain of our mines that have higher operating costs.

Portions of our coal reserves possess quality characteristics that enable us to mine, process and market them as either metallurgical coal or high quality steam coal, depending on the prevailing conditions in the metallurgical and steam coal markets. We decide whether to mine, process and market these coals as metallurgical or steam coal based on management’s assessment as to which market is likely to provide us with a higher margin. We consider a number of factors when making this assessment, including the difference between the current and anticipated future market prices of steam coal and metallurgical coal, the lower volume of saleable tons that results from producing a given 

40

Table of Contents

quantity of reserves for sale in the metallurgical market instead of the steam market, the increased costs incurred in producing coal for sale in the metallurgical market instead of the steam market, the likelihood of being able to secure a longer-term sales commitment by selling coal into the steam market and our contractual commitments to deliver different types of coals to our customers. A decline in the metallurgical market relative to the steam market could cause us to shift coal from the metallurgical market to the steam market, thereby reducing our revenues and profitability.

Most of our metallurgical coal reserves possess quality characteristics that enable us to mine, process and market them as high quality steam coal. However, some of our mines operate profitably only if all or a portion of their production is sold as metallurgical coal to the steel market. If demand for metallurgical coal declined to the point where all the production from these mines had to be sold as steam coal, theses mines may not be economically viable and subject to closure. Such closures could lead to asset impairment charges, accelerated reclamation costs, as well as reduced revenue and profitability.

Disruption in supplies of coal produced by contractors and other third parties could temporarily impair our ability to fill customers’ orders or increase our costs.

In addition to marketing coal that is produced by our subsidiaries’ employees, we utilize contractors to operate some of our mines. Operational difficulties at contractor-operated mines, changes in demand for contract miners from other coal producers, and other factors beyond our control could affect the availability, pricing, and quality of coal produced for us by contractors. The majority of the coal that we purchase from third parties is blended with coal produced from our mines prior to resale, and we also process (which includes washing, crushing or blending coal at our preparation plants or loading facilities) a portion of the coal that we purchase from third parties prior to resale. We sold 4.7 million tons of coal purchased from third parties during 2011, representing approximately 4% of our total coal sales volume during 2011. Approximately 86% of our purchased coal sales volume in 2011 was blended with coal produced from our mines prior to resale, and approximately 1% of our total coal sales volume in 2011 consisted of coal purchased from third parties that we processed before resale. The availability of specified qualities of this purchased coal may decrease and prices may increase as a result of, among other things, changes in overall coal supply and demand levels, consolidation in the coal industry and new laws or regulations. Disruption in our supply of contractor-produced coal and purchased coal could temporarily impair our ability to fill our customers’ orders or require us to pay higher prices in order to obtain the required coal from other sources. Any increase in the prices we pay for contractor-produced coal or purchased coal could increase our costs and therefore lower our earnings.

Our ability to collect payments from our customers could be impaired if their creditworthiness deteriorates.

Our ability to receive payment for coal sold and delivered depends on the continued creditworthiness of our customers. Our customer base is changing with deregulation as utilities sell their power plants to their non-regulated affiliates or third parties that may be less creditworthy, thereby increasing the risk we bear on payment default. These new power plant owners may have credit ratings that are below investment grade. In addition, competition with other coal suppliers could force us to extend credit to customers and on terms that could increase the risk we bear on payment default.  Customers in other countries may be subject to other pressures and uncertainties that may affect their ability to pay, including trade barriers, exchange controls and local economic and political conditions. We derived 44% and 34% of our total revenues from coal sales made to customers outside the United States in 2011 and 2010, respectively.

We have contracts to supply coal to energy trading and brokering companies under which those companies sell coal to end users. If the creditworthiness of the energy trading and brokering companies declines, this would increase the risk that we may not be able to collect payment for all coal sold and delivered to or on behalf of these energy trading and brokering companies.

Downturns in the economy and disruptions in the global financial markets in recent years have affected the creditworthiness of our customers from time to time. The extreme market disruption in 2008, among other things, severely limited liquidity and credit availability. Recent concerns about the debt burden of certain Eurozone countries and the overall stability of the euro could adversely affect the creditworthiness of our customers in those countries.  If the current economic conditions worsen or a prolonged global, national or regional economic recession or other similar event occurs, it is likely to significantly impact the creditworthiness of our customers and could increase the risk we bear on payment default.

Fluctuations in transportation costs and the availability or reliability of transportation could affect the demand for our coal or temporarily impair our ability to supply coal to our customers.

Transportation costs represent a significant portion of the total cost of coal for our customers. Increases in transportation costs could make coal a less competitive source of energy or make our coal production less competitive than coal produced from other sources.

We depend upon railroads, trucks, beltlines, ocean vessels and barges to deliver coal to our customers. Disruption of these transportation services due to weather-related problems, mechanical difficulties, strikes, lockouts, bottlenecks, terrorist attacks, and other events could temporarily impair our ability to supply coal to our customers, resulting in decreased shipments.  Decreased shipment performance levels over

41

Table of Contents

longer periods of time could cause our customers to look to other sources for their coal needs, negatively affecting our revenues and profitability.

In 2011, 75% of our produced and processed coal volume was transported from the load-out or preparation plant to the customer by rail. From time to time in the past, we have experienced deterioration in the reliability of the service provided by rail carriers, which increased our internal coal handling costs. If there is future deterioration of the transportation services provided by the railroad companies we use and we are unable to find alternative transportation providers to ship our coal, our business could be adversely affected.

We have investments in mines, loading facilities, and ports that in most cases are serviced by a single rail carrier. Our operations that are serviced by a single rail carrier are particularly at risk to disruptions in the transportation services provided by that rail carrier, due to the difficulty in arranging alternative transportation. If a single rail carrier servicing our operations does not provide sufficient capacity, revenue from these operations and our return on investment could be adversely impacted.  In addition, much of our eastern coal is transported from our mines to our loading facilities by trucks owned and operated by third parties. An increase in transportation costs could have an adverse effect on our ability to increase or to maintain production on a profit-making basis and could therefore adversely affect our revenues and earnings.

Decreased availability or increased costs of key equipment, supplies or commodities such as diesel fuel, steel, explosives, magnetite and tires could impact our cost of production and decrease our profitability.

Coal mines consume large quantities of commodities such as steel, copper, rubber products, explosives and liquid fuels, such as diesel fuel. Some commodities, such as steel, are needed to comply with roof control plans required by regulation. Our operations are dependent on reliable supplies of mining equipment, replacement parts, explosives, diesel fuel, tires, magnetite and steel-related products (including roof bolts). If the cost of any mining equipment or key supplies increases significantly, or if they should become unavailable due to higher industry-wide demand or less production by suppliers, there could be an adverse impact on our cash flows, results of operations or financial condition. The supplier base providing mining materials and equipment has been relatively consistent in recent years, although there continues to be consolidation, which has resulted in a situation where we have a limited number of suppliers for certain types of equipment and supplies. In recent years, mining industry demand growth has exceeded supply growth for certain surface and underground mining equipment and heavy equipment tires. As a result, lead times for certain items have generally increased.

In addition, the prices we pay for these products are strongly impacted by the global commodities market. A rapid or significant increase in cost of these commodities could impact our mining costs because we have limited ability to negotiate lower prices, and, in some cases, do not have a ready substitute for these commodities.

Fair value of derivative instruments that are not accounted for as a hedge could cause volatility in our earnings.

Derivative financial instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at fair value. Changes in fair value are recognized either in earnings or equity, depending on whether the transaction qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting, and if so, how effective the derivatives are at offsetting price movements in the underlying exposure. We account for certain of our coal forward purchase and sales agreements that do not qualify for the “normal purchase and normal sales” exception available under existing accounting rules as derivative instruments. We use significant quantities of diesel fuel and explosives in our operations and enter into commodity swap and option agreements for a portion of our diesel fuel and explosive needs to reduce the risk that changes in the market price of diesel fuel and explosives can have on our operations. A portion of our commodity swap agreements have not been designated as qualifying cash flow hedges and therefore, we are required to record changes in fair value of these derivative instruments in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

We also have outstanding debt that includes a variable interest rate component. We entered into an interest rate swap to reduce the risk that changing interest rates could have on our operations. The swap initially qualified for cash flow hedge accounting and changes in fair value were recorded as a component of equity; however, the debt instrument was subsequently paid and the swap no longer qualified for cash flow hedge accounting. Subsequent changes in fair value of the interest rate swap are recorded in earnings. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Our hedging activities for diesel fuel and explosives may prevent us from benefiting from price decreases.

We enter into hedging arrangements, primarily financial swap contracts, for a portion of our anticipated diesel fuel and explosive needs.  As of December 31, 2011, we had financial swap contracts to fix approximately 59% and 34% of our calendar year 2012 and 2013 expected diesel fuel needs, respectively, and 34% of our calendar year 2012 expected explosive needs.  While our hedging strategy provides us protection in the event of price increases to our diesel fuel and explosives, it may also prevent us from the benefits of price decreases.  If prices for diesel fuel and explosives decreased significantly below our swap prices, it could have a material effect on our financial condition, the result of operations and cash flows.

42

Table of Contents

Our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to develop or acquire additional coal reserves that are economically recoverable.

Our profitability depends substantially on our ability to mine coal reserves possessing quality characteristics desired by our customers in a cost-effective manner. As of December 31, 2011, we owned or leased 4.7 billion tons of proven and probable coal reserves that we believe will support current production levels for more than 20 years. We have not yet applied for the permits required, or developed the mines necessary, to mine all of our reserves. Permits are becoming increasingly more difficult and expensive to obtain and the review process continues to lengthen. In addition, we may not be able to mine all of our reserves as profitably as we do at our current operations.

Because our reserves are depleted as we mine our coal, our future success and growth depend, in part, upon our ability to acquire additional coal reserves that are economically recoverable. If we are unable to replace or increase our coal reserves on acceptable terms, our production and revenues will decline as our reserves are depleted. Additionally, our goodwill will also become impaired.  Exhaustion of reserves at particular mines also may have an adverse effect on our operating results that is disproportionate to the percentage of overall production represented by such mines. Our ability to acquire additional coal reserves through business combinations in the future also could be limited by restrictions under our existing or future debt agreements, competition from other coal companies for attractive properties, or the lack of suitable acquisition candidates.

Because our profitability is substantially dependent on the availability of an adequate supply of coal reserves that can be mined at competitive costs, the lack of availability of these types of reserves would cause our profitability to decline.

We have not yet applied for all of the permits required, or developed the mines necessary, to use all of our reserves. Furthermore, we may not be able to mine all of our reserves as profitably as we do at our current operations. Our planned development projects and acquisition activities may not result in significant additional reserves and we may not have continuing success developing new mines or expanding existing mines beyond our existing reserves. Most of our mining operations are conducted on properties owned or leased by us. Because title to most of our leased properties and mineral rights is not thoroughly verified until a permit to mine the property is obtained, our right to mine some of our reserves may be materially adversely affected if defects in title or boundaries exist. In addition, in order to develop our reserves, we must receive various governmental permits. We may be unable to obtain the permits necessary for us to operate profitably in the future. Some of these permits are becoming increasingly more difficult and expensive to obtain and the review process continues to lengthen.

Our profitability depends substantially on our ability to mine coal reserves that have the geological characteristics that enable them to be mined at competitive costs and to meet the quality needed by our customers. Replacement reserves may not be available when required or, if available, may not be capable of being mined at costs comparable to those characteristic of the depleting mines. We may not be able to accurately assess the geological characteristics of any reserves that we now own or subsequently acquire, which may adversely affect our profitability and financial condition. Exhaustion of reserves at particular mines also may have an adverse effect on our operating results that is disproportionate to the percentage of overall production represented by such mines. Our ability to obtain other reserves through business combinations in the future could be limited by restrictions under our existing or future debt agreements, competition from other coal companies for attractive properties, the lack of suitable acquisition candidates or the inability to acquire coal properties on commercially reasonable terms.

Failure to obtain or renew surety bonds on acceptable terms or maintain self-bonding status could affect our ability to secure reclamation and coal lease obligations, which could adversely affect our ability to mine or lease coal.

Federal and state laws require us to obtain surety bonds to secure payment of certain long-term obligations such as mine closure or reclamation costs, federal and state workers’ compensation costs, coal leases and other obligations. These bonds are typically renewable annually. Surety bond issuers and holders may not continue to renew the bonds or may demand additional collateral or other less favorable terms upon those renewals. We also maintain self-bonding in certain states. Our failure to maintain our self-bonding status, or our inability to acquire surety bonds that are required by state and federal law would affect our ability to secure reclamation and coal lease obligations and increase our costs and collateral requirements, which could adversely affect our ability to mine or lease coal and our results of operations. That failure could result from a variety of factors including, without limitation:

·

lack of availability, higher expense or unfavorable market terms of new bonds;

·

restrictions on availability of collateral for current and future third-party surety bond issuers under the indentures governing our outstanding debt and under our credit agreements; and

·

the exercise by third-party surety bond issuers of their right to refuse to renew the surety.

In addition, due to the current instability and volatility of the financial markets, our current surety bond providers may experience difficulties in providing new surety bonds to us, maintaining existing surety bonds, or satisfying liquidity requirements under existing surety bond contracts.  In that event, we would be required to find alternative sources of funding to satisfy our payment obligations, which may require greater use of our credit facility.

43

Table of Contents

We have reclamation and mine closure obligations. If the assumptions underlying our accruals are inaccurate, we could be required to expend greater amounts than anticipated.

The SMCRA establishes operational, reclamation and closure standards for all aspects of surface mining as well as deep mining. We accrue for the costs of current mine disturbance and final mine closure, including the cost of treating mine water discharge where necessary. Estimates of our total reclamation and mine-closing liabilities are based upon permit requirements and our experience and total $915.7 million as of December 31, 2011. The amounts recorded are dependent upon a number of variables, including the estimated future asset retirement costs, estimated proven reserves, assumptions involving profit margins of third party contractors, inflation rates, and discount rates. Furthermore, these obligations are unfunded. If these accruals are insufficient or our liability in a particular year is greater than currently anticipated, our future operating results and financial position could be adversely affected.

Defects in title in our mine properties could limit our ability to recover coal from these properties or result in significant unanticipated costs.

We conduct a significant part of our mining operations on properties that we lease. Title to most of our leased properties and mineral rights is not thoroughly verified until a permit to mine the property is obtained, and in some cases title with respect to leased properties is not verified at all. Our right to mine some of our reserves may be materially adversely affected by actual or alleged defects in title or boundaries. In order to obtain leases or mining contracts to conduct our mining operations on property where these defects exist, we may in the future have to incur unanticipated costs or could even lose our right to mine on that property, which could adversely affect our profitability.  In addition, from time to time the rights of third parties for competing uses of adjacent, overlying or underlying lands such as for oil and gas activity, coalbed methane, production, pipelines, roads, easements and public facilities may affect our ability to operate as planned if our title is not superior or arrangements cannot be negotiated.

Expenditures for benefits for non-active employees could be materially higher than we have anticipated, which could increase our costs and adversely affect our financial results.

We are responsible for certain long-term liabilities under a variety of benefit plans and other arrangements with active and inactive employees. The unfunded status (the excess of projected benefit obligation over plan assets) of these obligations as of December 31, 2011, as reflected in Note 17 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, included $1,079.4 million of postretirement obligations, $174.7 million of defined benefit pension and supplemental employee retirement plan obligations, $187.6 million of self-insured workers’ compensation obligations and $157.5 million of self-insured black lung obligations. These obligations have been estimated based on assumptions including actuarial estimates, discount rates, estimates of mine lives, expected returns on pension plan assets and changes in health care costs. We could be required to expend greater amounts than anticipated. In addition, future regulatory and accounting changes relating to these benefits could result in increased obligations or additional costs, which could also have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Several states in which we operate consider changes in workers’ compensation laws from time to time, which, if enacted, could adversely affect us.

Certain terms of our 2.375% convertible notes due 2015 and our 3.25% convertible notes due 2015 may adversely impact our liquidity.

Upon conversion of our 2.375% convertible notes due 2015 and our 3.25% convertible notes due 2015, we will be required to make certain cash payments to holders of converted notes. As a result, the conversion of the convertible notes may significantly reduce our liquidity.

The inability of companies to fulfill their indemnification obligations to us under certain agreements with us could increase our liabilities and adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.

In the acquisition agreements entered into with the sellers of the companies that we have acquired (including Coastal Coal Company, Nicewonder and Progress), and the acquisition or other agreements that companies we have acquired entered into prior to our acquisition, such as the Distribution Agreement entered into by Massey and Fluor as of November 30, 2000 in connection with the spin-off of Fluor by Massey (the “Distribution Agreement”), the respective sellers and, in some cases, their parent companies or other parties, agreed to retain responsibility for and indemnify Alpha against damages resulting from certain third-party claims or other liabilities, such as workers’ compensation liabilities, black lung liabilities, postretirement medical liabilities and certain environmental or mine safety liabilities. The obligations of the sellers and other parties, as applicable, to indemnify us with respect to their retained liabilities will continue for a substantial period of time, and in some cases indefinitely. In other cases, the sellers’ indemnification obligations continue for a shorter period of time, for example with respect to breaches of their representations and warranties in the acquisition agreements terminate upon expiration of the applicable indemnification period (generally 18-24 months from the acquisition date for most representations and warranties, and from two to five years from the acquisition date for environmental representations and warranties).  Certain indemnification obligations are also subject to deductible amounts and do not cover damages in excess of the applicable coverage limit.

The assertion of third-party claims after the expiration of the applicable indemnification period or in excess of the applicable coverage limit, or the failure of any seller or other applicable party to satisfy their obligations with respect to claims and retained liabilities covered by the applicable agreements or breaches of its representations and warranties could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position if claimants successfully assert that we are liable for those claims and/or retained liabilities.

44

Table of Contents

Recently, litigation has been commenced between Fluor and the purchasers of Fluor’s prior business (the “Prior Business”) regarding the purchasers’ obligation to indemnify Fluor against claims and judgment arising out of the Prior Business.  To the extent the litigation results in a determination that Fluor is not entitled to indemnification from the purchasers, Fluor’s ability to satisfy all or some of its indemnification obligations with respect to Alpha’s subsidiaries under the Distribution Agreement may be negatively affected.  See “Legal Proceedings—Other Legal Proceedings.”

We may incur additional goodwill impairment charges which may require us to record a significant charge to earnings.

In accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), we are required to assess our goodwill annually to determine if it is impaired or more frequently in the event of circumstances indicating potential impairment. These circumstances could include a decline in our actual or expected future cash flows or income, a significant adverse change in the business climate or in our industry, or a decline in market capitalization, among others.  If the testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill and the implied fair value of the goodwill in the period the determination is made.

Following our annual goodwill impairment testing performed at October 31, 2011, we recorded impairment charges of $745.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2011 to reduce the carrying value of goodwill to its implied fair value for four of our reporting units in Eastern Coal Operations.  We continue to carry goodwill on our balance sheet, and it is possible that in future, we may be required to record additional impairment charges for our goodwill for these or other reporting units.  These charges could be significant, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.

If we are unable to accurately estimate the overall risks or costs when we bid on a road construction contract that is ultimately awarded to us, we may achieve a lower than anticipated profit or incur a loss on the contract.

A large percentage of our road construction revenues and contract backlog is typically derived from fixed unit price contracts. Fixed unit price contracts require us to perform the contract for a fixed unit price irrespective of our actual costs. As a result, we realize a profit on these contracts only if we successfully estimate our costs and then successfully control actual costs and avoid cost overruns. If our cost estimates for a contract are inaccurate, or if we do not execute the contract within our cost estimates, then cost overruns may cause us to incur losses or cause the contract not to be as profitable as we expected. Also, if we do not recover the amounts of coal estimated on our construction projects, profitability on our construction contracts could be less than projected. This, in turn, could negatively affect our cash flow, earnings and financial position. During 2011, we recorded an additional loss of approximately $12.2 million due to a change in estimated costs to complete the current project.

The costs incurred and gross profit realized on those contracts can vary, sometimes substantially, from the original projections due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to:

·

onsite conditions that differ from those assumed in the original bid;

·

delays caused by weather conditions;

·

contract modifications creating unanticipated costs not covered by change orders;

·

changes in availability, proximity and costs of materials, including diesel fuel, explosives, and parts and supplies for our equipment;

·

coal recovery which impacts the allocation of cost to road construction;

·

availability and skill level of workers in the geographic location of a project;

·

our suppliers’ or subcontractors’ failure to perform;

·

mechanical problems with our machinery or equipment;

·

citations issued by a governmental authority, including the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and MSHA;

·

difficulties in obtaining required governmental permits or approvals;

·

changes in applicable laws and regulations; and

·

claims or demands from third parties alleging damages arising from our work.

Sales of additional shares of our common stock, the exercise or granting of additional equity securities or conversion of our convertible notes could cause the price of our common stock to decline.

Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the open market and the availability of those shares for sale could adversely affect the price of our common stock. In addition, future issuances of equity securities, including issuances pursuant to outstanding stock-based awards under our long-term incentive plans or the conversion of our convertible bonds, could dilute the interests of our existing stockholders and could cause the market price for our common stock to decline. We may issue equity securities in the future for a number of reasons, including to finance our operations and business strategy, to adjust our ratio of debt to equity, to satisfy our obligations upon the exercise or vesting of outstanding stock-based awards or for other reasons.

As of December 31, 2011, there were:

·

1,149,266 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options with a weighted-average exercise price of $21.92; and

·

2,836,566 restricted share unit awards issued to directors, officers and key employees to be converted to common stock upon the satisfaction of future service and performance conditions (assuming performance at the maximum level).

The price of our common stock could also be affected by hedging or arbitrage trading activity that may exist or develop involving our common stock and our convertible notes.

Ongoing instability and volatility in the worldwide financial markets have created uncertainty, which could adversely affect our business and the price of our common shares.

In recent years, downturns in the economy and disruptions in the global financial markets have from time to time resulted in, among other things, extreme volatility in security prices, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, rating downgrades of certain investments

45

Table of Contents

and declining valuations of others, including real estate. This occurred in particular connection with the extreme market disruption in 2008, as well as the recent concerns about the debt burden of certain Eurozone countries and the overall stability of the euro. These disruptions, and in particular the tightening of credit in financial markets, have from time to time adversely affected our customers’ ability to obtain financing for operations and resulted in a temporary decrease in demand, lower coal prices, the cancellation of some orders for our coal products and the restructuring of agreements with certain of our coal customers. Any prolonged global, national or regional economic recession or other similar events could have a material adverse effect on the demand for coal and on our sales, margins, and profitability. We are unable to predict the timing, duration and severity of potential future disruptions in financial markets and potential future adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and other countries and the impact these events may have on our operations and the industry in general.

We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.

We have never declared or paid a cash dividend, and our Board of Directors periodically evaluates commencing a dividend policy.  If we were to decide in the future to pay dividends, our ability to do so would be dependent on the ability of our subsidiaries to make cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. Our ability to pay dividends is limited by restrictions in our credit facility.

Terrorist attacks and threats, escalation of military activity in response to such attacks, acts of war, cybersecurity attacks, natural disasters or other similar crises may negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Terrorist attacks and threats, escalation of military activity in response to such attacks or acts of war may negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our business is affected by general economic conditions, fluctuations in consumer confidence and spending, and market liquidity, which can decline as a result of numerous factors outside of our control, such as terrorist attacks and acts of war. Future terrorist attacks against U.S. targets, rumors or threats of war, actual conflicts involving the United States or its allies, or military or trade disruptions affecting our customers may materially adversely affect our operations and those of our customers. As a result, there could be delays or losses in transportation and deliveries of coal to our customers, decreased sales of our coal and extension of time for payment of accounts receivable from our customers. Strategic targets such as energy-related assets may be at greater risk of future terrorist attacks than other targets in the United States. In addition, disruption or significant increases in energy prices could result in government-imposed price controls. Our business may also be impacted by disruptions, including cybersecurity attacks or failures, threats to physical security, extreme weather conditions or other natural disasters and pandemics or other public health crises. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the indentures governing our notes may discourage a takeover attempt even if doing so might be beneficial to our stockholders.

Provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could impose impediments to the ability of a third party to acquire us even if a change of control would be beneficial to our stockholders. Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws impose various procedural and other requirements, which could make it more difficult for stockholders to effect certain corporate actions. For example, our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of unissued series of preferred stock, without any vote or action by our stockholders. Thus, our board of directors can authorize and issue shares of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting or other rights of holders of our common stock. These provisions may have the effect of delaying or deterring a change of control of our Company, and could limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock.

If a “fundamental change” (as defined in the indentures governing our convertible notes) occurs, holders of the convertible notes will have the right, at their option, either to convert their convertible notes or require us to repurchase all or a portion of their convertible notes. In the event of a “make-whole fundamental change” (as defined in the indentures governing our convertible notes), we also may be required to increase the conversion rate applicable to any convertible notes surrendered for conversion. If a “change in control” (as defined in the indentures governing our senior notes) occurs, holders of the senior notes will have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their senior notes. In addition, each indenture prohibits us from engaging in certain mergers or acquisitions unless, among other things, the surviving entity is a U.S. entity that assumes our obligations under the applicable notes. Our credit facility imposes similar restrictions on us, including with respect to mergers or consolidations with other companies and the sale of substantially all of our assets. These provisions could prevent or deter a third party from acquiring us even where the acquisition could be beneficial to our stockholders.

We may fail to realize revenue growth and the cost savings estimated as a result of the Massey Acquisition.

The ultimate success of the Massey Acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to continue to realize the anticipated synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects from combining the businesses of Alpha and Massey. We may never realize these anticipated synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects. Integrating operations will be complex and will require significant efforts and expenditures. Employees might leave or be terminated because of the Massey Acquisition. Our management might have its attention diverted while trying to integrate operations and corporate and administrative infrastructures. We might experience increased competition that limits our ability to expand our business, and we might not be able to capitalize on expected business opportunities, including retaining current customers. Our management may be unable to manage successfully our exposure to pending and potential litigation. We may

46

Table of Contents

be required by regulators to undertake certain remedial measures as a result of claims and investigations arising from the UBB explosion, and our management may not be able to implement those and other remedial measures successfully. We may experience difficulties integrating Massey’s system of financial reporting. We are permitted to exclude the operations of Massey from our management certification and auditor attestation regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011, so that our first certification of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting may be as of December 31, 2012. We may experience difficulties in applying our Running Right program at legacy Massey mines and facilities. Moreover, assumptions underlying estimates of expected cost savings as a result of the Massey Acquisition may be inaccurate, and general industry and business conditions might deteriorate. If any of these factors limit our ability to integrate the operations of Alpha and Massey successfully or on a timely basis, the expectations of future results of operations, including certain cost savings and synergies expected to result from the Massey Acquisition, might not be met.

Our success will also depend on the integration into our operations of Cumberland, which Massey acquired on April 19, 2010. Massey’s integration of Cumberland’s operations was still ongoing at the time of the Massey Acquisition, and we are currently involved in integrating Cumberland’s operations with our operations and those of Massey. This integration is subject to risks similar to those described above related to the integration of Massey and other acquisitions under “Acquisitions that we have completed since our formation, as well as the Massey Acquisition and other acquisitions that we may undertake in the future, involve a number of risks, any of which could cause us not to realize the anticipated benefits.” As a result of those risks, we may fail to realize the benefits of Massey’s acquisition of Cumberland. In particular, prior to its acquisition by Massey, Cumberland was a private company and was not required to comply with many requirements applicable to U.S. public companies, including the documentation and assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Establishing, testing and maintaining an effective system of internal control over financial reporting of the merged entity will require significant resources and time commitments on the part of our management and our finance and accounting staff, may require additional staffing and infrastructure investments, could increase our legal, insurance and financial compliance costs and may divert the attention of management. Moreover, if we discover aspects of Cumberland’s internal control over financial reporting that require improvement, we cannot be certain that our remedial measures will be effective. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could adversely affect our financial and operating results, investor’s confidence or increase our risk of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting.

In addition, until the completion of the Massey Acquisition, Alpha and Massey had operated independently. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of each company’s ongoing businesses, tax costs or inefficiencies, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, information technology systems, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, employees or other third parties or our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Massey Acquisition or could reduce our earnings.

Our substantial indebtedness exposes us to various risks.

At December 31, 2011, we had $3,054.7 million of indebtedness outstanding before discounts applied for financial reporting, representing 27% of our total capitalization. In addition, at December 31, 2011, we had $0.3 million of letters of credit outstanding under our credit facility and $160.0 million of letters of credit outstanding under our accounts receivable securitization facility.

Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to our business. For example, it could:

·

make it more difficult for us to pay or refinance our debts, including the notes, as they become due during adverse economic and industry conditions because any related decrease in revenues could cause us to not have sufficient cash flows from operations to make our scheduled debt payments;

·

cause us to be less able to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions;

·

cause us to use a portion of our cash flow from operations for debt service, reducing the availability of cash to fund working capital and capital expenditures, research and development and other business activities;

·

cause us to be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

·

expose us to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, will be at variable rates of interest;

·

make us more highly leveraged than some of our competitors, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage;

·

limit our ability to borrow additional monies in the future to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; and

47

Table of Contents

·

result in a downgrade in the credit rating of our indebtedness which could increase the cost of further borrowings.

We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful, and repayment of our indebtedness is dependent to a significant extent on cash flow generated by our subsidiaries and their ability to make distributions to us.

If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations, and the terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives.

In addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness and result in more restrictive borrowing terms, including increased borrowing costs and more restrictive covenants. This, in turn, could affect our internal cost of capital estimates and therefore impact operational and investment decisions.

We will be dependent to a significant extent on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. These subsidiaries may not be able to, or be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. Each of these subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions, as well as the financial condition and operating requirements of our subsidiaries, may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. In the event that we do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness.

We may also be able to incur substantially more debt which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our significant indebtedness.

We may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future under the terms of our credit facility and the indentures governing our debt securities. Our credit facility provides for a revolving line of credit of up to $1.0 billion, with no borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2011. The addition of new debt to our current debt levels could increase the related risks that we now face. For example, the spread over the variable interest rate applicable to loans under our revolving line of credit is dependent on our leverage ratio, and it would increase if our leverage ratio increases. Additional drawings under our revolving line of credit could also limit the amount available for letters of credit in support of our bonding obligations, which we will require as we develop and acquire new mines.

The terms of our credit facility and the indentures governing our notes limit our and our subsidiaries’ ability to take certain actions, which may limit our operating and financial flexibility and adversely affect our business.

Our credit facility and the indentures governing our notes contain a number of significant restrictions and covenants that limit our ability and our subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, pay dividends, make redemptions and repurchases of certain capital stock, make loans and investments, create liens, engage in transactions with affiliates, and merge or consolidate with other companies or sell substantially all of our assets.  These covenants could adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs or to execute preferred business strategies.  In addition, complying with these covenants may make it more difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategy and compete against companies who are not subject to such restrictions.

Operating results below current levels or other adverse factors, including a significant increase in interest rates, could result in our being unable to comply with our covenants and payment obligations contained in our credit facility and the indentures governing our notes. If we violate these covenants or obligations under any of these agreements and are unable to obtain waivers from our lenders, our debt under all of these agreements would be in default and could be accelerated by our lenders. If our indebtedness is accelerated, we may not be able to repay our debt or borrow sufficient funds to refinance it. Even if we were able to obtain new financing, it may not be on commercially reasonable terms or on terms that are acceptable to us. If our debt is in default for any reason, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

Failure to maintain capacity for required letters of credit could limit our available borrowing capacity under our credit facility, limit our ability to provide financial assurance for self-insured obligations and negatively impact our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditure or other general corporate requirements.

At December 31, 2011, we had $160.3 million of letters of credit in place, of which $0.3 million was outstanding under our credit facility and $160.0 million was outstanding under our accounts receivable securitization facility. These outstanding letters of credit supported workers’ compensation bonds, coal mining reclamation obligations, UMWA retiree health care obligations, and other miscellaneous obligations. Our

48

Table of Contents

credit facility provides for revolving commitments of up to $1.0 billion, all of which can be used to issue letters of credit, and our accounts receivable securitization facility provides for the issuance of up to $275.0 million in letters of credit. Obligations secured by letters of credit may increase in the future. Any such increase would limit our available borrowing capacity under our current or future credit facilities and could negatively impact our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate requirements. Moreover, if we do not maintain sufficient borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility and accounts receivable securitization facility for additional letters of credit, we may be unable to provide financial assurance for our mining operations.

We may be unable to repurchase our debt if we experience a change of control.

Under certain circumstances, we will be required, under the terms of the indentures governing our various series of notes, to offer to purchase all of the outstanding notes of each series at either 100% or 101%, as the case may be, of their principal amount if we experience a change of control. Our failure to repurchase such notes upon a change of control would cause a default under the indentures governing such notes and a cross default under our credit facility. Our credit facility also provides that a change of control will be an event of default that permits lenders to accelerate the maturity of certain borrowings thereunder. Any of our future debt agreements may contain similar provisions. If a change of control were to occur, it cannot be assured that we would have sufficient funds to purchase our various series of notes, or any other securities that we would be required to offer to purchase. We may require additional financing from third parties to fund any such purchases, but it cannot be assured that we would be able to obtain such financing. In addition, if we experience a change of control (as defined for purposes of our credit facility), resulting in an event of default under our credit facility we may not be able to replace our credit facility on terms equal to or more favorable than the current terms if the commitments are terminated and the loans are repaid under our credit facility upon an event of default.