. 

The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and presented elsewhere by management from time to time. Such factors, among others, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and you should carefully
consider them. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider any such list to be a complete statement of all our potential risks or uncertainties. Because of these and other factors, past
performance should not be considered an indication of future performance. 

Health care reform legislation being considered by Congress may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

The 2008 elections resulted in a renewed focus on health care
issues and many key legislators and newly appointed and elected officials, including President Obama, have proposed significant reform to the health care system. The U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate passed separate health care
reform bills late in 2009. Both chambers are seeking to reconcile their bills and it is possible that the reconciled bill may contain the following elements: 

•

 A special assessment on health insurance providers to fund the legislation. 

•

 An excise tax on high cost employer-provided health coverage to fund the legislation. 

23 

Table of Contents

•

 A health care exchange to facilitate uninsured individuals’ access to health care coverage from private companies. 

•

 Elimination of certain caps on health care coverage. 

•

 The requirement that all citizens must carry health insurance or be subject to a penalty. 

•

 New regulations around health plan operations that would greatly limit the ability of health plans to accurately price the risk, require health plans
to pay a certain percentage of every premium dollar as a medical claim and reduce the variety of product offerings. 

•

 Guaranteed coverage for individuals with pre-existing medical conditions. 

We do not currently know the ultimate outcome of the
reconciliation process or the legislation. Depending on the provisions contained in the final law, this legislation could have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, financial condition or results of operations. 

Changes in state and federal regulations, or the application
thereof, may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our insurance, managed health care and HMO subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the insurance, managed health
care or HMO regulatory authorities of each state in which they are licensed or authorized to do business, as well as to regulation by federal and local agencies. We cannot assure you that future regulatory action by state insurance or HMO
authorities or federal regulatory authorities will not have a material adverse effect on the profitability or marketability of our health benefits or managed care products or on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In
addition, because of our participation in government-sponsored programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, changes in government regulations or policy with respect to, among other things, reimbursement levels, eligibility requirements and additional
governmental participation could also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we cannot assure you that application of the federal and/or state tax regulatory regime that currently applies to us
will not, or future tax regulation by either federal and/or state governmental authorities concerning us could not, have a material adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition. 

Congress and state legislatures continue to focus on health care
delivery and financing issues. Some of the reforms call for universal health care regulation including, but not limited to, the availability of a government sponsored health plan. A number of states, including California, Colorado, Connecticut,
Maine, New York, and Pennsylvania, are contemplating significant reform of their health insurance markets. These proposals include provisions affecting both public programs and privately-financed health insurance arrangements. Broadly stated, these
proposals attempt to increase the number of insured by raising or expanding the eligibility levels for public programs and compelling individuals and employers to purchase health coverage. At the same time, they seek to reform the underwriting and
marketing practices of health plans. As these proposals are still being debated in the various legislatures, we cannot assure you that, if enacted into law, these proposals would not have a negative impact on our business, operations or financial
condition. In addition, several states are considering legislative proposals to require prior regulatory approval of premium rate increases or establish minimum benefit expense ratio thresholds. Finally, Congress and several state legislatures are
contemplating the imposition of various taxes and fees on health plans and on insurance coverage and arrangements. If enacted, these federal or state proposals could have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, financial condition or
results of operations. 

From time to time,
Congress has considered various forms of managed care reform legislation which, if adopted, could fundamentally alter the treatment of coverage decisions under ERISA. Additionally, there have been legislative attempts to limit ERISA’s
preemptive effect on state laws and litigants’ ability to seek damages beyond the benefits offered under their plans. If adopted, such limitations could increase our liability exposure, could permit greater state regulation of our operations,
and could expand the scope of damages, including

24 

Table of Contents

punitive damages litigants could be awarded. Other proposed bills and regulations, including those related to consumer-driven health plans and health savings accounts and insurance market reform,
at the state and federal levels may impact certain aspects of our business, including premium receipts, provider contracting, claims payments and processing and confidentiality of protected health or other personal information. While we cannot
predict if any of these initiatives will ultimately become effective or, if enacted, what their terms will be, their enactment could increase our costs, expose us to expanded liability or require us to revise the ways in which we conduct business.
Further, as we continue to implement our e-business initiatives, uncertainty surrounding the regulatory authority and requirements in this area may make it difficult to ensure compliance. 

Our inability to contain health care costs, implement increases in premium rates on a timely basis, maintain
adequate reserves for policy benefits, maintain our current provider agreements or avoid a downgrade in our ratings may adversely affect our business and profitability. 

Our profitability depends in large part on accurately predicting health care costs and on our ability to manage
future health care costs through underwriting criteria, medical management, product design and negotiation of favorable provider contracts. Government-imposed limitations on Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement have also caused the private sector to
bear a greater share of increasing health care costs. Changes in health care practices, demographic characteristics, inflation, new technologies, the cost of prescription drugs, clusters of high cost cases, changes in the regulatory environment and
numerous other factors affecting the cost of health care may adversely affect our ability to predict and manage health care costs, as well as our business, financial condition and results of operations. Relatively small differences between predicted
and actual health care costs as a percentage of premium revenues can result in significant changes in our results of operations. If it is determined that our assumptions regarding cost trends and utilization are significantly different than actual
results, our income statement and financial position could be adversely affected. 

In addition to the challenge of managing health care costs, we face pressure to contain premium rates. Our customer contracts may be subject to renegotiation as customers seek to contain their costs.
Alternatively, our customers may move to a competitor to obtain more favorable premiums. Further, federal and state regulatory agencies may restrict our ability to implement changes in premium rates. Fiscal concerns regarding the continued viability
of programs such as Medicare and Medicaid may cause decreasing reimbursement rates or a lack of sufficient increase in reimbursement rates for government-sponsored programs in which we participate. A limitation on our ability to increase or maintain
our premium or reimbursement levels or a significant loss of membership resulting from our need to increase or maintain premium or reimbursement levels could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.

The reserves that we establish for health
insurance policy benefits and other contractual rights and benefits are based upon assumptions concerning a number of factors, including trends in health care costs, expenses, general economic conditions and other factors. To the extent the actual
claims experience is less favorable than estimated based on our underlying assumptions, our incurred losses would increase and future earnings could be adversely affected. 

In addition, our profitability is dependent upon our ability to contract on favorable terms with hospitals, physicians and
other health care providers. The failure to maintain or to secure new cost-effective health care provider contracts may result in a loss in membership or higher medical costs. In addition, our inability to contract with providers, or the inability
of providers to provide adequate care, could adversely affect our business. 

Claims-paying ability and financial strength ratings by recognized rating organizations are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies and health benefits
companies. Each of the rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically and there can be no assurance that our current ratings will be maintained in the future. We believe our strong ratings are an important factor in marketing our products to
customers, since ratings information is broadly disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. If our ratings are downgraded or placed under review, with possible negative implications, such actions could adversely

25 

Table of Contents

affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These ratings reflect each rating agency’s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet
our obligations to policyholders and creditors, and are not evaluations directed toward the protection of investors in our common stock. 

A reduction in the enrollment in our health benefits programs could have an adverse effect on our business and profitability.

A reduction in the number of enrollees in our
health benefits programs could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Factors that could contribute to a reduction in enrollment include: reductions in workforce by existing customers; general economic downturn
that results in business failures; employers no longer offering certain health care coverage as an employee benefit or electing to offer this coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis; state and federal regulatory changes; failure to obtain new
customers or retain existing customers; premium increases and benefit changes; our exit from a specific market; negative publicity and news coverage; and failure to attain or maintain nationally recognized accreditations. 

There are various risks associated with participating in
Medicare and Medicaid programs, and contracting with CMS to provide Medicare Part C and Medicare Part D Prescription Drug benefits. 

We offer Medicare approved prescription drug plans (Medicare Part D) and Medicare Advantage plans (Medicare Part C) to Medicare eligible
individuals nationwide. In addition, we provide various administrative services for other entities offering medical and/or prescription drug plans to their Medicare eligible employees and retirees through our affiliated companies. We also
participate in Medicare fiscal intermediary and Medicaid programs and receive revenues from the Medicare and Medicaid programs to provide benefits under these programs. 

Revenues from the Medicare and Medicaid programs are dependent, in whole or in part, upon annual funding from the federal
government and/or applicable state governments. Funding for these programs is dependent upon many factors outside of our control including general economic conditions and budgetary constraints at the federal or applicable state level and general
political issues and priorities. An unexpected reduction or inadequate government funding for these programs may adversely affect our revenues and financial results. 

Risks associated with the Medicare Advantage and Medicare prescription drug plans include potential
uncollectability of receivables resulting from processing and/or verifying enrollment, inadequacy of underwriting assumptions, inability to receive and process correct information (including inability due to systems issues by the federal government,
the applicable state government or us), uncollectability of premiums from members, increased medical or pharmaceutical costs, and the underlying seasonality of this business. While we believe we have adequately reviewed our assumptions and estimates
regarding these complex and wide-ranging programs under Medicare Part C and D, including those related to collectability of receivables and establishment of liabilities, the actual results may be materially different than our assumptions and
estimates and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The laws and regulations governing participation in Medicare and Medicaid programs are complex, subject to interpretation and can expose us
to penalties for non-compliance. If we fail to comply with the applicable laws and regulations we could be subject to criminal fines, civil penalties or other sanctions which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to participate in
these programs, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, legislative or regulatory changes to these programs could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.

During 2008, we worked with CMS to resolve issues
identified as a result of our internal compliance audits and findings from a 2008 CMS audit. Our work included detailed action plans to remediate such findings. In addition, we engaged an independent third party to provide CMS with on-going
assessments regarding our compliance, including verification of systems, processes and procedures. 

26 

Table of Contents

On January 12, 2009, CMS notified us that we were suspended from marketing to and
enrolling new members in our Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D health benefit products until remediation efforts had been fully implemented and confirmed. On September 9, 2009, CMS notified us that the sanctions had been lifted. We began
marketing our Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D products on October 1, 2009 and began enrolling new members on November 15, 2009 for the 2010 contract year. However, we are not currently eligible to receive auto-enrollment or
reassignment of Medicare Part D Low Income Subsidy, or LIS, beneficiaries. We continue to work with CMS to demonstrate that our operations related to the Medicare Part D LIS programs have been corrected so that we will again be allowed to
participate in the Medicare Part D LIS auto-assignment process. 

Adverse securities and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs. 

The securities and credit markets have been experiencing higher than normal volatility. In some cases, the
markets have exerted downward pressure on availability of liquidity and credit capacity for certain issuers. We need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, make payments on our indebtedness and pay capital expenditures. The principal sources of
our cash receipts are premiums, administrative fees, investment income, other revenue, proceeds from the sale or maturity of our investment securities, proceeds from borrowings, proceeds from the exercise of stock options and our employee stock
purchase plan. 

Our access to additional financing
will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of credit to our industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as the
possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects. Similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us.
If one or a combination of these factors were to occur, our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms. 

One of our sources of liquidity is our $2.5 billion commercial
paper program. The commercial paper markets have recently experienced higher than normal volatility, which has influenced our use of commercial paper. As a result, we have reduced the amount of commercial paper outstanding, with $0.5 billion
outstanding at December 31, 2009 as compared to $0.9 billion and $1.8 billion outstanding as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. We continue to monitor the commercial paper markets and will act in a prudent manner. Should
commercial paper issuance be unavailable, we intend to use a combination of cash on hand and/or our $2.4 billion senior credit facility to redeem our commercial paper when it matures. While there is no assurance in the current economic environment,
we believe the lenders participating in our senior credit facility will be willing and able to provide financing in accordance with their legal obligations. 

The value of our investments is influenced by varying economic and market conditions, and a decrease in value may result in a loss charged
to income. 

The market values of our
investments vary from time to time depending on economic and market conditions. For various reasons, we may sell certain of our investments at prices that are less than the carrying value of the investments. In addition, in periods of declining
interest rates, bond calls and mortgage loan prepayments generally increase, resulting in the reinvestment of these funds at the then lower market rates. We cannot assure you that our investment portfolios will produce positive returns in future
periods. 

Current and long-term available-for-sale
investment securities were $17.0 billion at December 31, 2009 and represented 33% of our total consolidated assets at December 31, 2009. In accordance with FASB guidance for debt and equity investments, we classify fixed maturity and
equity securities in our investment portfolio as “available-for-sale” or “trading” and report those securities at fair value. 

27 

Table of Contents

In accordance with applicable accounting standards, we review our investment securities to
determine if declines in fair value below cost are other-than-temporary. This review is subjective and requires a high degree of judgment. We conduct this review on a quarterly basis analyzing both quantitative and qualitative factors. Such factors
considered include the length of time and the extent to which market value has been less than cost, financial condition and near term prospects of the issuer, recommendations of investment advisors and forecasts of economic, market or industry
trends. This review process also entails an evaluation of our ability and intent to hold individual equity securities until they mature or full cost can be recovered. 

The current economic environment and recent volatility of securities markets increase the difficulty of
assessing investment impairment and the same influences tend to increase the risk of potential impairment of these assets. We believe we have adequately reviewed our investment securities for impairment and that our investment securities are carried
at fair value. However, over time, the economic and market environment may provide additional insight regarding the fair value of certain securities, which could change our judgment regarding impairment. Given the current market conditions and the
significant judgments involved, there is continuing risk that further declines in fair value may occur and material other-than-temporary impairments may be charged to income in future periods, resulting in realized losses. 

Regional concentrations of our business may subject us to
economic downturns in those regions. 

The
national economy has experienced a recent downturn, with the potential for continued higher unemployment. Most of our revenues are generated in the states of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Maine, Missouri, Nevada, New
Hampshire, New York, Ohio, Virginia and Wisconsin. Due to this concentration of business in these states, we are exposed to potential losses resulting from the risk of an economic downturn in these states. If economic conditions continue to
deteriorate, we may experience a reduction in existing and new business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

The health benefits industry is subject to negative
publicity, which can adversely affect our business and profitability. 

The health benefits industry is subject to negative publicity. Negative publicity may result in increased regulation and legislative review of industry practices, which may further increase our costs of
doing business and adversely affect our profitability by: adversely affecting our ability to market our products and services; requiring us to change our products and services; or increasing the regulatory burdens under which we operate. 

In addition, as long as we use the Blue Cross and Blue Shield
names and marks in marketing our health benefits products and services, any negative publicity concerning the BCBSA or other BCBSA licensees may adversely affect us and the sale of our health benefits products and services. Any such negative
publicity could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

We face competition in many of our markets and customers and brokers have flexibility in moving between competitors. 

As a health benefits company, we operate in a highly competitive
environment and in an industry that is currently subject to significant changes from business consolidations, new strategic alliances, legislative reform, aggressive marketing practices by other health benefits organizations and market pressures
brought about by an informed and organized customer base, particularly among large employers. This environment has produced and will likely continue to produce significant pressures on the profitability of health benefits companies. 

We are dependent on the non-exclusive services of independent
agents and brokers in the marketing of our health care products, particularly with respect to individuals, seniors and small employer group members. We face intense competition for the services and allegiance of these independent agents and brokers,
who may also

28 

Table of Contents

market the products of our competitors. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors or that competitive pressures faced by us will not
materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

We face intense competition to attract and retain employees. Further, managing Chief Executive Officer and key executive succession and
retention is critical to our success. 

We are
dependent on retaining existing employees and attracting additional qualified employees to meet current and future needs and achieving productivity gains from our investments in technology. We face intense competition for qualified employees, and
there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain such employees or that such competition among potential employers will not result in increasing salaries. An inability to retain existing employees or attract additional employees
could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

We would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for succession of our Chief Executive Officer, and senior management and
retention of key executives. While we have succession plans in place and we have employment arrangements with certain key executives, these do not guarantee that the services of these executives will continue to be available to us. 

A change in our health care product mix may impact our
profitability. 

Our health care products that
involve greater potential risk generally tend to be more profitable than administrative services products and those health care products where the employer groups assume the underwriting risks. Individuals and small employer groups are more likely
to purchase our higher-risk health care products because such purchasers are generally unable or unwilling to bear greater liability for health care expenditures. Typically, government-sponsored programs also involve our higher-risk health care
products. A shift of enrollees from more profitable products to less profitable products could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

As a holding company, we are dependent on dividends from our subsidiaries. These dividends are necessary to
pay our outstanding indebtedness. Our regulated subsidiaries are subject to state regulations, including restrictions on the payment of dividends, maintenance of minimum levels of capital and restrictions on investment portfolios. 

We are a holding company whose assets include all of the
outstanding shares of common stock of our subsidiaries including our intermediate holding companies and regulated insurance and HMO subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries are separate legal entities. As a holding company, we depend on dividends from our
subsidiaries. Furthermore, our subsidiaries are not obligated to make funds available to us, and creditors of our subsidiaries will have a superior claim to certain of our subsidiaries’ assets. Among other restrictions, state insurance and HMO
laws may restrict the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends. In some states we have made special undertakings that may limit the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends. In addition, our subsidiaries’ ability to
make any payments to us will also depend on their earnings, the terms of their indebtedness, business and tax considerations and other legal restrictions. Our ability to repurchase shares or pay dividends in the future to our shareholders and meet
our obligations, including paying operating expenses and debt service on our outstanding and future indebtedness, will depend upon the receipt of dividends from our subsidiaries. An inability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends in the future in an
amount sufficient for us to meet our financial obligations may materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

Most of our regulated subsidiaries are subject to RBC standards, imposed by their states of domicile. These
laws are based on the RBC Model Act adopted by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, or NAIC, and require our regulated subsidiaries to report their results of risk-based capital calculations to the

29 

Table of Contents

departments of insurance and the NAIC. Failure to maintain the minimum RBC standards could subject our regulated subsidiaries to corrective action, including state supervision or liquidation. Our
regulated subsidiaries are currently in compliance with the risk-based capital or other similar requirements imposed by their respective states of domicile. As discussed in more detail below, we are a party to license agreements with the BCBSA which
contain certain requirements and restrictions regarding our operations, including minimum capital and liquidity requirements, which could restrict the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends. 

Our regulated subsidiaries are subject to state laws and
regulations that require diversification of our investment portfolios and limit the amount of investments in certain riskier investment categories, such as below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities, mortgage loans, real estate and equity
investments, which could generate higher returns on our investments. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations might cause investments exceeding regulatory limitations to be treated as non-admitted assets for purposes of measuring statutory
surplus and risk-based capital, and, in some instances, require the sale of those investments. 

We have substantial indebtedness outstanding and may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Such indebtedness could also adversely affect our ability to pursue desirable business opportunities.

As of December 31, 2009, we had
indebtedness outstanding of approximately $8.4 billion and had available borrowing capacity of approximately $2.4 billion under our revolving credit facility, which expires on September 30, 2011. Our debt service obligations require us to use a
portion of our cash flow to pay interest and principal on debt instead of for other corporate purposes, including funding future expansion. If our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to service our debt obligations, we may be forced to
seek extraordinary dividends from our subsidiaries, sell assets, seek additional equity or debt capital or restructure our debt. However, these measures might be unsuccessful or inadequate in permitting us to meet scheduled debt service obligations.

We may also incur future debt obligations that
might subject us to restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and operational flexibility. Our breach or failure to comply with any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit agreements. If we default under our credit
agreements, the lenders could cease to make further extensions of credit or cause all of our outstanding debt obligations under our credit agreements to become immediately due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest. If the
indebtedness under our notes or our credit agreements is accelerated, we may be unable to repay or finance the amounts due. Indebtedness could also limit our ability to pursue desirable business opportunities, and may affect our ability to maintain
an investment grade rating for our indebtedness. 

We face risks related to litigation. 

We are, or may in the future, be a party to a variety of legal actions that affect any business, such as employment and employment discrimination-related suits and administrative charges before government agencies, employee benefit claims,
breach of contract actions, tort claims and intellectual property-related litigation. In addition, because of the nature of our business, we are subject to a variety of legal actions relating to our business operations, including the design,
management and offering of our products and services. These could include claims relating to the denial of health care benefits; the rescission of health insurance policies; development or application of medical policy; medical malpractice actions;
allegations of anti-competitive and unfair business activities; provider disputes over compensation; provider tiering programs; termination of provider contracts; self-funded business; disputes over co-payment calculations; the PBM business, which
was sold on December 1, 2009; reimbursement of out-of-network claims; the failure to disclose certain business or corporate governance practices; and customer audits and contract performance, including government contracts. 

Recent court decisions and legislative activity may increase our
exposure for any of these types of claims. In some cases, substantial non-economic, treble or punitive damages may be sought. We currently have insurance coverage for some of these potential liabilities. Other potential liabilities may not be
covered by insurance,

30 

Table of Contents

insurers may dispute coverage or the amount of insurance may not be enough to cover the damages awarded. In addition, certain types of damages, such as punitive damages, may not be covered by
insurance, and insurance coverage for all or certain forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future. Any adverse judgment against us resulting in such damage awards could have an adverse effect on our cash flows,
results of operations and financial condition. 

In
addition, we are also involved in pending and threatened litigation of the character incidental to the business transacted, arising out of our operations and our 2001 demutualization, and are from time to time involved as a party in various
governmental investigations, audits, reviews and administrative proceedings. These investigations, audits and reviews include routine and special investigations by various state insurance departments, state attorneys general and the U.S. Attorney
General. Such investigations could result in the imposition of civil or criminal fines, penalties and other sanctions. We believe that any liability that may result from any one of these actions, or in the aggregate, is unlikely to have a material
adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations or financial position. 

For additional information concerning legal actions affecting us, see Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings, of this Form 10-K. 

We are a party to license agreements with the BCBSA that entitle us to the exclusive and in certain areas
non-exclusive use of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield names and marks in our geographic territories. The termination of these license agreements or changes in the terms and conditions of these license agreements could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

We use the Blue Cross and Blue Shield names and marks as identifiers for our products and services under licenses from the BCBSA. Our license agreements with the BCBSA contain certain requirements and
restrictions regarding our operations and our use of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield names and marks, including: minimum capital and liquidity requirements imposed by the BCBSA; enrollment and customer service performance requirements; participation
in programs that provide portability of membership between plans; disclosures to the BCBSA relating to enrollment and financial conditions; disclosures as to the structure of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield system in contracts with third parties and
in public statements; plan governance requirements; a requirement that at least 80% (or, in the case of Blue Cross of California, substantially all) of a licensee’s annual combined local net revenue, as defined by the BCBSA, attributable to
health benefit plans within its service areas must be sold, marketed, administered or underwritten under the Blue Cross and Blue Shield names and marks; a requirement that at least 66 2

/
3
% of a licensee’s annual combined national net revenue, as
defined by the BCBSA, attributable to health benefit plans must be sold, marketed, administered or underwritten under the Blue Cross and Blue Shield names and marks; a requirement that neither a plan nor any of its licensed affiliates may permit an
entity other than a plan or a licensed affiliate to obtain control of the plan or the licensed affiliate or to acquire a substantial portion of its assets related to licensable services; a requirement that we guarantee certain contractual and
financial obligations of our licensed affiliates; and a requirement that we indemnify the BCBSA against any claims asserted against it resulting from the contractual and financial obligations of any subsidiary that serves as a fiscal intermediary
providing administrative services for Medicare Parts A and B. Failure to comply with the foregoing requirements could result in a termination of the license agreements. 

The standards under the license agreements may be modified in certain instances by the BCBSA. For example, from
time to time there have been proposals considered by the BCBSA to modify the terms of the license agreements to restrict various potential business activities of licensees. These proposals have included, among other things, a limitation on the
ability of a licensee to make its provider networks available to insurance carriers or other entities not holding a Blue Cross or Blue Shield license. To the extent that such amendments to the license agreements are adopted in the future, they could
have a material adverse effect on our future expansion plans or results of operations. 

Upon the occurrence of an event causing termination of the license agreements, we would no longer have the right to use the Blue Cross and Blue Shield names and marks in one or more of our service areas.

31 

Table of Contents

Furthermore, the BCBSA would be free to issue a license to use the Blue Cross and Blue Shield names and marks in these service areas to another entity. Events that could cause the termination of
a license agreement with the BCBSA include failure to comply with minimum capital requirements imposed by the BCBSA, a change of control or violation of the BCBSA ownership limitations on our capital stock, impending financial insolvency and the
appointment of a trustee or receiver or the commencement of any action against a licensee seeking its dissolution. We believe that the Blue Cross and Blue Shield names and marks are valuable identifiers of our products and services in the
marketplace. Accordingly, termination of the license agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Upon termination of a license agreement, the BCBSA would impose a “Re-establishment Fee” upon us,
which would allow the BCBSA to “re-establish” a Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield presence in the vacated service area. Through December 31, 2009 the fee was set at $91.23 per licensed enrollee. As of December 31, 2009 we reported
28.3 million Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield enrollees. If the Re-establishment Fee was applied to our total Blue Cross and/or Blue Shield enrollees, we would be assessed approximately $2.6 billion by the BCBSA. 

Large-scale medical emergencies may have a material adverse
effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

Large-scale medical emergencies can take many forms and can cause widespread illness and death. For example, federal and state law enforcement officials have issued warnings about potential terrorist
activity involving biological and other weapons. In addition, natural disasters such as hurricanes and the potential for a wide-spread pandemic of influenza coupled with the lack of availability of appropriate preventative medicines can have a
significant impact on the health of the population of wide-spread areas. If the United States were to experience widespread bioterrorism or other attacks, large-scale natural disasters in our concentrated coverage areas or a large-scale pandemic or
epidemic, our covered medical expenses could rise and we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations or, in the event of extreme circumstances, our viability could be
threatened. 

We have built a significant
portion of our current business through mergers and acquisitions and we expect to pursue acquisitions in the future. 

The following are some of the risks associated with acquisitions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations: 

•

 some of the acquired businesses may not achieve anticipated revenues, earnings or cash flow; 

•

 we may assume liabilities that were not disclosed to us or which were under-estimated; 

•

 we may be unable to integrate acquired businesses successfully, or as quickly as expected, and realize anticipated economic, operational and other
benefits in a timely manner, which could result in substantial costs and delays or other operational, technical or financial problems; 

•

 acquisitions could disrupt our ongoing business, distract management, divert resources and make it difficult to maintain our current business
standards, controls and procedures; 

•

 we may finance future acquisitions by issuing common stock for some or all of the purchase price, which could dilute the ownership interests of our
shareholders; 

•

 we may also incur additional debt related to future acquisitions; and 

•

 we would be competing with other firms, some of which may have greater financial and other resources, to acquire attractive companies.

The value of our intangible
assets may become impaired. 

Due largely to
our past mergers and acquisitions, goodwill and other intangible assets represent a substantial portion of our assets. Goodwill and other intangible assets were approximately $21.5 billion as of December 31,

32 

Table of Contents

2009, representing approximately 41% of our total assets and 87% of our consolidated shareholders’ equity at December 31, 2009. If we make additional acquisitions it is likely that we
will record additional intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheets. 

In accordance with applicable accounting standards, we periodically evaluate our goodwill and other intangible assets to determine whether all or a portion of their carrying values may no longer be
recoverable, in which case a charge to income may be necessary. This impairment testing requires us to make assumptions and judgments regarding the estimated fair value of our reporting units, including goodwill and other intangibles (with
indefinite lives). In addition, certain other intangible assets with indefinite lives, such as trademarks, are also tested separately. Estimated fair values developed based on our assumptions and judgments might be significantly different if other
reasonable assumptions and estimates were to be used. If estimated fair values are less than the carrying values of goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives in future impairment tests, or if significant impairment indicators are
noted relative to other intangible assets subject to amortization, we may be required to record impairment losses against future income. 

Any future evaluations requiring an impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets could materially affect our results of operations
and shareholders’ equity in the period in which the impairment occurs. A material decrease in shareholders’ equity could, in turn, negatively impact our debt ratings or potentially impact our compliance with existing debt covenants.

We may not be able to realize the value of our
deferred tax assets. 

In accordance with
applicable accounting standards, we separately recognize deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. Such deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities represent the tax effect of temporary differences between financial reporting and tax
reporting measured at tax rates enacted at the time the deferred tax asset or liability is recorded. 

At each financial reporting date, we evaluate our deferred tax assets to determine the likely realization of the benefit of the temporary
differences. Our evaluation includes a review of the types of temporary differences that created the deferred tax asset; the amount of taxes paid on both capital gains and ordinary income in prior periods and available for a carry-back claim; the
forecasted future taxable income, and therefore, the likely future deduction of the deferred tax item; and any other significant issues that might impact the realization of the deferred tax asset. While we have certain tax planning strategies that
we believe will enable us to fully utilize all remaining deferred tax assets, if it is “more likely than not” that all or a portion of the deferred tax asset may not be realized, we will establish a valuation allowance. Significant
judgment is required in determining an appropriate valuation allowance. 

Any future increase in the valuation allowance would result in additional income tax expense and a decrease in shareholders’ equity, which could materially affect our financial position and results
of operations in the period in which the increase occurs. A material decrease in shareholders’ equity could, in turn, negatively impact our debt ratings or potentially impact our compliance with existing debt covenants. 

An unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential
member information could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation and profitability. 

As part of our normal operations, we collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential member information. We are subject to various
federal, state and international laws and rules regarding the use and disclosure of sensitive or confidential member information, including HIPAA and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Despite the security measures we have in place to ensure compliance
with applicable laws and rules, our facilities and systems, and those of our third party service providers, may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other
similar events. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential member information, whether by us or by one of our vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
reputation and results of operations. 

33 

Table of Contents

The failure to effectively maintain and upgrade our information systems could adversely
affect our business. 

Our business depends
significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses. As a result of our merger and acquisition activities, we have acquired additional systems. Our information systems require an
ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing
customer preferences. In addition, we may from time to time obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services or facilities from independent third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable to such third parties’
failure to perform adequately. 

Our failure to
maintain effective and efficient information systems, or our failure to efficiently and effectively consolidate our information systems to eliminate redundant or obsolete applications, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. If the information we rely upon to run our business were found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to maintain our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could have a decrease in
membership, have problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing and reserves, have disputes with customers and providers, have regulatory problems, sanctions or penalties imposed, have increases in operating
expenses or suffer other adverse consequences. In addition, as we convert or migrate members to our more efficient and effective systems, the risk of disruption in our customer service is increased during the migration or conversion process and such
disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are working towards becoming a premier e-business organization by modernizing interactions with customers, brokers, agents, providers,
employees and other stakeholders through web-enabling technology and redesigning internal operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to fully realize our e-business vision. The failure to maintain successful e-business capabilities could
result in competitive and cost disadvantages to us as compared to our competitors. 

We are dependent on the success of our relationship with a large vendor for a significant portion of our information system resources and certain other vendors for various other services.

We have an agreement with International
Business Machines Corporation, or IBM, pursuant to which we outsourced a significant portion of our data center operations and certain core applications development. We are dependent upon IBM for these support functions. The IBM agreement includes
service level agreements, or SLAs, related to issues such as performance and job disruption, with significant financial penalties if these SLAs are not met, as well as termination assistance provisions obligating IBM to provide services during
periods following transitions or terminations. If our relationship with IBM is significantly disrupted for any reason, we may not be able to find an alternative partner in a timely manner or on acceptable financial terms. As a result, we may not be
able to meet the demands of our customers and, in turn, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed. We also outsource a component of our data center to another vendor, which could assume much of the IBM
work and mitigate business disruption should a termination with IBM occur. We may not be adequately indemnified against all possible losses through the terms and conditions of the IBM agreement. In addition, some of our termination rights are
contingent upon payment of a fee, which may be significant. 

We have also entered into a ten year contract for Express Scripts to provide PBM services to our members in connection with the sale of our PBM business to Express Scripts in December 2009. If this
relationship was terminated for any reason, we may not be able to find alternative partners in a timely manner or on acceptable financial terms. As a result, we may not be able to meet the full demands of our customers, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations. 

34 

Table of Contents

We have also entered into agreements with large vendors pursuant to which we have outsourced
certain functions such as data entry related to claims and billing processes and call center operations for member and provider queries as well as certain Medicare Part D sales. If these vendor relationships were terminated for any reason, we may
not be able to find alternative partners in a timely manner or on acceptable financial terms. As a result, we may not be able to meet the full demands of our customers and, in turn, our business, cash flow, financial condition and results of
operations may be harmed. 

Indiana law, and
other applicable laws, and our articles of incorporation and bylaws, may prevent or discourage takeovers and business combinations that our shareholders might consider in their best interest. 

Indiana law and our articles of incorporation and bylaws may
delay, defer, prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that our shareholders might consider in their best interests. For instance, they may prevent our shareholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our
common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if they are viewed as discouraging takeover
attempts in the future. 

We are regulated as an
insurance holding company and subject to the insurance holding company acts of the states in which our insurance company subsidiaries are domiciled, as well as similar provisions included in the health statutes and regulations of certain states
where these subsidiaries are regulated as managed care companies or HMOs. The insurance holding company acts and regulations and these similar health provisions restrict the ability of any person to obtain control of an insurance company or HMO
without prior regulatory approval. Under those statutes and regulations, without such approval (or an exemption), no person may acquire any voting security of a domestic insurance company or HMO, or an insurance holding company which controls an
insurance company or HMO, or merge with such a holding company, if as a result of such transaction such person would “control” the insurance holding company, insurance company or HMO. “Control” is generally defined as the direct
or indirect power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person and is presumed to exist if a person directly or indirectly owns or controls 10% or more of the voting securities of another person. 

Further, the Indiana corporation law contains business
combination provisions that, in general, prohibit for five years any business combination with a beneficial owner of 10% or more of our common stock unless the holder’s acquisition of the stock was approved in advance by our Board of Directors.
The Indiana corporation law also contains control share acquisition provisions that limit the ability of certain shareholders to vote their shares unless their control share acquisition is approved in advance. In addition, pursuant to a recent
amendment to the Indiana corporation law, we are required to divide our Board of Directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms. Our license agreement with the BCBSA requires, and our articles of incorporation and by-laws provide,
the same. 

Our articles of incorporation restrict
the beneficial ownership of our capital stock in excess of specific ownership limits. The ownership limits restrict beneficial ownership of our voting capital stock to less than 10% for institutional investors and less than 5% for non-institutional
investors, both as defined in our articles of incorporation. Additionally, no person may beneficially own shares of our common stock representing a 20% or more ownership interest in us. These restrictions are intended to ensure our compliance with
the terms of our licenses with the BCBSA. Our articles of incorporation prohibit ownership of our capital stock beyond these ownership limits without prior approval of a majority of our continuing directors (as defined in our articles of
incorporation). In addition, as discussed above in the risk factor describing our license agreements with the BCBSA, such license agreements are subject to termination upon a change of control and re-establishment fees would be imposed upon
termination of the license agreements. 

Certain
other provisions included in our articles of incorporation and bylaws may also have anti-takeover effects and may delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt that our shareholders might consider in their best interests. In particular, our articles of
incorporation and by-laws: permit our Board of Directors to determine the

35 

Table of Contents

terms of and issue one or more series of preferred stock without further action by shareholders; restrict the maximum number of directors; limit the ability of shareholders to remove directors;
impose restrictions on shareholders’ ability to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors; prohibit shareholders from calling special meetings of shareholders; impose advance notice requirements for shareholder proposals and nominations of
directors to be considered at meetings of shareholders; impose restrictions on shareholders’ ability to amend our articles of incorporation; and prohibit shareholders from amending our bylaws. 

We also face other risks that could adversely affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations, which include: 

•

 any requirement to restate financial results in the event of inappropriate application of accounting principles; 

•

 a significant failure of our internal control over financial reporting; 

•

 our inability to convert to international financial reporting standards, if required; 

•

 failure of our prevention and control systems related to employee compliance with internal polices, including data security;

•

 provider fraud that is not prevented or detected and impacts our medical costs or those of self-insured customers; 

•

 failure to protect our proprietary information; and 

•

 failure of our corporate governance policies or procedures. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED SEC STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

36 

Table of Contents