Our business activities and the value of our securities are
 subject to significant hazards and risks, including those
 described below. If any of such events should occur, our
 business, financial condition, liquidity
 and/or
 results of operations could be materially harmed, and holders
 and purchasers of our securities could lose part or all of their
 investments. Additional risks relating to our securities may be
 included in the prospectuses for securities we issue in the
 future.

 Future
 economic conditions in the U.S. and key international markets
 may materially adversely impact our operating
 results.

 The U.S. and other world economies are slowly recovering
 from a recession that began in 2008 and extended into 2009.
 Growth has resumed but is modest. There are likely to be
 significant long-term effects resulting from the recession and
 credit market crisis, including a future global economic growth
 rate that is slower than we have experienced in recent years. In
 addition, more volatility may occur before a sustainable growth
 rate is achieved. Global economic growth drives demand for
 energy from all sources, including fossil fuels. A lower future
 economic growth rate could result in decreased demand growth for
 our crude oil and natural gas production as well as lower
 commodity prices, which would reduce our cash flows from
 operations and our profitability.

 Crude
 oil and natural gas prices are volatile and a substantial
 reduction in these prices could adversely affect our results and
 the price of our common stock.

 Our revenues, operating results and future rate of growth depend
 highly upon the prices we receive for our crude oil and natural
 gas production. Historically, the markets for crude oil and
 natural gas have been volatile and are likely to continue to be
 volatile in the future. For example, the NYMEX daily settlement
 price for the prompt month oil contract in 2009 ranged from a
 high of $81.37 per barrel to a low of $33.98 per barrel. The
 NYMEX daily settlement price for the prompt month natural gas
 contract in 2009 ranged from a high of $6.07 per MMBtu to a low
 of $2.51 per MMBtu. The market prices for crude oil and natural
 gas depend on factors beyond our control. These factors include
 demand for crude oil and natural gas, which fluctuates with
 changes in market and economic conditions, and other factors,
 including:

 • 

 worldwide and domestic supplies of crude oil and natural gas;

 • 

 actions taken by foreign oil and gas producing nations;

 21

Table of Contents

 • 

 political conditions and events (including instability or armed
 conflict) in crude oil or natural gas producing regions;

 • 

 the level of global crude oil and natural gas inventories;

 • 

 the price and level of imported foreign crude oil and natural
 gas;

 • 

 the price and availability of alternative fuels, including coal
 and biofuels;

 • 

 the availability of pipeline capacity and infrastructure;

 • 

 the availability of crude oil transportation and refining
 capacity;

 • 

 weather conditions;

 • 

 electricity generation;

 • 

 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; and

 • 

 the overall economic environment.

 Significant declines in crude oil and natural gas prices for an
 extended period may have the following effects on our business:

 • 

 limiting our financial condition, liquidity,
 and/or
 ability to fund planned capital expenditures and operations;

 • 

 reducing the amount of crude oil and natural gas that we can
 produce economically;

 • 

 causing us to delay or postpone some of our capital projects;

 • 

 reducing our revenues, operating income and cash flows;

 • 

 limiting our access to sources of capital, such as equity and
 long-term debt;

 • 

 a reduction in the carrying value of our crude oil and natural
 gas properties; or

 • 

 a reduction in the carrying value of goodwill.

 We recorded asset impairment charges during 2009. If commodity
 prices decline during 2010, there could be additional
 impairments of our oil and gas assets or other investments or an
 impairment of goodwill.

 Our
 ability to sell natural gas or oil and/or receive market prices
 for our natural gas or oil may be adversely affected by pipeline
 and gathering system capacity constraints and various
 transportation interruptions.

 A portion of our natural gas and oil production in any region
 may be interrupted, or shut in, from time to time for numerous
 reasons, including as a result of weather conditions, accidents,
 loss of pipeline or gathering system access, field labor issues
 or strikes, or capital constraints that limit the ability of
 third parties to construct gathering systems, processing
 facilities or interstate pipelines to transport our production,
 or we might voluntarily curtail production in response to market
 conditions. If a substantial amount of our production is
 interrupted at the same time, it could temporarily adversely
 affect our cash flow.

 Weather
 and climate may have a significant adverse impact on our
 revenues and productivity.

 Demand for oil and natural gas are, to a significant degree,
 dependent on weather and climate, which impact the price we
 receive for the commodities we produce. In addition, our
 exploration and development activities and equipment can be
 adversely affected by severe weather, such as hurricanes in the
 Gulf of Mexico or cyclones offshore Australia, which may cause a
 loss of production from temporary cessation of activity or lost
 or damaged equipment. Our planning for normal climatic
 variation, insurance programs, and emergency recovery plans may
 inadequately mitigate the effects of such weather, and not all
 such effects can be predicted, eliminated or insured against.

 22

Table of Contents

 Our
 commodity price risk management and trading activities may
 prevent us from benefiting fully from price increases and may
 expose us to other risks.

 To the extent that we engage in price risk management activities
 to protect ourselves from commodity price declines, we may be
 prevented from realizing the full benefits of price increases
 above the levels of the derivative instruments used to manage
 price risk. In addition, our hedging arrangements may expose us
 to the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances,
 including instances in which:

 • 

 our production falls short of the hedged volumes;

 • 

 there is a widening of price-basis differentials between
 delivery points for our production and the delivery point
 assumed in the hedge arrangement;

 • 

 the counterparties to our hedging or other price risk management
 contracts fail to perform under those arrangements; or

 • 

 a sudden unexpected event materially impacts oil and natural gas
 prices.

 The
 credit risk of financial institutions could adversely affect
 us.

 We have exposure to different counterparties, and we have
 entered into transactions with counterparties in the financial
 services industry, including commercial banks, investment banks,
 insurance companies, other investment funds and other
 institutions. These transactions expose us to credit risk in the
 event of default of our counterparty. Deterioration in the
 credit markets may impact the credit ratings of our current and
 potential counterparties and affect their ability to fulfill
 their existing obligations to us and their willingness to enter
 into future transactions with us. We have exposure to these
 financial institutions in the form of derivative transactions in
 connection with our hedges. We also maintain insurance policies
 with insurance companies to protect us against certain risks
 inherent in our business. In addition, if any lender under our
 credit facility is unable to fund its commitment, our liquidity
 will be reduced by an amount up to the aggregate amount of such
 lender’s commitment under our credit facility.

 We are
 exposed to counterparty credit risk as a result of our
 receivables.

 We are exposed to risk of financial loss from trade, joint
 venture, joint interest billing and other receivables. We sell
 our crude oil, natural gas and NGLs to a variety of purchasers.
 As operator, we pay expenses and bill our non-operating partners
 for their respective shares of costs. Some of our purchasers and
 non-operating partners may experience liquidity problems and may
 not be able to meet their financial obligations. Nonperformance
 by a trade creditor or non-operating partner could result in
 significant financial losses.

 A
 downgrade in our credit rating could negatively impact our cost
 of and ability to access capital.

 We receive debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies in
 the United States. Factors that may impact our credit ratings
 include debt levels, planned asset purchases or sales and
 near-term and long-term production growth opportunities.
 Liquidity, asset quality, cost structure, reserve mix and
 commodity pricing levels could also be considered by the rating
 agencies. Apache’s senior unsecured long-term debt is
 currently rated A3 by Moody’s, A- by Standard &
 Poor’s and A- by Fitch. The Company has received short-term
 debt ratings for its commercial paper program of
 P-2 from
 Moody’s,

A-2 from
 Standard & Poor’s and F2 from Fitch. In September
 2009 Fitch downgraded Apache’s senior unsecured long-term
 debt and short-term debt from A and F1 to A- and F2,
 respectively. The current outlook at all three rating agencies
 is stable. A further ratings downgrade could adversely impact
 our ability to access debt markets in the future, increase the
 cost of future debt and potentially require the Company to post
 letters of credit in certain circumstances.

 Market
 conditions may restrict our ability to obtain funds for future
 development and working capital needs, which may limit our
 financial flexibility.

 During 2009 credit markets recovered but remain vulnerable to
 unpredictable shocks. We have a significant development project
 inventory and an extensive exploration portfolio, which will
 require substantial future investment. We
 and/or our
 partners may need to seek financing in order to fund these or
 other future activities.

 23

Table of Contents

 Our future access to capital, as well as that of our partners
 and contractors, could be limited if the debt or equity markets
 are constrained. This could significantly delay development of
 our property interests.

 Discoveries
 or acquisitions of additional reserves are needed to avoid a
 material decline in reserves and production.

 The production rate from oil and gas properties generally
 declines as reserves are depleted, while related
 per-unit
 production costs generally increase as a result of decreasing
 reservoir pressures and other factors. Therefore, unless we add
 reserves through exploration and development activities or,
 through engineering studies, identify additional behind-pipe
 zones, secondary recovery reserves or tertiary recovery
 reserves, or acquire additional properties containing proved
 reserves, our estimated proved reserves will decline materially
 as reserves are produced. Future oil and gas production is,
 therefore, highly dependent upon our level of success in
 acquiring or finding additional reserves on an economic basis.
 Furthermore, if oil or gas prices increase, our cost for
 additional reserves could also increase.

 We may
 not realize an adequate return on wells that we
 drill.

 Drilling for oil and gas involves numerous risks, including the
 risk that we will not encounter commercially productive oil or
 gas reservoirs. The wells we drill or participate in may not be
 productive, and we may not recover all or any portion of our
 investment in those wells. The seismic data and other
 technologies we use do not allow us to know conclusively prior
 to drilling a well that crude or natural gas is present or may
 be produced economically. The costs of drilling, completing and
 operating wells are often uncertain, and drilling operations may
 be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of a variety of
 factors including, but not limited to:

 • 

 unexpected drilling conditions;

 • 

 pressure or irregularities in formations;

 • 

 equipment failures or accidents;

 • 

 fires, explosions, blowouts and surface cratering;

 • 

 marine risks such as capsizing, collisions and hurricanes;

 • 

 other adverse weather conditions; and

 • 

 increase in the cost of, or shortages or delays in the
 availability of, drilling rigs and equipment.

 Future drilling activities may not be successful and, if
 unsuccessful, this failure could have an adverse effect on our
 future results of operations and financial condition. While all
 drilling, whether developmental or exploratory, involves these
 risks, exploratory drilling involves greater risks of dry holes
 or failure to find commercial quantities of hydrocarbons.

 Material
 differences between the estimated and actual timing of critical
 events may affect the completion and commencement of production
 from development projects.

 We are involved in several large development projects whose
 completion may be delayed beyond our anticipated completion
 dates. Our projects may be delayed by project approvals from
 joint venture partners, timely issuances of permits and licenses
 by governmental agencies, weather conditions, manufacturing and
 delivery schedules of critical equipment, and other unforeseen
 events. Delays and differences between estimated and actual
 timing of critical events may adversely affect our large
 development projects and our ability to participate in large
 scale development projects in the future.

 We may
 fail to fully identify potential problems related to acquired
 reserves or to properly estimate those reserves.

 Although we perform a review of properties that we acquire that
 we believe is consistent with industry practices, such reviews
 are inherently incomplete. It generally is not feasible to
 review in depth every individual property involved in each
 acquisition. Ordinarily, we will focus our review efforts on the
 higher-value properties

 24

Table of Contents

 and will sample the remainder. However, even a detailed review
 of records and properties may not necessarily reveal existing or
 potential problems, nor will it permit us as a buyer to become
 sufficiently familiar with the properties to assess fully and
 accurately their deficiencies and potential. Inspections may not
 always be performed on every well, and environmental problems,
 such as groundwater contamination, are not necessarily
 observable even when an inspection is undertaken. Even when
 problems are identified, we often assume certain environmental
 and other risks and liabilities in connection with acquired