Our business activities and
the value of our securities are subject to significant hazards and risks, including those described below. If any of such events should occur, our business, financial condition, liquidity, and/or results of operations could be materially harmed, and
holders and purchasers of our securities could lose part or all of their investments. Additional risks relating to our securities may be included in the prospectuses for securities we issue in the future. 

Crude oil and natural gas price volatility, including the recent decline in prices for oil and natural gas, could adversely affect our
operating results and the price of our common stock.

Our revenues, operating results, and future rate of growth depend highly upon
the prices we receive for our crude oil and natural gas production. Historically, the markets for crude oil and natural gas have been volatile and are likely to continue to be volatile in the future. For example, the NYMEX daily settlement price for
the prompt month oil contract in 2014 ranged from a high of $107.26 per barrel to a low of $53.27 per barrel. The NYMEX daily settlement price for the prompt month natural gas contract in 2014 ranged from a high of $6.15 per MMBtu to a low of $2.89
per MMBtu. The market prices for crude oil and natural gas depend on factors beyond our control. These factors include demand for crude oil and natural gas, which fluctuates with changes in market and economic conditions, and other factors,
including: 

•

worldwide and domestic supplies of crude oil and natural gas; 

•

actions taken by foreign oil and gas producing nations; 

•

political conditions and events (including instability, changes in governments, or armed conflict) in crude oil or natural gas producing regions; 

•

the level of global crude oil and natural gas inventories; 

•

the price and level of imported foreign crude oil and natural gas; 

•

the price and availability of alternative fuels, including coal and biofuels; 

•

the availability of pipeline capacity and infrastructure; 

•

the availability of crude oil transportation and refining capacity; 

•

weather conditions; 

•

domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; and 

•

the overall economic environment. 

Our results of operations, as well as the carrying value of
our oil and gas properties, are substantially dependent upon the prices of oil and natural gas, which have declined significantly since June 2014. Lower crude oil and natural gas prices for an extended period may have the following effects on
our business: 

•

limiting our financial condition, liquidity, and/or ability to fund planned capital expenditures and operations; 

•

reducing the amount of crude oil and natural gas that we can produce economically; 

•

causing us to delay or postpone some of our capital projects; 

•

reducing our revenues, operating income, and cash flows; 

•

limiting our access to sources of capital, such as equity and long-term debt; 

•

reducing the carrying value of our crude oil and natural gas properties resulting in additional non-cash write-downs; or 

•

reducing the carrying value of goodwill. 

18 

Table of Contents

Our ability to sell natural gas or oil and/or receive market prices for our natural gas or
oil may be adversely affected by pipeline and gathering system capacity constraints and various transportation interruptions. 

A
portion of our natural gas and oil production in any region may be interrupted, limited, or shut in, from time to time for numerous reasons, including as a result of weather conditions, accidents, loss of pipeline or gathering system access, field
labor issues or strikes, or capital constraints that limit the ability of third parties to construct gathering systems, processing facilities, or interstate pipelines to transport our production, or we might voluntarily curtail production in
response to market conditions. If a substantial amount of our production is interrupted at the same time, it could temporarily adversely affect our cash flows. 

Future economic conditions in the U.S. and certain international markets may materially adversely impact our operating
results.

Current global market conditions, and uncertainty, including economic instability in Europe and certain emerging markets,
is likely to have significant long-term effects. Global economic growth drives demand for energy from all sources, including fossil fuels. A lower future economic growth rate could result in decreased demand growth for our crude oil and natural gas
production as well as lower commodity prices, which would reduce our cash flows from operations and our profitability. 
Weather and
climate may have a significant adverse impact on our revenues and productivity. 

Demand for oil and natural gas are, to a degree,
dependent on weather and climate, which impact the price we receive for the commodities we produce. In addition, our exploration and development activities and equipment can be adversely affected by severe weather, such as freezing temperatures,
hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, storms in the North Sea, or cyclones offshore Australia, which may cause a loss of production from temporary cessation of activity or lost or damaged equipment. Our planning for normal climatic variation, insurance
programs, and emergency recovery plans may inadequately mitigate the effects of such weather conditions, and not all such effects can be predicted, eliminated, or insured against. 

Our operations involve a high degree of operational risk, particularly risk of personal injury, damage, or loss of equipment, and
environmental accidents. 

Our operations are subject to hazards and risks inherent in the drilling, production, and transportation
of crude oil and natural gas, including: 

•

well blowouts, explosions, and cratering; 

•

pipeline or other facility ruptures and spills; 

•

fires; 

•

formations with abnormal pressures; 

•

equipment malfunctions; 

•

hurricanes, storms, and/or cyclones, which could affect our operations in areas such as on- and offshore the Gulf Coast, North Sea, and Australia, and other natural disasters and weather conditions; and

•

surface spillage and surface or ground water contamination from petroleum constituents, saltwater, or hydraulic fracturing chemical additives. 

Failure or loss of equipment as the result of equipment malfunctions, cyber attacks, or natural disasters such as hurricanes, could result in
property damages, personal injury, environmental pollution and other damages for which we could be liable. Litigation arising from a catastrophic occurrence, such as a well blowout, explosion, or fire at a location where our equipment and services
are used, or ground water contamination from hydraulic fracturing chemical additives may result in substantial claims for damages. Ineffective containment of a drilling 

19 

Table of Contents

well blowout or pipeline rupture, or surface spillage and surface or ground water contamination from petroleum constituents or hydraulic fracturing chemical additives could result in extensive
environmental pollution and substantial remediation expenses. If a significant amount of our production is interrupted, our containment efforts prove to be ineffective or litigation arises as the result of a catastrophic occurrence, our cash flows,
and, in turn, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
Cyber attacks targeting systems and
infrastructure used by the oil and gas industry may adversely impact our operations. 

Our business has become increasingly
dependent on digital technologies to conduct certain exploration, development and production activities. We depend on digital technology to estimate quantities of oil and gas reserves, process and record financial and operating data, analyze
seismic and drilling information, communicate with our employees and third party partners, and conduct many of our activities. Unauthorized access to our digital technology could lead to operational disruption, data corruption or exposure,
communication interruption, loss of intellectual property, loss of confidential and fiduciary data, loss or corruption of reserves or other proprietary information. Also, digital technologies control nearly all of the oil and gas distribution and
refining systems in the United States and abroad which are necessary to transport and market our production. A cyber attack directed at oil and gas distribution systems could damage critical distribution and storage assets or the environment,
delay or prevent delivery of production to markets and make it difficult or impossible to accurately account for production and settle transactions. 

While we have experienced cyber attacks, we have not suffered any material losses relating to such attacks; however, there is no assurance
that we will not suffer such losses in the future. Further, as cyber attacks continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and
remediate any vulnerabilities to cyber attacks. 
The enactment of new or stricter laws and regulations and other related
developments in the Gulf of Mexico as well as our other locations following the Deepwater Horizon incident could adversely affect Apache’s business. 

In response to the Deepwater Horizon incident in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico in April 2010, and as directed by the Secretary of the U.S. Department
of the Interior, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (BOEM) and the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE) issued new guidelines and regulations regarding safety, environmental matters, drilling equipment, and decommissioning
applicable to drilling in the Gulf of Mexico. These new regulations imposed additional requirements with respect to development and production activities in the Gulf of Mexico and delayed the approval of applications to drill in both deepwater and
shallow-water areas. 
The enactment of new or stricter regulations in the United States and other countries and increased liability for
companies operating in this sector could adversely affect Apache’s operations in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico as well as in our other locations. 

Our commodity price risk management and trading activities may prevent us from benefiting fully from price increases and may expose us
to other risks. 

To the extent that we engage in price risk management activities to protect ourselves from commodity price
declines, we may be prevented from realizing the benefits of price increases above the levels of the derivative instruments used to manage price risk. In addition, our hedging arrangements may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain
circumstances, including instances in which: 

•

our production falls short of the hedged volumes; 

•

there is a widening of price-basis differentials between delivery points for our production and the delivery point assumed in the hedge arrangement; 

20 

Table of Contents

•

the counterparties to our hedging or other price risk management contracts fail to perform under those arrangements; or 

•

an unexpected event materially impacts oil and natural gas prices. 

The credit risk of
financial institutions could adversely affect us. 

We have exposure to different counterparties, and we have entered into
transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, investment banks, insurance companies, other investment funds, and other institutions. These transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of
default of our counterparty. Deterioration in the credit markets may impact the credit ratings of our current and potential counterparties and affect their ability to fulfill their existing obligations to us and their willingness to enter into
future transactions with us. We have exposure to financial institutions in the form of derivative transactions in connection with our hedges and insurance companies in the form of claims under our policies. In addition, if any lender under our
credit facility is unable to fund its commitment, our liquidity will be reduced by an amount up to the aggregate amount of such lender’s commitment under our credit facility. 

We are exposed to counterparty credit risk as a result of our receivables. 

We are exposed to risk of financial loss from trade, joint venture, joint interest billing, and other receivables. We sell our crude oil,
natural gas, and NGLs to a variety of purchasers. As operator, we pay expenses and bill our non-operating partners for their respective shares of costs. Some of our purchasers and non-operating partners may experience liquidity problems and may not
be able to meet their financial obligations. Nonperformance by a trade creditor or non-operating partner could result in significant financial losses. 

A downgrade in our credit rating could negatively impact our cost of and ability to access capital. 

We receive debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies in the United States. Factors that may impact our credit ratings include debt
levels, planned asset purchases or sales, and near-term and long-term production growth opportunities. Liquidity, asset quality, cost structure, product mix, and commodity pricing levels and others are also considered by the rating agencies. We have
been placed on negative watch by one rating agency and negative outlook by another rating agency. A ratings downgrade could adversely impact our ability to access debt markets in the future, increase the cost of future debt, and potentially require
us to post letters of credit or other forms of collateral for certain obligations. 
Market conditions may restrict our ability to
obtain funds for future development and working capital needs, which may limit our financial flexibility. 

The credit markets are
subject to fluctuation and are vulnerable to unpredictable shocks. We have a significant development project inventory and an extensive exploration portfolio, which will require substantial future investment. We and/or our partners may need to seek
financing in order to fund these or other future activities. Our future access to capital, as well as that of our partners and contractors, could be limited if the debt or equity markets are constrained. This could significantly delay development of
our property interests. 
Our ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to limitations. 

The payment of future dividends on our capital stock is subject to the discretion of our board of directors, which considers, among other
factors, our operating results, overall financial condition, credit-risk considerations, and capital requirements, as well as general business and market conditions. Our board of directors is not required to declare dividends on our common stock and
may decide not to declare dividends. 
Any indentures and other financing agreements that we enter into in the future may limit our ability
to pay cash dividends on our capital stock, including common stock. In addition, under Delaware law, dividends on capital stock may only be paid from “surplus,” which is defined as the amount by which our total assets exceeds

21 

Table of Contents

the sum of our total liabilities, including contingent liabilities, and the amount of our capital; if there is no surplus, cash dividends on capital stock may only be paid from our net profits
for the then current and/or the preceding fiscal year. Further, even if we are permitted under our contractual obligations and Delaware law to pay cash dividends on common stock, we may not have sufficient cash to pay dividends in cash on our common
stock. 
Discoveries or acquisitions of additional reserves are needed to avoid a material decline in reserves and production.

The production rate from oil and gas properties generally declines as reserves are depleted, while related per-unit production
costs generally increase as a result of decreasing reservoir pressures and other factors. Therefore, unless we add reserves through exploration and development activities or, through engineering studies, identify additional behind-pipe zones,
secondary recovery reserves, or tertiary recovery reserves, or acquire additional properties containing proved reserves, our estimated proved reserves will decline materially as reserves are produced. Future oil and gas production is, therefore,
highly dependent upon our level of success in acquiring or finding additional reserves on an economic basis. Furthermore, if oil or gas prices increase, our cost for additional reserves could also increase. 

We may not realize an adequate return on wells that we drill. 

Drilling for oil and gas involves numerous risks, including the risk that we will not encounter commercially productive oil or gas reservoirs.
The wells we drill or participate in may not be productive, and we may not recover all or any portion of our investment in those wells. The seismic data and other technologies we use do not allow us to know conclusively prior to drilling a well that
crude or natural gas is present or may be produced economically. The costs of drilling, completing, and operating wells are often uncertain, and drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed, or canceled as a result of a variety of factors
including, but not limited to: 

•

unexpected drilling conditions; 

•

pressure or irregularities in formations; 

•

equipment failures or accidents; 

•

fires, explosions, blowouts, and surface cratering; 

•

marine risks such as capsizing, collisions, and hurricanes; 

•

other adverse weather conditions; and 

•

increases in the cost of, or shortages or delays in the availability of, drilling rigs and equipment. 

Future drilling activities may not be successful, and, if unsuccessful, this failure could have an adverse effect on our future results of
operations and financial condition. While all drilling, whether developmental or exploratory, involves these risks, exploratory drilling involves greater risks of dry holes or failure to find commercial quantities of hydrocarbons. 

Material differences between the estimated and actual timing of critical events or costs may affect the completion and commencement of
production from development projects. 

We are involved in several large development projects and the completion of these projects
may be delayed beyond our anticipated completion dates. Our projects may be delayed by project approvals from joint venture partners, timely issuances of permits and licenses by governmental agencies, weather conditions, manufacturing and delivery
schedules of critical equipment, and other unforeseen events. Delays and differences between estimated and actual timing of critical events may adversely affect our large development projects and our ability to participate in large-scale development
projects in the future. In addition, our estimates of future development costs are based on current expectation of prices and other costs of equipment and personell we will need to 

22 

Table of Contents

implement such projects. Our actual future development costs may be significantly higher than we currently estimate. If costs become too high, our development projects may become uneconomic to us
and we may be forced to abandon such development projects. 
We may fail to fully identify potential problems related to acquired
reserves or to properly estimate those reserves. 

Although we perform a review of properties that we acquire that we believe is
consistent with industry practices, such reviews are inherently incomplete. It generally is not feasible to review in-depth every individual property involved in each acquisition. Ordinarily, we will focus our review efforts on the higher-value