Our business activities and the value of our securities are
subject to significant hazards and risks, including those
described below. If any of such events should occur, our
business, financial condition, liquidity and/or results of
operations could be materially harmed, and holders and
purchasers of our securities could lose part or all of their
investments. Additional risks relating to our securities may be
included in the prospectuses for securities we issue in the
future.

Our Profitability is Highly Dependent on the Prices of Crude
Oil, Natural Gas and Natural Gas Liquids, Which Have
Historically Been Very Volatile

Our estimated proved reserves, revenues, profitability,
operating cash flows and future rate of growth are highly
dependent on the prices of crude oil, natural gas and NGLs,
which are affected by numerous factors beyond our control.
Historically, these prices have been very volatile. A
significant downward trend in commodity prices would have a
material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and cash
flow, and could result in a reduction in the carrying value of
our oil and gas properties and the amounts of our estimated
proved oil and gas reserves.

Our Commodity Hedging May Prevent Us From Benefiting Fully
From Price Increases and May Expose Us to Other Risks

To the extent that we engage in hedging activities to protect
ourselves from commodity price volatility, we may be prevented
from realizing the benefits of price increases above the levels
of the hedges.

Acquisitions or Discoveries of Additional Reserves are Needed
to Avoid a Material Decline in Reserves and Production

The rate of production from oil and gas properties generally
declines as reserves are depleted. Except to the extent that we
acquire additional properties containing estimated proved
reserves, conduct successful

13

Table of Contents

exploration and development activities or, through engineering
studies, identify additional behind-pipe zones, secondary
recovery reserves or tertiary recovery reserves, our estimated
proved reserves will decline materially as reserves are
produced. Future oil and gas production is, therefore, highly
dependent upon our level of success in acquiring or finding
additional reserves.

Our Drilling Activities May Not Be Productive

Drilling for oil and gas involves numerous risks, including the
risk that we will not encounter commercially productive oil or
gas reservoirs. The costs of drilling, completing and operating
wells are often uncertain, and drilling operations may be
curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of a variety of
factors including, but not limited to:

• 

 unexpected drilling conditions;

• 

 pressure or irregularities in formations;

• 

 equipment failures or accidents;

• 

 fires, explosions, blowouts and surface cratering;

• 

 marine risks such as capsizing, collisions and hurricanes;

• 

 other adverse weather conditions; and

• 

 shortages or delays in the delivery of equipment.

Certain future drilling activities may not be successful and, if
unsuccessful, this failure could have an adverse effect on our
future results of operations and financial condition. While all
drilling, whether developmental or exploratory, involves these
risks, exploratory drilling involves greater risks of dry holes
or failure to find commercial quantities of hydrocarbons.

Risks Arising From the Failure to Fully Identify Potential
Problems Related to Acquired Reserves or to Properly Estimate
Those Reserves

One of our primary growth strategies is the acquisition of oil
and gas properties. Although we perform a review of the acquired