Forward Looking Statements

  The Company has made in
this report, and may from time to time otherwise make in other public filings, press releases and discussions with Company management, forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 concerning the Company’s operations, economic performance and financial condition. These forward looking statements include information concerning future production and reserves,
schedules, plans, timing of development, contributions from oil and gas properties, and those statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,”
“intends,” “estimates,” “projects,” “target,” “goal,” “plans,” “objective,” “should” or similar expressions or variations on such expressions. For such statements, the
Company claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward looking statements are
reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to have been correct. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company’s expectations include, but are not limited to, the
Company’s assumptions about energy markets, production levels, 

18 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

reserve levels, operating results, competitive conditions, technology, the availability of capital resources, capital expenditures and other contractual
obligations, the supply and demand for oil, natural gas, NGLs and other products or services, the price of oil, natural gas, NGLs and other products or services, the weather, inflation, the availability of goods and services, drilling risks, future
processing volumes and pipeline throughput, general economic conditions, either internationally or nationally or in the jurisdictions in which the Company or its subsidiaries are doing business, legislative or regulatory changes, including changes
in environmental regulation, environmental risks and liability under federal, state and foreign environmental laws and regulations, potential environmental obligations arising from Kerr-McGee’s former chemical business, the securities or
capital markets, the ability to successfully integrate the operations of the Company, Kerr-McGee and Western, our ability to repay the debt issued for the acquisition of Kerr-McGee and Western, the outcome of proceedings related to the Algerian
exceptional profits tax, and other factors discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in the Company’s public filings, press releases and discussions with Company management. Anadarko undertakes no obligation to publicly update or
revise any forward looking statements. 

We may not be able to successfully integrate Kerr-McGee’s and Western’s operations
with our operations. 

Integration of the three previously independent companies is a complex, time consuming and costly process.
Failure to timely and successfully integrate these companies may have a material adverse effect on the combined company’s business, financial condition and result of operations. The difficulties of combining the companies present challenges to
our management, including: 

•

 operating a significantly larger combined company; 

•

 integrating personnel with diverse backgrounds and organizational cultures; 

•

 experiencing operational interruptions or the loss of key employees, customers or suppliers; and 

•

 consolidating other corporate and administrative functions. 

The combined company is also exposed to risks that are commonly associated with transactions similar to the mergers, such as unanticipated liabilities and costs, some of which may be material, and diversion of
management’s attention. As a result, the anticipated benefits of the mergers may not be fully realized, if at all. 

Our debt
and other financial commitments may limit our financial and operating flexibility. 

We incurred approximately $24.9 billion in debt
(including debt assumed) to consummate the Kerr-McGee and Western mergers. Our total debt was about $23.0 billion as of December 31, 2006. We also have various commitments for operating leases, drilling contracts and transportation and purchase
obligations for services and products. Our financial commitments could have important consequences to you. For example, it could: 

•

 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 limit our ability to fund future working capital and capital expenditures, to engage in future acquisitions or development activities, or to otherwise realize the
value of our assets and opportunities fully because of the need to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt or to comply with any restrictive terms of our debt; 

•

 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the industry in which we operate; and 

•

 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt and fewer financial commitments. 

19 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

A downgrade in our credit rating could negatively impact our cost of capital. 

Standard and Poor’s (S&P) and Moody’s Investor Services (Moody’s) rate our debt at “BBB-” with a stable outlook and
“Baa3” with a negative outlook, respectively. Although we are not aware of any current plans of S&P or Moody’s to lower their respective ratings on our debt, we cannot be assured that such credit ratings will not be downgraded.
Although we do not have any rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity dates of outstanding debt, a downgrade in our credit ratings could negatively impact our cost of capital or our ability to effectively execute aspects of our
strategy. 

Failure to close our pending or planned asset divestitures could hinder our ability to reduce our debt. 

Total debt at December 31, 2006, includes $11 billion outstanding under our 364-day acquisition facility that is due in August 2007. We intend to
repay the majority of the remaining balance with proceeds from announced or targeted divestitures, free cash provided by operations and possible securities issuances. An unexpected delay or inability to complete pending or planned asset divestitures
could have a material adverse effect on Anadarko’s ability to reduce its debt, which could negatively impact Anadarko’s stock price, credit rating and financial condition. For more information, see Outlook under Item 7 of
this Form 10-K. 

We may incur substantial costs to comply with environmental requirements, including costs arising from
Kerr-McGee’s former chemical business. 

Prior to the merger, Kerr-McGee spun off its chemical manufacturing business to a newly
created and separate company, Tronox Incorporated (Tronox). Under the terms of a Master Separation Agreement (MSA), Kerr-McGee agreed to reimburse Tronox for certain qualifying environmental remediation costs, subject to certain limitations and
conditions and up to a maximum aggregate reimbursement of $100 million. However, Kerr-McGee could be subject to joint and several liability for certain costs of cleaning up hazardous substance contamination attributable to the facilities and
operations conveyed to Tronox if Tronox becomes insolvent or otherwise unable to pay for certain remediation costs. As a result of the merger, we will be responsible to provide reimbursements to Tronox pursuant to the MSA, and we may be subject to
potential joint and several liability, as the successor to Kerr-McGee, if Tronox is unable to perform certain remediation obligations. 

Commodity pricing and demand may limit our productivity and profitability. 

Crude oil prices continue to be affected
by political developments worldwide, pricing decisions and production quotas of OPEC and volatile trading patterns in the commodity futures markets. In addition, in OPEC countries in which we have production such as Algeria and Qatar, when the world
oil market is weak, we may be subject to periods of decreased production due to government-mandated cutbacks. Natural gas prices also continue to be highly volatile. In periods of sharply lower commodity prices, we may curtail production and capital
spending projects, as well as delay or defer drilling wells in certain areas because of lower cash flows. Changes in crude oil and natural gas prices can impact our determination of proved reserves and our calculation of the standardized measure of
discounted future net cash flows relating to oil and gas reserves. In addition, demand for oil and gas in the United States and worldwide may affect our level of production. 

Under the full cost method of accounting, a noncash charge to earnings related to the carrying value of our oil and gas properties on a
country-by-country basis may occur. 

Whether we will be required to take such a charge depends on the prices for crude oil and natural
gas at the end of any quarter, as well as the effect of both capital expenditures and changes in proved reserves during that quarter. See Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies under Item 8 for additional information on
the ceiling test. 

Our results of operations could be adversely affected by goodwill impairments. 

As a result of mergers and acquisitions, at December 31, 2006 we had approximately $4.3 billion of goodwill on our balance sheet. Goodwill is not
amortized, but instead must be tested at least annually for 

20 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

impairment by applying a fair-value-based test. Goodwill is deemed impaired to the extent that its carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the reporting
unit. Although our latest tests indicate that no goodwill impairment is currently required, future deterioration in market conditions could lead to goodwill impairments that could have a substantial negative effect on our profitability. 

We are subject to complex laws and regulations relating to environmental protection that can adversely affect the cost, manner and
feasibility of doing business. 

Our operations and properties are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations
relating to environmental protection from the time projects commence until abandonment. These laws and regulations govern, among other things: 

•

 the amounts and types of substances and materials that may be released into the environment; 

•

 the issuance of permits in connection with exploration, drilling and production activities; 

•

 the release of emissions into the atmosphere; 

•

 the discharge and disposition of generated waste materials; 

•

 offshore oil and gas operations; 

•

 the reclamation and abandonment of wells and facility sites; and 

•

 the remediation of contaminated sites. 

In addition, these laws and regulations may impose substantial liabilities for our failure to comply with them or for any contamination resulting from our operations. For a description of certain environmental proceedings in which we are
involved, see Legal Proceedings under Item 3 of this Form 10-K. 

We may not be insured against all of the operating risks to
which our business is exposed. 

Our business is subject to all of the operating risks normally associated with the exploration for and
production, gathering, processing and transportation of oil and gas, including blowouts, cratering and fire, any of which could result in damage to, or destruction of, oil and gas wells or formations or production facilities and other property and
injury to persons. As protection against financial loss resulting from these operating hazards, we maintain insurance coverage, including certain physical damage, employer’s liability, comprehensive general liability and worker’s
compensation insurance. However, we are not fully insured against all risks in all aspects of our business, such as political risk, business interruption risk and risk of major terrorist attacks. The occurrence of a significant event against which
we are not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on our financial position. 

Material differences between the estimated and
actual timing of critical events may affect the completion of and commencement of production from development projects. 

We are
involved in several large development projects. Key factors that may affect the timing and outcome of such projects include: 

•

 project approvals by joint venture partners; 

•

 timely issuance of permits and licenses by governmental agencies; 

•

 weather conditions; 

•

 manufacturing and delivery schedules of critical equipment; and 

•

 commercial arrangements for pipelines and related equipment to transport and market hydrocarbons. 

Delays and differences between estimated and actual timing of critical events may affect the forward looking statements related to large development
projects. 

21 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Our domestic operations are subject to governmental risks that may impact our operations.

Our domestic operations have been, and at times in the future may be, affected by political developments and by federal, state and
local laws and regulations such as restrictions on production, changes in taxes, royalties and other amounts payable to governments or governmental agencies, price or gathering rate controls and environmental protection regulations. 

We operate in other countries and are subject to political, economic and other uncertainties. 

Our operations in areas outside the United States are subject to various risks inherent in foreign operations. These risks may include, among other
things: 

•

 loss of revenue, property and equipment as a result of hazards such as expropriation, war, insurrection and other political risks; 

•

 increases in taxes and governmental royalties; 

•

 renegotiation of contracts with governmental entities; 

•

 changes in laws and policies governing operations of foreign-based companies; and 

•

 currency restrictions and exchange rate fluctuations. 

Our international operations may also be adversely affected by laws and policies of the United States affecting foreign trade and taxation. 

Realization of any of these factors could materially adversely affect our financial position. 

We may be subject to increased tax payment obligations in connection with our operations in Algeria. Such increases could impact results of
operations, cash flows and proved reserves. 

In July 2006, the Algerian parliament approved legislation establishing an exceptional
profits tax on foreign companies’ Algerian oil and gas production. In December 2006, implementing regulations regarding this legislation were issued and Sonatrach notified us as to the applicable regulatory provisions. The regulations provide
for an exceptional profits tax imposed on gross production at rates of taxation ranging from 5% to 50% based on average daily production volumes for each calendar month. Uncertainty exists as to whether the exceptional profits tax will apply to the
full value of our production or only to the value of our production in excess of $30 per barrel. 

In the fourth quarter of 2006, we recorded
a $103 million liability for the exceptional profits tax based on the assumption that the tax applies only to production value in excess of $30 per barrel. If the exceptional profits tax is applied to the full value of production, we estimate the
2006 liability for exceptional profits tax would be $190 million. 

We currently have 111 million barrels of proved undeveloped reserves in
Algeria, the economics of which are sensitive to the exceptional profits tax. We are reviewing whether these reserves remain economic under existing development plans if the exceptional profits tax is applied to the entire production value.

We are not yet in a position to confirm the probable interpretation of the law, but are continuing to monitor further guidance to determine
the law’s ultimate application. For additional information see Other Developments under Item 7 if this Form 10-K. 

The
oil and gas exploration and production industry is very competitive, and some of our exploration and production competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. 

The oil and gas business is highly competitive in the search for and acquisition of reserves and in the gathering and marketing of oil and gas
production. Our competitors include major oil and gas companies, 

22 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

independent oil and gas companies, individual producers, gas marketers and major pipeline companies, as well as participants in other industries supplying
energy and fuel to industrial, commercial and individual consumers. Some of our competitors may have greater and more diverse resources upon which to draw than we do. If we are not successful in our competition for oil and gas reserves or in our
marketing of production, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Our commodity price risk
management and trading activities may prevent us from benefiting fully from price increases and may expose us to other risks. 

To the
extent that we engage in price risk management activities to endeavor to protect ourselves from commodity price declines, the Company will be prevented from realizing the full benefits of price increases above the levels of the derivative
instruments used to manage price risk. In addition, we engage in speculative trading in hydrocarbon commodities, which subjects us to additional risk. 

Our drilling activities may not be productive. 

Drilling for oil and gas involves numerous risks,
including the risk that we will not encounter commercially productive oil or gas reservoirs. The costs of drilling, completing and operating wells are often uncertain, and drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of a
variety of factors, including: 

•

 unexpected drilling conditions; 

•

 pressure or irregularities in formations; 

•

 equipment failures or accidents; 

•

 fires, explosions, blow-outs and surface cratering; 

•

 marine risks such as capsizing, collisions and hurricanes; 

•

 other adverse weather conditions; and 

•

 shortages or delays in the delivery of equipment. 

Certain of our future drilling activities may not be successful and, if unsuccessful, this failure could have an adverse effect on our future results of operations and financial condition. While all drilling, whether
developmental or exploratory, involves these risks, exploratory drilling involves greater risks of dry holes or failure to find commercial quantities of hydrocarbons. Because of the percentage of our capital budget devoted to higher-risk exploratory
projects, it is likely that we will continue to experience significant exploration and dry hole expenses. 

We are vulnerable to risks
associated with operating in the Gulf of Mexico that could negatively impact our operations and financial results. 

Our operations and
financial results could be significantly impacted by conditions in the Gulf of Mexico because we explore and produce extensively in that area. As a result of this activity, we are vulnerable to the risks associated with operating in the Gulf of
Mexico, including those relating to: 

•

 adverse weather conditions; 

•

 oil field service costs and availability; 

•

 compliance with environmental and other laws and regulations; 

•

 remediation and other costs resulting from oil spills or releases of hazardous materials; and 

•

 failure of equipment or facilities. 

23 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

In addition, we are currently conducting some of our exploration in the deepwaters (greater than
approximately 1,000 feet) of the Gulf of Mexico, where operations are more difficult and costly than in shallower waters. The deepwaters in the Gulf of Mexico lack the physical and oilfield service infrastructure present in its shallower waters. As
a result, deepwater operations may require a significant amount of time between a discovery and the time that we can market our production, thereby increasing the risk involved with these operations. 

Further, production of reserves from reservoirs in the Gulf of Mexico generally declines more rapidly than from reservoirs in many other producing regions
of the world. This results in recovery of a relatively higher percentage of reserves from properties in the Gulf of Mexico during the initial few years of production and, as a result, our reserve replacement needs from new prospects may be greater
there than for our operations elsewhere. Also, our revenues and return on capital will depend significantly on prices prevailing during these relatively short production periods. 

Our proved reserves are estimates. Any material inaccuracies in our reserve estimates or assumptions underlying our reserve estimates could cause the
quantities and net present value of our reserves to be overstated or understated. 

There are numerous uncertainties inherent in
estimating quantities of proved reserves, including many factors beyond our control that could cause the quantities and net present value of our reserves to be overstated. The reserve information included or incorporated by reference in this report
represents estimates prepared by our internal engineers and examined by independent petroleum consultants. Estimation of reserves is not an exact science. Estimates of economically recoverable oil and natural gas reserves and of future net cash
flows necessarily depend upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, any of which may cause these estimates to vary considerably from actual results, such as: 

•

 historical production from an area compared with production from similar producing areas; 

•

 assumed effects of regulation by governmental agencies; 

•

 assumptions concerning future oil and natural gas prices, future operating costs and capital expenditures; and 

•

 estimates of future severance and excise taxes, workover and remedial costs. 

Estimates of reserves based on risk of recovery and estimates of expected future net cash flows prepared or audited by different engineers, or by the
same engineers at different times, may vary substantially. Actual production, revenues and expenditures with respect to our reserves will likely vary from estimates, and the variance may be material. The net present values referred to in this report
should not be construed as the current market value of the estimated oil and natural gas reserves attributable to our properties. In accordance with SEC requirements, the estimated discounted net cash flows from proved reserves are generally based
on prices and costs as of the date of the estimate, whereas actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower. 

Failure
to replace reserves may negatively affect our business. 

Our future success depends upon our ability to find, develop or acquire
additional oil and natural gas reserves that are economically recoverable. Our proved reserves generally decline when reserves are produced, unless we conduct successful exploration or development activities or acquire properties containing proved
reserves, or both. We may not be able to find, develop or acquire additional reserves on an economic basis. Furthermore, if oil and natural gas prices increase, our costs for additional reserves could also increase. 

We have limited control over the activities on properties we do not operate. 

Other companies operate some of the properties in which we have an interest. We have limited ability to influence or control the operation or future
development of these non-operated properties or the amount of capital 

24 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

expenditures that we are required to fund with respect to them. Our dependence on the operator and other working interest owners for these projects and our
limited ability to influence or control the operation and future development of these properties could materially adversely affect the realization of our targeted returns on capital and lead to unexpected future costs. 

We may reduce or cease to pay dividends on our common stock. 

We can provide no assurance that we will continue to pay dividends at the current rate or at all. The amount of cash dividends, if any, to be paid in the future will depend upon their declaration by our Board of
Directors and upon our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, the levels of our capital and exploration expenditures, our future business prospects and other related matters that our Board of Directors deems relevant. 

Repercussions from terrorist activities or armed conflict could harm our business. 

Terrorist activities, anti-terrorist efforts and other armed conflict involving the United States or its interests abroad may adversely affect the United
States and global economies and could prevent us from meeting our financial and other obligations. If events of this nature occur and persist, the attendant political instability and societal disruption could reduce overall demand for oil and
natural gas, potentially putting downward pressure on prevailing oil and natural gas prices and causing a reduction in our revenues. Oil and natural gas production facilities, transportation systems and storage facilities could be direct targets of
terrorist attacks, and our operations could be adversely impacted if infrastructure integral to our operations is destroyed or damaged by such an attack. Costs for insurance and other security may increase as a result of these threats, and some
insurance coverage may become more difficult to obtain, if available at all. 

Provisions in our corporate documents and Delaware law
could delay or prevent a change of control of Anadarko, even if that change would be beneficial to our stockholders. 

Our certificate
of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may make a change of control of us difficult, even if it may be beneficial to our stockholders, including provisions governing the classification, nomination and removal of directors, prohibiting
stockholder action by written consent and regulating the ability of our stockholders to bring matters for action before annual stockholder meetings, and the authorization given to our Board of Directors to issue and set the terms of preferred stock.

In addition, we have adopted a stockholder rights plan, which would cause extreme dilution to any person or group that attempts to acquire
a significant interest in us without advance approval of our Board of Directors, while Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law imposes restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more
of our outstanding common stock. 

The loss of key members of our management team, or difficulty attracting and retaining experienced
technical personnel, could reduce our competitiveness and prospects for future success. 

The successful implementation of our
strategies and handling of other issues integral to our future success will depend, in part, on our experienced management team. The loss of key members of our management team, including James T. Hackett, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer, could have an adverse effect on our business. We entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Hackett to secure his employment with us. We do not carry key man insurance. Our exploratory drilling success and the success of other
activities integral to our operations will depend, in part, on our ability to attract and retain experienced explorationists, engineers and other professionals. Competition for such professionals is extremely intense. If we cannot retain our
technical personnel or attract additional experienced technical personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed.