Forward Looking Statements 

The Company has made
in this report, and may from time to time otherwise make in
other public filings, press releases and discussions with
Company management, forward looking statements within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
concerning the Company’s operations, economic performance
and financial condition. These forward looking statements
include information concerning future production and reserves,
schedules, plans, timing of development, contributions from oil
and gas properties, and those statements preceded by, followed
by or that otherwise include the words “believes,”
“expects,” “anticipates,”
“intends,” “estimates,”
“projects,” “target,” “goal,”
“plans,” “objective,” “should” or
similar expressions or variations on such expressions. For such
statements, the Company claims the protection of the safe harbor
for forward looking statements contained in the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although the Company
believes that the expectations reflected in such forward looking
statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such
expectations will prove to have been correct. Important factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the
Company’s expectations include, but are not limited to, the
Company’s assumptions about energy markets, production
levels, reserve levels, operating results, competitive
conditions, technology, the availability of capital resources,
capital expenditures and other contractual obligations, the
supply and demand for oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids
(NGLs) and other products or services, the price of oil, natural
gas, NGLs and other products or services, implementation of
plans concerning the Bear Head liquefied natural gas facility,
currency

17

Table of Contents

exchange rates, the weather, inflation, the availability of
goods and services, drilling risks, future processing volumes
and pipeline throughput, general economic conditions, either
internationally or nationally or in the jurisdictions in which
the Company or its subsidiaries are doing business, legislative
or regulatory changes, including changes in environmental
regulation, environmental risks and liability under federal,
state and foreign environmental laws and regulations, the
securities or capital markets and other factors discussed below
and elsewhere in this
Form 10-K and in
the Company’s other public filings, press releases and
discussions with Company management. Anadarko undertakes no
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward looking
statements.

          Commodity
pricing and demand may limit our productivity and
profitability.

Crude oil prices continue to be affected by political
developments worldwide, pricing decisions and production quotas
of OPEC and the volatile trading patterns in the commodity
futures markets. In addition, in OPEC countries in which we have
production such as Algeria, Venezuela and Qatar, when the world
oil market is weak, we may be subject to periods of decreased
production due to government mandated cutbacks. Natural gas
prices also continue to be highly volatile. In periods of
sharply lower commodity prices, we may curtail production and
capital spending projects, as well as delay or defer drilling
wells in certain areas because of lower cash flows. Changes in
crude oil and natural gas prices can impact our determination of
proved reserves and our calculation of the standardized measure
of discounted future net cash flows relating to oil and gas
reserves. In addition, demand for oil and gas in the United
States and worldwide may affect our level of production.

Under the full cost method of accounting, a noncash charge to
earnings related to the carrying value of our oil and gas