CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The Company has made in this report, and may from time to time otherwise make in other public filings, press releases
and discussions with Company management, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 concerning the Company’s operations, economic
performance and financial condition. These forward-looking statements include information concerning future production and reserves, schedules, plans, timing of development, contributions from oil and gas properties, marketing and midstream
activities, and also include those statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words “may,” “could,” “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,”
“estimates,” “projects,” “target,” “goal,” “plans,” “objective,” “should” or similar expressions or variations on such expressions. For such statements, the Company claims the
protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can
give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Anadarko undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

These forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties. Important factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from the Company’s expectations include, but are not limited to, the following risks and uncertainties: 

•

the Company’s assumptions about the energy market; 

•

production levels; 

•

reserve levels; 

•

operating results; 

•

competitive conditions; 

•

technology; 

•

the availability of capital resources, capital expenditures and other contractual obligations; 

•

the supply and demand for and the price of natural gas, oil, natural gas liquids (NGLs) and other products or services;

•

volatility in the commodity-futures market; 

•

the weather; 

•

inflation; 

•

the availability of goods and services; 

•

drilling risks; 

•

future processing volumes and pipeline throughput; 

•

general economic conditions, either internationally or nationally or in the jurisdictions in which the Company or its subsidiaries are
doing business; 

•

legislative or regulatory changes, including retroactive royalty or production tax regimes, hydraulic-fracturing regulation, deepwater
drilling and permitting regulations, derivatives reform, changes in state, federal and foreign income taxes, environmental regulation, environmental risks and liability under federal, state, foreign and local environmental laws and regulations;

•

the outcome of events in the Gulf of Mexico related to the Deepwater Horizon events; 

•

the success of BP Exploration & Production Inc.’s (BP) cleanup efforts related to the Deepwater Horizon events;

•

current and potential legal proceedings, and environmental or other obligations arising from the Deepwater Horizon events, the Oil
Pollution Act of 1990 (OPA) and other regulatory obligations, and the operating agreement (OA) for the Macondo well; 

•

the legislative and regulatory changes that may impact the Company’s Gulf of Mexico and international offshore operations resulting
from the Deepwater Horizon events; 

25 

Table of Contents

•

the Company’s ability to resume drilling operations in the Gulf of Mexico; 

•

current and potential legal proceedings, environmental or other obligations related to or arising from Tronox Incorporated (Tronox);

•

the creditworthiness of the Company’s counterparties, including financial institutions, operating partners and other parties;

•

the securities, capital or credit markets; 

•

 the Company’s ability to repay its debt; 

•

the impact of downgrades to the Company’s credit rating, including the ability of the Company to access capital and remain
liquid; 

•

the outcome of any proceedings related to the Algerian exceptional profits tax; and 

•

other factors discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in the Company’s other public filings, press releases and
discussions with Company management. 

We may be subject to claims and liability as a
result of being a co-lessee of the Mississippi Canyon Block 252 lease and our ownership of a 25% non-operating leasehold interest in the Macondo exploration well in the Gulf of Mexico, which suffered a blowout and drilling rig explosion in April
2010, resulting in loss of life and a significant oil spill. 

In April 2010, the Macondo well in the Gulf
of Mexico, in which Anadarko holds a 25% non-operating leasehold interest, discovered hydrocarbon accumulations. During suspension operations, the well blew out, an explosion occurred on the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig, and the drilling
rig sank, resulting in the release of hydrocarbons into the Gulf of Mexico. Eleven people lost their lives in the explosion and subsequent fire, and others sustained personal injuries. Response and cleanup efforts are being conducted by BP, the
operator and 65% owner of the Macondo lease, and by other parties, all under the direction of the Unified Command of the United States Coast Guard (the USCG). 

On July 15, 2010, after several attempts to contain the oil spill, BP successfully installed a capping stack that shut in the well and prevented the further release of hydrocarbons. Installation of
the capping stack was a temporary solution that was followed by a successful “static kill” cementing operation completed on August 5, 2010. The Macondo well was permanently plugged on September 19, 2010, when BP
completed a “bottom kill” cementing operation in connection with the successful interception of the well by a relief well. Investigations by the federal government and other parties into the cause of the well blowout, explosion, and
resulting oil spill, as well as other matters arising from or relating to these events, are ongoing. 

Based on
information provided by BP to the Company, BP has incurred costs of approximately $16.5 billion (including costs associated with USCG invoices totaling $606 million) through December 31, 2010, related to spill response and
containment, relief-well drilling, grants to certain Gulf Coast states for cleanup costs, local tourism promotion, monetary damage claims and federal costs. In addition, BP has incurred more than $1.4 billion of costs
since December 31, 2010. 

BP has sought reimbursement from Anadarko for amounts BP has paid or
committed to pay for spill-response efforts, grants, damage claims and costs incurred by the federal government through provisions of the OA, which is the contract governing the relationship between BP and the non-operating OA parties to the
Mississippi Canyon Block 252 lease in which the Macondo well is located (Lease). Contractual language in the OA, which governs the relationship among the operator and the two non-operating parties, generally provides that BP, as operator, is
entitled to reimbursement of certain costs and expenses from the other working interest owners in proportion to their ownership interest in the well. With respect to the operator’s duties and liabilities, the OA provides that BP, as operator,
owes duties to the non-operating parties (including Anadarko) to perform the drilling of the well in a good and workmanlike manner and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. The OA dictates that liability for losses, damages, costs,
expenses, or claims involving activities or operations shall be borne by each party in proportion to its participating interest, except that when liability results from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of a party, that party shall be
solely responsible for liability resulting from its gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

BP has invoiced
the Company an aggregate $4.0 billion for what BP considers to be Anadarko’s 25% proportionate share of actual costs through December 31, 2010. In addition, BP has invoiced Anadarko for anticipated near-term future costs related to
the Deepwater Horizon events. Anadarko has withheld reimbursement to BP for 

Deepwater Horizon event-related invoices pending
the completion of various ongoing investigations into the cause of 

26 

Table of Contents

the well blowout, explosion, and subsequent release of hydrocarbons. Final determination of the root causes of the Deepwater Horizon events could materially impact the Company’s
potential obligations under the OA. To the extent that we are ultimately determined to be responsible for our allocable share of the operator’s costs under the OA, we expect our costs to be significantly in excess of the coverage limits
under our insurance program. 

BP, Anadarko and other parties, including parties that do not own an interest in
the Lease, such as the drilling contractor, have received correspondence from the USCG referencing their identification as a “responsible party or guarantor” (RP) under OPA, and the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) has also filed
a civil lawsuit against such parties to, among other things, confirm each party’s identified RP status. Under OPA, RPs may be held jointly and severally liable for costs of well control, spill response, and containment and removal of
hydrocarbons, as well as other costs and damage claims directly related to the spill and spill cleanup. The USCG has directly invoiced the identified RPs for reimbursement of spill-related response costs incurred by the USCG and other federal
and state agencies. The identified RPs each received identical invoices for total costs, without specification or stipulation of any allocation of costs between or among the identified RPs. As a 25% non-operating leasehold interest owner in the
Lease, and an identified RP under OPA, we may incur liability under currently existing environmental laws and regulations and we may be asked to contribute to the significant and ongoing response and remediation expenses. 

To date, as operator, BP has paid all USCG invoices as well as other costs and has sought reimbursement from Anadarko for
a 25% portion of these costs through the OA. To the extent that BP discontinues payment or is otherwise unable to satisfy its obligations under OPA for any reason, we would be exposed to additional liability for spill-response and remediation
expenses. We have similar exposure relative to the other identified RPs where the failure on the part of any other such identified RPs to satisfy their OPA obligations would expose us to potential liability. 

As more facts become known, it is reasonably possible that the Company may be required to recognize a liability related to
the Deepwater Horizon events, and that liability could be material to the Company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. For example, new information arising out of the legal-discovery process could alter the
legal assessment as to the likelihood of the Company incurring a liability related to its existing OA contingent obligations. Moreover, if BP discontinues payment or is otherwise unable to satisfy its obligations, the Company could be required to
recognize an OPA-related environmental liability. Similarly, if other identified RPs do not satisfy their obligations under OPA, the Company could incur additional liability. In addition, while OPA contains a $75 million cap for certain
costs and damages, exclusive of response and remediation expenses (for which there is no cap), the federal government may take legislative or other action to increase or eliminate the cap, perhaps even retroactively. 

As part of its pledge to pay all legitimate claims related to the Deepwater Horizon events, BP announced in June 2010
that it had agreed to contribute $20 billion into an escrow fund over a four-year period to support an independent claims facility, the purpose of which is, according to BP, “to satisfy legitimate claims including natural resource damages
and state and local response costs” resulting from the Deepwater Horizon events, with fines and penalties to be excluded from the fund and paid separately. As claims are paid out of this escrow fund, we may be asked to contribute to the
payment of such claims pursuant to the OA. 

As described above, we are continuing to evaluate our contractual
rights and obligations under the OA. If the parties are unable to reach an agreement on liability, one of the possible outcomes is to pursue arbitration under the OA. In any arbitration, the weight to be given to evidence would be
determined by the arbitrators. The Company cannot guarantee the success of any such arbitration proceeding. 

While we will seek any and all protections available to us pursuant to the OA or otherwise as well as our insurance
coverage, an adverse resolution of our contractual rights and responsibilities to BP under the OA or the failure of BP and other identified RPs to satisfy their obligations under OPA could subject us to significant monetary damages and other
penalties, such as penalties under the Clean Water Act (CWA), which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

For all of these reasons or if we were to suffer the other effects described in this risk factor and the following risk
factors, our actual liabilities relating to the Deepwater Horizon events could exceed our estimates, and we could incur additional liabilities that we are unable to reasonably estimate at this time, and these events could have a material
adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows, growth and prospects, including, without limitation, our ability to obtain debt, equity or other financing on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, the new
$5.0 billion senior secured revolving credit facility, which we entered into in September 2010, contains covenants limiting our ability to incur additional debt or pledge additional assets, subject to exceptions. These limitations could
adversely affect our ability to obtain additional financing for any future liabilities that may arise in connection with the Deepwater Horizon events. 

27 

Table of Contents

We have been named as a defendant in various litigation matters as a
result of the Deepwater Horizon events. The outcome of existing and future claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

Numerous civil lawsuits have been filed against BP and other parties, including the Company, by fishing, boating and
shrimping industry groups; restaurants; commercial and residential property owners; certain rig workers or their families; the State of Alabama and several of its political subdivisions; the DOJ; environmental non-governmental organizations; the
Plaquemines Parish School Board, a political subdivision of the State of Louisiana; and certain Mexican states. Many of the lawsuits filed assert various claims of negligence, gross negligence and violations of several federal and state laws and
regulations, including, among others, OPA; the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act; the Clean Air Act; the CWA; and the Endangered Species Act; or challenge existing permits for operations in the Gulf of
Mexico. Generally, the plaintiffs are seeking actual damages, punitive damages, declaratory judgment and/or injunctive relief. 

In August 2010, the United States Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation created Multidistrict Litigation No. 2179 (MDL) to administer essentially all litigation filed in federal court involving
Deepwater Horizon event-related claims. Federal Judge Carl Barbier presides over this MDL in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana in New Orleans, Louisiana. The court issued a number of case management orders that
establish a schedule for procedural matters, discovery and trial of the MDL cases. The court set for trial beginning in June 2011, one or more cases brought against BP as an RP under OPA, to serve as test cases for causation and damage issues. The
court has not yet selected the specific OPA test cases to be tried. Also, the court scheduled a February 2012 trial to determine the liability issues and allocable liability among the parties involved in the Deepwater Horizon events. The
parties to the MDL are actively engaged in discovery. 

On December 15, 2010, the DOJ, on behalf of the federal
agencies involved in the spill response, filed a civil lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana against several parties, including the Company, seeking (i) an assessment of civil penalties under the CWA in an
amount to be determined by the Court, and (ii) a declaratory judgment that such parties are jointly and severally liable without limitation under OPA for all removal costs and damages resulting from the Deepwater Horizon events. In the lawsuit, the
DOJ states that civil penalties under the CWA may be assessed in an amount up to $1,100 per barrel of oil discharged or in cases involving gross negligence or willful misconduct in an amount up to $4,300 per barrel of oil discharged. 

Lawsuits seeking to place limitations on the oil and gas industry’s operations in the Gulf of Mexico, including those
of the Company, have also been filed outside of the MDL by non-governmental organizations against various governmental agencies. These cases are filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Alabama, the Eastern District of
Louisiana, and the District of Columbia and in the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. 

Two
separate class action complaints were filed in June and August 2010 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of purported purchasers of the Company’s stock between June 12, 2009, and
June 9, 2010, against Anadarko and certain of its officers. The complaints allege causes of action arising pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for purported misstatements and omissions regarding, among other things, the
Company’s liability related to the Deepwater Horizon events. The plaintiffs seek an unspecified amount of compensatory damages, including interest thereon, as well as litigation fees and costs. In November 2010, the District Court for the
Southern District of New York consolidated the two cases and appointed The Pension Trust Fund for Operating Engineers and Employees’ Retirement System of the Government of the Virgin Islands (the Virgin Islands Group) to act as Lead
Plaintiff. In January 2011, the Lead Plaintiff filed its Consolidated Amended Complaint. Prior to filing its Consolidated Amended Complaint, the Lead Plaintiff requested leave from the court to transfer this lawsuit to the United States District
Court for the Southern District of Texas. The Company opposes the Lead Plaintiff’s request to transfer the case to the District Court for the Southern District of Texas. The court has ordered the parties to brief the transfer of venue issue.

Also in June 2010, a shareholder derivative petition was filed in the 157
th

 Judicial District Court of Harris County, Texas, by a shareholder of
the Company against Anadarko (as a nominal defendant) and certain of its officers and current and certain former directors. The petition alleges breaches of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, and waste of corporate assets in connection with the
Deepwater Horizon events. The plaintiffs seek certain changes to the Company’s governance and internal procedures, disgorgement of profits, and reimbursement of litigation fees and costs. In November 2010, the court

 granted Anadarko’s Motion to Dismiss for Lack of Jurisdiction and
Special 

28 

Table of Contents

Exceptions and granted the plaintiffs 120 days to file an Amended Petition. In September 2010, a purported shareholder made a demand on the Company’s Board of Directors (the Board) to
investigate allegations of breaches of duty by members of management. The Board duly considered the demand and in January 2011 determined that it would not be in the best interest of the Company to pursue the issues in the demand letter. 

Additional proceedings related to the Deepwater Horizon events may be filed against Anadarko. These proceedings may
involve civil claims for damages or governmental investigative, regulatory or enforcement actions. The adverse resolution of any proceedings related to the Deepwater Horizon events could subject us to significant monetary damages, fines and
other penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

The additional deepwater drilling laws and regulations, delays in the processing and approval of drilling permits and exploration and oil spill-response plans, and other related developments
resulting from the recently lifted deepwater drilling moratoria in the Gulf of Mexico may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

In May and July 2010, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement (BOEMRE), previously known as the
Minerals Management Service, an agency of the Department of the Interior (DOI), issued directives requiring lessees and operators of federal oil and gas leases in the Outer Continental Shelf regions of the Gulf of Mexico and Pacific Ocean to cease
drilling all new deepwater wells, including wellbore sidetracks and bypasses, through November 30, 2010. These deepwater drilling moratoria (collectively, the Moratorium) prohibited drilling and/or spudding any new wells, and required operators
that were in the process of drilling wells to proceed to the next safe opportunity to secure such wells, and to take all necessary steps to cease operations and temporarily abandon the impacted wells. Anadarko ceased all drilling operations in the
Gulf of Mexico in accordance with the Moratorium, which resulted in the suspension of operations of two operated deepwater wells (Lucius and Nansen) and one non-operated deepwater well (Vito). The Moratorium was lifted effective
October 12, 2010, but the Company is not currently permitted to resume drilling operations in the Gulf of Mexico due to delays in the processing and approval by the BOEMRE of drilling permits and exploration and oil spill-response plans.

The Moratorium did not apply to workovers, completions, plugging and abandonment or production activities;
however, in order to continue such activities, the Company is required to comply with additional safety inspection and certification requirements that were set forth in two Notices to Lessees and Operators (NTL) issued by the BOEMRE in June 2010.

On June 8, 2010, the BOEMRE issued an NTL implementing certain safety measures recommended by the
Secretary of the Interior in a 30-day safety report to the President of the United States. This NTL requires additional inspections to be conducted and safety measures to be implemented prior to conducting any floating drilling operations with a
subsea blowout preventer (BOP) system or surface BOP system, including workovers, completions, and plugging and abandonment operations. On June 18, 2010, the BOEMRE issued another NTL requiring additional information from operators
regarding existing and future Exploration Plans, Development and Production Plans and Development and Coordination Documents, all of which may have a significant impact on the timing of and ability to execute exploration and development operations
across the Gulf of Mexico. 

In particular, on October 14, 2010, the DOI published in the Federal Register
an interim final drilling safety rule, effective immediately, enacting into law the June 8, 2010 NTL. The 60-day public comment period closed on December 13, 2010. The rule will become final, either in its current form, or as may be
modified by the DOI based on comments received. On October 15, 2010, the DOI published in the Federal Register a final rule requiring operators to develop and implement Safety and Environmental Management Systems (SEMS) for all Gulf of Mexico
operations. Effective November 8, 2010, the BOEMRE issued an NTL requiring that every application for a well permit to conduct operations using a subsea blowout preventer (BOP) or surface BOP on a floating facility must be accompanied by
information sufficient to demonstrate access to subsea containment resources together with a statement of compliance by an authorized company official covering numerous regulations. Currently, the BOEMRE is evaluating the application of
categorical exclusions under the National Environmental Policy Act taking into consideration comments requested in October 2010. In the meantime, the BOEMRE has announced a policy that will require site-specific environmental assessments, as opposed
to the categorical exclusion reviews, which could result in further delays in the processing and approval of drilling permits and exploration plans. 

On January 11, 2011, the National Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill and Offshore Drilling, established by the President of the United States, released its Final Report, entitled
“Deep Water: The Gulf Oil Disaster 

29 

Table of Contents

and the Future of Offshore Drilling,” detailing its findings with respect to the investigation of the Deepwater Horizon events and setting forth recommendations for changes in safety and
environmental regulations and laws governing operations in the Gulf of Mexico. As a result, the federal government may issue further safety and environmental laws and regulations regarding operations in the Gulf of Mexico. These additional rules and
regulations, delays in the processing and approval of drilling permits and exploration and oil spill-response plans, and possible additional actions could adversely affect and further delay new drilling and ongoing development efforts in the Gulf of
Mexico. Among other adverse impacts, these additional measures could delay or disrupt our operations, result in increased costs and limit activities in certain areas of the Gulf of Mexico. We cannot predict with any certainty the full impact of
any new laws or regulations, or when we would be able to resume any drilling operations in the Gulf of Mexico. 

As a result of the Moratorium and additional inspection and safety requirements issued by the BOEMRE, in May and June
2010, the Company provided notification of force majeure to drilling contractors of four of the Company’s contracted deepwater rigs in the Gulf of Mexico. Some of the contracts have provisions that authorize contract termination by either party
if force majeure conditions continue for a specified number of consecutive days. 

In June 2010, the
Company gave written notice of termination to the drilling contractor of a rig placed in force majeure in May 2010, and filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Houston against the drilling contractor
seeking a judicial declaration that the Company’s interpretation of the drilling contract was correct and that the contract terminated on June 19, 2010. The drilling contractor filed an Original Answer in July 2010 denying the
Moratorium constituted a force majeure event and asserted that Anadarko had breached the drilling contract. If the Company does not prevail in its claim, it could be obligated to pay the rig contract rate from the contract-termination date through
March 2011, the end of the original contract term. The disputed rentals for that period could result in approximately $90 million of cost. 

In September 2010, the Company gave written notice of termination to another drilling contractor of a rig that had been placed in force majeure, and the Company filed a lawsuit in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of Houston against the drilling contractor seeking a judicial declaration that the Company’s interpretation of the drilling contract was correct and that the contract terminated on September 18,
2010. The drilling contractor filed a Motion to Dismiss and an Original Answer in October 2010. The court, acting on its discretion, converted the Motion to Dismiss into a Motion for Summary Judgment and entered a scheduling order for
submission of briefs during February and March 2011. If the Company does not succeed in its claim, it could be obligated to pay the rig contract rate from the contract-termination date through March 2013, the end of the original contract term.
The disputed rentals for that period could result in approximately $377 million of cost. 

In September 2010,
the BOEMRE issued an NTL that requires lessees to plug all wells that have been idle for the past five years and decommission related equipment. Lessees were required to submit a company-wide plan for decommissioning facilities and wells. Anadarko
completed this plan and does not believe the costs to implement the plan will have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Other governments may also adopt safety, environmental or other laws and regulations that would adversely impact our
offshore developments in other areas of the world, including offshore Brazil, New Zealand, West Africa, Mozambique and Southeast Asia. Additional United States or foreign government laws or regulations would likely increase the costs associated with
the offshore operations of our drilling contractors. As a result, our drilling contractors may seek to pass increased operating costs to us through higher day-rate charges or through cost escalation provisions in existing contracts. 

In addition to increased governmental regulation, we currently expect that insurance costs will increase across the energy
industry and certain insurance coverage may be subject to reduced availability or not available on economically reasonable terms, if at all. In particular, the events in the Gulf of Mexico relating to the Macondo well may make it increasingly
difficult to obtain offshore property damage, well control and similar insurance coverage. The potential increased costs and risks associated with offshore development may also result in certain current participants allocating resources away from
offshore development and discourage potential new participants from undertaking offshore development activities. Accordingly, we may encounter increased difficulty identifying suitable partners willing to participate in our offshore drilling
projects and prospects. 

Further, as the deepwater Gulf of Mexico (as well as international deepwater
locations) lacks the extent of physical and oilfield service infrastructure present in shallower waters, it may be difficult for us to quickly or effectively execute any contingency plans related to future events similar to the Macondo well oil
spill. 

The matters described above, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on
our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

30 

Table of Contents

We are, and in the future may become, involved in legal proceedings
related to Tronox and, as a result, may incur substantial costs in connection with those proceedings. 

Prior to its acquisition by Anadarko, Kerr-McGee Corporation (Kerr-McGee), through an initial public offering
and spin-off transaction, disposed of its chemical business. A new publicly traded corporation, Tronox, resulted from this transaction. After the Tronox initial public offering and spin-off, Kerr-McGee was acquired by a wholly owned
subsidiary of Anadarko and, as a result, became a wholly owned subsidiary of Anadarko. Under the terms of the Master Separation Agreement (together with all annexes, related agreements, and ancillary agreements to it, the MSA), which was entered
into in connection with the Tronox initial public offering, Kerr-McGee agreed to reimburse Tronox for certain qualifying environmental-remediation costs associated with those businesses, subject to certain limitations and conditions. The
reimbursement obligation under the MSA was limited to a maximum aggregate reimbursement amount of $100 million. As described below, Tronox has rejected the MSA in its Chapter 11 cases and therefore Kerr-McGee is no longer obligated to reimburse
to Tronox under the terms of the agreement. In addition, Tronox and certain third parties have claimed that Kerr-McGee and Anadarko have liability for costs allegedly attributable to the facilities and operations owned by Tronox and for
Kerr-McGee’s activities prior to the date a subsidiary of Anadarko acquired Kerr-McGee. 

In January 2009,
Tronox and certain of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the Court). Subsequently, in May 2009,
Tronox and certain of its affiliates filed a lawsuit against Anadarko and Kerr-McGee asserting a number of claims, including claims for actual and constructive fraudulent conveyance (the Adversary Proceeding). Tronox alleges, among other
things, that it was insolvent or undercapitalized at the time it was spun off from Kerr-McGee. Tronox seeks, among other things, to recover an unspecified amount of damages, including interest, from Kerr-McGee and Anadarko as well as the litigation
fees and costs. In addition, Tronox seeks to equitably subordinate and/or disallow all claims asserted by Anadarko and Kerr-McGee in the bankruptcy cases. 

The United States filed a motion to intervene in the Adversary Proceeding, asserting that it has an independent cause of action against Anadarko, Kerr-McGee and Tronox under the Federal Debt
Collection Procedures Act relating primarily to environmental cleanup obligations allegedly owed to the United States by Tronox. That motion to intervene has been granted, and the United States is now a co-plaintiff against Anadarko and
Kerr-McGee in the Adversary Proceeding. Anadarko and Kerr-McGee have moved to dismiss the United States’ complaint-in-intervention, but that motion currently has been stayed by order of the Court. 

In addition, a consolidated class action complaint has been filed in the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York (the District Court) on behalf of purported purchasers of Tronox’s equity and debt securities between November 21, 2005, and January 12, 2009 (the Class Period), against Anadarko, Kerr-McGee, several
former Kerr-McGee officers and directors, several former Tronox officers and directors and Ernst & Young LLP. The complaint alleges causes of action arising under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) for purported
misstatements and omissions regarding, among other things, Tronox’s environmental-remediation and tort claim liabilities. The plaintiffs allege, among other things, that these purported misstatements and omissions are contained in certain of
Tronox’s public filings, including filings made in connection with Tronox’s initial public offering. The plaintiffs seek an unspecified amount of compensatory damages, including interest thereon, as well as litigation fees and costs.
Anadarko, Kerr-McGee and other defendants moved to dismiss the class action complaint and in June 2010, the District Court issued an opinion and order dismissing the plaintiffs’ complaint against Anadarko, but granted the plaintiffs leave to
replead their allegations related to the claim that Anadarko was liable as a successor-in-interest to Kerr-McGee. The District Court further granted in part and denied in part the motions to dismiss by Kerr-McGee and certain of its former officers
and directors, but permitted the plaintiffs leave to replead certain of the dismissed claims. The plaintiffs’ filed an amended consolidated class action complaint in July 2010. In August 2010, Anadarko moved to dismiss the plaintiffs’
amended complaint in whole and Kerr-McGee moved to dismiss the plaintiffs’ allegations against it in part. In January 2011, the District Court issued an opinion and order granting Anadarko’s motion in part and denying Kerr-McGee’s
motion in its entirety. The discovery process is ongoing. 

In June 2010, Anadarko and Kerr-McGee filed a motion
in Tronox’s Chapter 11 cases to compel Tronox to assume or reject the MSA. In response to this motion Tronox announced to the Court that it would reject the MSA effective July 22, 2010. In August 2010, the Court entered a Stipulation and
Agreed Order among Tronox, Anadarko, and Kerr-McGee authorizing the rejection of the MSA. Following Tronox’s rejection of the MSA, Anadarko and Kerr-McGee filed amended proofs of claim (the Proofs of Claim), which include claims for damages
arising from such rejection of the MSA. Tronox and several of its creditors objected to the Proofs of Claim. At the end of January 2011, the Court 

31 

Table of Contents

entered a Stipulation and Agreed Order regarding a settlement of the claims by Anadarko and Kerr-McGee against Tronox resulting from its rejection of the MSA. In February 2011, the Company
received its agreed-upon claim, in the form of Tronox equity, valued at $29 million. 

An adverse resolution of
any proceedings related to Tronox could subject us to significant monetary damages and other penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

For additional information regarding the nature and status of these and other material legal proceedings, see Legal
Proceedings under Item 3 of this Form 10-K. 

Oil, natural-gas and NGLs prices are volatile. A
substantial or extended decline in prices could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Prices for oil, natural gas and NGLs can fluctuate widely. Our revenues, operating results and future growth rates are highly dependent on the prices we receive for our oil, natural gas and NGLs.
Historically, the markets for oil, natural gas and NGLs have been volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future. For example, in recent years market prices for natural gas in the United States have declined substantially from the
highs achieved in 2008 and the rapid development of shale plays throughout North America has contributed significantly to this trend. Factors influencing the prices of oil, natural gas and NGLs are beyond our control. These factors include, among
others: 

•

 domestic and worldwide supply of, and demand for, oil, natural gas and NGLs; 

•

 volatile trading patterns in the commodity-futures markets; 

•

 the cost of exploring for, developing, producing, transporting and marketing oil, natural gas and NGLs; 

•

 weather conditions; 

•

 the ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and other producing nations to agree to and maintain
production levels; 

•

 the worldwide military and political environment, civil and political unrest in Africa and the Middle East, uncertainty or instability resulting
from the escalation or additional outbreak of armed hostilities or further acts of terrorism in the United States, or elsewhere; 

•

 the effect of worldwide energy conservation efforts; 

•

 the price and availability of alternative and competing fuels; 

•

 the price and level of foreign imports of oil, natural gas and NGLs; 

•

 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; 

•

 the proximity to, and capacity of, natural-gas pipelines and other transportation facilities; and 

•

 general economic conditions worldwide. 

The long-term effect of these and other factors on the prices of oil, natural gas and NGLs are uncertain. Prolonged or substantial declines in these commodity prices may have the following effects on
our business: 

•

 adversely affecting our financial condition, liquidity, ability to finance planned capital expenditures and results of operations;

•

 reducing the amount of oil, natural gas and NGLs that we can produce economically; 

•

 causing us to delay or postpone some of our capital projects; 

•

 reducing our revenues, operating income or cash flows; 

•

 reducing the amounts of our estimated proved oil and natural-gas reserves; 

•

 reducing the carrying value of our oil and natural-gas properties; 

•

 reducing the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to oil and natural-gas reserves; and 

•

 limiting our access to sources of capital, such as equity and long-term debt. 

32 

Table of Contents

Our domestic operations are subject to governmental risks that may impact
our operations. 

Our domestic operations have been, and at times in the future may be, affected by
political developments and are subject to complex federal, regional, state, tribal, local and other laws and regulations such as restrictions on production, permitting, changes in taxes, deductions, royalties and other amounts payable to
governments or governmental agencies, price or gathering-rate controls, hydraulic fracturing and environmental protection regulations. In order to conduct our operations in compliance with these laws and regulations, we must obtain and maintain
numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various federal, regional, state, tribal and local governmental authorities. We may incur substantial costs in order to maintain compliance with these existing laws and regulations. In addition,
our costs of compliance may increase if existing laws, including environmental and tax laws, and regulations are revised or reinterpreted, or if new laws and regulations become applicable to our operations. For example, federal legislation, proposed
in the recently concluded session of Congress and that could be introduced in the current session of Congress, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, if such legislation were introduced
and adopted, which legislation includes the following: 

•

 Climate Change.    In the recently concluded session of Congress, climate-change legislation establishing a
“cap-and-trade” plan for green-house gases (GHGs) was approved by the U.S. House of Representatives. It is not possible at this time to predict whether or when the current session of Congress may act on climate-change legislation. The
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has also taken recent action related to GHGs. Based on recent developments, the EPA now purports to have a basis to begin regulating emissions of GHGs under existing provisions of the federal Clean Air
Act, effective January 2, 2011. 

•

 Taxes.    The U.S. President’s Fiscal Year 2012 Budget Proposal includes provisions that would, if enacted, make
significant changes to U.S. tax laws. These changes include, but are not limited to, (i) eliminating the immediate deduction for intangible drilling and development costs, (ii) eliminating the deduction from income for domestic
production activities relating to oil and natural-gas exploration and development, and (iii) implementing certain international tax reforms. 

•

 Hydraulic Fracturing.    In the recently concluded session of Congress, legislation amending the federal Safe Drinking
Water Act to require the disclosure of chemicals used by the oil and natural-gas industry in the hydraulic-fracturing process was considered. Currently, regulation of hydraulic fracturing is primarily conducted at the state level through
permitting and other compliance requirements. It is not possible at this time to predict whether or when the current session of Congress may act on hydraulic-fracturing legislation. Such legislation, if adopted, could establish an additional
level of regulation and permitting at the federal level. 

The recent adoption of
derivatives legislation by the U.S. Congress could have an adverse effect on the Company’s ability to use derivative instruments to reduce the effect of commodity price, interest rate and other risks associated with its business.

The U.S. Congress recently adopted the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (HR
4173), which, among other provisions, establishes federal oversight and regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities, such as the Company, that participate in that market. The new legislation was signed into law by the
President on July 21, 2010, and requires the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC) and the SEC to promulgate rules and regulations implementing the new legislation within 360 days from the date of enactment. In its rulemaking under
the new legislation, the CFTC has proposed regulations to set position limits for certain futures and option contracts in the major energy markets and for swaps that are their economic equivalents. Certain bona fide hedging transactions or
positions would be exempt from these position limits. It is not possible at this time to predict when the CFTC will finalize these regulations. The financial reform legislation may also require the Company to comply with margin
requirements and with certain clearing and trade-execution requirements in connection with its derivative activities, although the application of those provisions to the Company is uncertain at this time. The financial reform legislation may also
require the counterparties to the Company’s derivative instruments to spin off some of their derivatives activities to separate entities, which may not be as creditworthy as the current counterparties. The new legislation and any new
regulations could significantly increase the cost of derivative contracts (including through requirements to post collateral which could adversely affect our available liquidity), materially alter the terms of derivative contracts, reduce the
availability of derivatives to protect against risks the Company encounters, reduce the Company’s ability to monetize or restructure its existing derivative contracts, and increase the Company’s exposure to

33 

Table of Contents

less creditworthy counterparties. If the Company reduces its use of derivatives as a result of the legislation and regulations, the Company’s results of operations may become more volatile
and its cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect the Company’s ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures. Finally, the legislation was intended, in part, to reduce the volatility of oil and natural gas
prices, which some legislators attributed to speculative trading in derivatives and commodity instruments related to oil and natural gas. The Company’s revenues could therefore be adversely affected if a consequence of the legislation and
regulations is to lower commodity prices. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Our debt and other financial commitments may limit our financial and operating flexibility. 

At December 31, 2010, our total debt was $13.0 billion. We also have various commitments for leases, drilling
contracts and transportation and purchase obligations for services and products. Our financial commitments could have important consequences to our business including, but not limited to: 

•

 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 limiting our ability to fund future working capital and capital expenditures, to engage in future acquisitions or development activities, or to
otherwise realize the value of our assets and opportunities fully because of the need to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our debt or to comply with any restrictive terms of our debt;

•

 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the industry in which we operate; and 

•

 placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt and fewer financial commitments.

Additionally, the credit agreement governing our senior secured revolving credit facility
(the $5.0 billion Facility) contains a number of covenants that impose greater operating and financial constraints on the Company than those that existed under the previous borrowing arrangements, including restrictions on our ability to:

•

 incur additional indebtedness; 

•

 sell assets; and 

•

 incur liens. 

Our cost of capital under the terms of the $5.0 billion Facility is greater than our cost of capital under the $1.3 billion revolving credit agreement previously in effect due to the
increased size and term of the $5.0 billion Facility and then-current market conditions. Provisions of the $5.0 billion Facility also require us to maintain specified financial covenants as further described in Liquidity and Capital
Resources under Item 7 of this Form 10-K. Our ability to meet such covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. 

A downgrade in our credit rating could negatively impact our cost of and ability to access capital. 

In June 2010, Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s) lowered the Company’s senior unsecured credit rating from “Baa3” to “Ba1” and placed the Company’s long-term
ratings under review for further possible downgrade (the Credit Rating Downgrade), while Standard & Poor’s (S&P) and Fitch Ratings (Fitch) each affirmed their “BBB-” rating with a negative outlook. In September 2010,
Moody’s announced that it concluded its review and confirmed Anadarko’s “Ba1” credit rating and changed the rating outlook to stable. As of the date of filing this Form 10-K, no changes in the Company’s credit rating have
occurred and we are not aware of any current plans of S&P, Fitch or Moody’s to revise their respective ratings on our long-term debt. However, we cannot provide assurance that our credit ratings will not be further lowered. Any further
downgrade to our credit ratings could negatively impact both our cost of, and our ability to access capital. 

As a result of the Credit Rating Downgrade, Anadarko also is more likely to be required to post collateral as financial assurance of its performance under other contractual arrangements, such as pipeline
transportation contracts, oil and gas sales contracts, and work commitments. At December 31, 2010, $461 million of letters of credit were provided as assurance of the Company’s performance under these types of arrangements,
$377 million of which were issued under the $5.0 billion Facility. Further downgrades by the rating agencies may prompt requests by some of Anadarko’s business partners for the posting of additional collateral in the form of letters of
credit or cash. 

34 

Table of Contents

In addition, as a result of the Credit Rating Downgrade, the Company’s
credit thresholds with its derivative counterparties were reduced and in many cases eliminated. There have been no requests for termination or full settlement of derivative liability positions by counterparties, most of which maintain secured
positions with respect to these balances as lenders under the $5.0 billion Facility. The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features for which a net liability position existed on December 31,
2010, was $9 million, net of collateral. Cash collateral held by derivative counterparties from Anadarko was $15 million at December 31, 2010. For additional information, see Liquidity and Capital Resources under Item 7 of this
Form 10-K. 

Our proved reserves are estimates. Any material inaccuracies in our reserve estimates or
assumptions underlying our reserve estimates could cause the quantities and net present value of our reserves to be overstated or understated. 

There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved reserves, including many factors beyond our control that could cause the quantities and net present value of our reserves to be
overstated or understated. The reserve information included or incorporated by reference in this report represents estimates prepared by our internal engineers. The procedures and methods for estimating the reserves by our internal engineers
were reviewed by independent petroleum consultants; however, no reserve audit was conducted by these consultants. Estimation of reserves is not an exact science. Estimates of economically recoverable oil and natural-gas reserves and of future net
cash flows necessarily depend upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, any of which may cause actual results to vary considerably from these estimates, such as: 

•

 historical production from an area compared with production from similar producing areas; 

•

 assumed effects of regulation by governmental agencies; 

•

 assumptions concerning future oil and natural-gas prices, future operating costs and capital expenditures; and 

•

 estimates of future severance and excise taxes, workover and remedial costs. 

Estimates of reserves based on risk of recovery and estimates of expected future net cash flows prepared by
different engineers, or by the same engineers at different times, may vary substantially. Actual production, revenues and expenditures with respect to our reserves will likely vary from estimates, and the variance may be material. The
discounted cash flows included in this report should not be construed as the current market value of the estimated oil, natural-gas and NGLs reserves attributable to our properties. For the December 31, 2009 and 2010 reserves, in accordance
with SEC requirements, the estimated discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves are based upon average 12-month sales prices using the average beginning-of-month price, while reserves for all periods prior to December 31, 2009,
are based on year-end sales prices. Actual future prices and costs may differ materially from the SEC regulation-compliant prices used for purposes of estimating discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves. 

Failure to replace reserves may negatively affect our business. 

Our future success depends upon our ability to find, develop or acquire additional oil and natural-gas reserves that are
economically recoverable. Our proved reserves generally decline when reserves are produced, unless we conduct successful exploration or development activities or acquire properties containing proved reserves, or both. We may be unable to find,
develop or acquire additional reserves on an economic basis. Furthermore, if oil and natural-gas prices increase, our costs for finding or acquiring additional reserves could also increase. 

Poor general economic, business or industry conditions may have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, liquidity and financial condition. 

During the last few years, concerns over inflation, energy
costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, the United States mortgage market and a declining real estate market in the United States have contributed to increased economic uncertainty and diminished expectations for the global
economy. 

These factors, combined with volatile oil, natural-gas and NGLs prices, declining business and
consumer confidence, and increased unemployment, contributed to the recession in the United States during 2008 and 2009. Concerns about global economic conditions have had a significant adverse impact on global financial markets and

35 

Table of Contents

commodity prices. If an economic recovery in the United States or abroad is slow or prolonged, demand for petroleum products could diminish or stagnate, which could impact the price at which we
can sell our oil, natural gas and NGLs, affect our vendors’, suppliers’ and customers’ ability to continue operations, and ultimately adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 

Our results of operations could be adversely affected by asset impairments. 

As a result of mergers and acquisitions, at December 31, 2010, we had approximately $5.3 billion of goodwill on
our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Goodwill is not amortized, and must be tested at least annually for impairment, and more frequently when circumstances indicate likely impairment, by applying a fair-value-based test. Goodwill is considered impaired
to the extent that its carrying amount exceeds its implied fair value. Various factors could lead to an impairment of goodwill, such as the Company’s inability to replace the value of its depleting asset base, or other adverse events, such
as lower sustained oil and gas prices, which could reduce the fair value of the associated reporting unit. An impairment of goodwill could have a substantial negative effect on our profitability. 

We are subject to complex laws and regulations relating to environmental protection that can adversely affect the
cost, manner and feasibility of doing business. 

Our operations and properties are subject to numerous
federal, regional, state, tribal, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to environmental protection from the time projects commence until abandonment. These laws and regulations govern, among other things: 

•

 the amounts and types of substances and materials that may be released; 

•

 the issuance of permits in connection with exploration, drilling, production and midstream activities; 

•

 the protection of endangered species; 

•

 the release of emissions; 

•

 the discharge and disposition of generated waste materials; 

•

 offshore oil and gas operations; 

•

 the reclamation and abandonment of wells and facility sites; and 

•

 the remediation of contaminated sites. 

In addition, these laws and regulations may impose substantial liabilities for our failure to comply with them or for any contamination resulting from our operations. Future environmental laws and
regulations, such as proposed legislation regulating climate change or hydraulic fracturing, may negatively impact our industry. The cost of satisfying these requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows. For a description of certain environmental proceedings in which we are involved, see Legal Proceedings under Item 3 of this Form 10-K. 

We are vulnerable to risks associated with our offshore operations that could negatively impact our operations and
financial results. 

We conduct offshore operations in the Gulf of Mexico, Ghana, Mozambique, Brazil, China
and other countries. Our operations and financial results could be significantly impacted by conditions in some of these areas, such as the Gulf of Mexico, because we explore and produce extensively in those areas. As a result of this activity,
we are vulnerable to the risks associated with operating offshore, including those relating to: 

•

 hurricanes and other adverse weather conditions; 

•

 oil field service costs and availability; 

•

 compliance with environmental and other laws and regulations; 

•

 terrorist attacks, such as piracy; 

•

 remediation and other costs and regulatory changes resulting from oil spills or releases of hazardous materials; and 

•

 failure of equipment or facilities. 

36 

Table of Contents

In addition, we expect to conduct some of our exploration in the deep waters
(greater than 1,000 feet) of the Gulf of Mexico, where operations are more difficult and costly than in shallower waters. The deep waters in the Gulf of Mexico, as well as international deepwater locations, lack the physical and oilfield service
infrastructure present in its shallower waters. As a result, deepwater operations may require a significant amount of time between a discovery and the time that we can market our production, thereby increasing the risk involved with these
operations. 

Further, production of reserves from reservoirs in the Gulf of Mexico generally declines more
rapidly than from reservoirs in many other producing regions of the world. This results in recovery of a relatively higher percentage of reserves from properties in the Gulf of Mexico during the initial few years of production and, as a result, our
reserve replacement needs from new prospects may be greater there than for our operations elsewhere. Also, our revenues and return on capital will depend significantly on prices prevailing during these relatively short production periods.

We operate in other countries and are subject to political, economic and other uncertainties.

Our operations outside the United States are based primarily in Algeria, Brazil, China, Cote
d’Ivoire, Ghana, Indonesia, Liberia, Mozambique and Sierra Leone. As a result, we face political and economic risks and other uncertainties with respect to our international operations. These risks may include, among other things: 

•

 loss of revenue, property and equipment as a result of hazards such as expropriation, war, piracy, acts of terrorism, insurrection, civil unrest and
other political risks; 

•

 transparency issues in general and, more specifically, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption compliance issues;

•

 increases in taxes and governmental royalties; 

•

 unilateral renegotiation of contracts by governmental entities; 

•

 difficulties enforcing our rights against a governmental agency because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity and foreign sovereignty over
international operations; 

•

 changes in laws and policies governing operations of foreign-based companies; 

•

 foreign-exchange restrictions; and 

•

 international monetary fluctuations and changes in the relative value of the U.S. dollar as compared with the currencies of other countries in which
we conduct business. 

For example, in 2006, the Algerian parliament approved legislation
establishing an exceptional profits tax on foreign companies’ Algerian oil production and issued regulations implementing this legislation. In response to the Algerian government’s imposition of the exceptional profits tax, we
notified Sonatrach of our disagreement with the collection of the exceptional profits tax. In February 2009, we initiated arbitration against Sonatrach with regard to the exceptional profits tax. For additional information, see Note 16—Other
Taxes in the 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

Recently, outbreaks of civil and political unrest have occurred in several countries in Africa and the Middle East,
including countries where we conduct operations, such as Algeria and Cote d’Ivoire. As exhibited by the recent events in Tunisia and Egypt, these outbreaks have in certain instances resulted in the established governing body being
overthrown. Continued or escalated civil and political unrest in the countries in which we operate could result in our curtailing operations. For instance, a dispute over a recent election in Cote d’Ivoire has resulted in the
establishment of two rival governments. Due to the uncertainty surrounding the civil and political unrest resulting from this disputed election, in February 2011, we suspended our operations in Cote d’Ivoire by declaring force majeure. We are
unable to predict when or how the disputed election will be resolved, and when or if we would be able to resume operations in Cote d’Ivoire. In the event that countries in which we operate experience political or civil unrest, especially in
events where such unrest leads to an unseating of the established government, our operations in such country could be materially impaired. 

Our international operations may also be adversely affected by laws and policies of the United States affecting foreign trade and taxation. 

Realization of any of the factors listed above could materially and adversely affect our financial position, results of
operations or cash flows. 

37 

Table of Contents

Our commodity-price-risk management and trading activities may prevent us
from benefiting fully from price increases and may expose us to other risks. 

To the extent that we engage
in commodity-price-risk management activities to protect our cash flows from commodity price declines, we may be prevented from realizing the full benefits of price increases above the levels of the derivative instruments used to manage price
risk. In addition, our commodity-price-risk management and trading activities may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, including instances in which: 

•

 our production is less than the hedged volumes; 

•

 there is a widening of price basis differentials between delivery points for our production and the delivery point assumed in the hedge
arrangement; 

•

 the counterparties to our hedging or other price-risk management contracts fail to perform under those arrangements; or

•

 a sudden unexpected event materially impacts oil and natural-gas prices. 

The credit risk of financial institutions could adversely affect us. 

We have exposure to different counterparties, and we have entered into transactions with counterparties in the financial
services industry, including commercial banks, investment banks, insurance companies, investment funds and other institutions. These transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty. Deterioration in the credit
markets may impact the credit ratings of our current and potential counterparties and affect their ability to fulfill their existing obligations to us and their willingness to enter into future transactions with us. We have exposure to these
financial institutions through our derivative transactions. In addition, if any lender under our credit facility is unable to fund its commitment, our liquidity will be reduced by an amount up to the aggregate amount of such lender’s commitment
under our credit facility. 

We are not insured against all of the operating risks to which our business is
exposed. 

Our business is subject to all of the operating risks normally associated with the exploration
for and production, gathering, processing and transportation of oil and gas, including blowouts, cratering and fire, any of which could result in damage to, or destruction of, oil and natural-gas wells or formations or production facilities and
other property and injury to persons. As protection against financial loss resulting from these operating hazards, we maintain insurance coverage, including certain physical damage, blowout/control of well, comprehensive general liability and
worker’s compensation insurance and employer’s liability. However, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover us against 100% of potential losses arising as a result of the foregoing, and for certain risks, such as political
risk, business interruption, war, terrorism and piracy, for which we have limited or no coverage. In addition, we are not insured against all risks in all aspects of our business, such as hurricanes. The occurrence of a significant event
against which we are not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Material differences between the estimated and actual timing of critical events may affect the completion of and
commencement of production from development projects. 

We are involved in several large development
projects. Key factors that may affect the timing and outcome of such projects include: 

•

 project approvals by joint-venture partners; 

•

 timely issuance of permits and licenses by governmental agencies; 

•

 weather conditions; 

•

 availability of personnel; 

•

 manufacturing and delivery schedules of critical equipment; and 

•

 commercial arrangements for pipelines and related equipment to transport and market hydrocarbons. 

Delays and differences between estimated and actual timing of critical events may affect the forward-looking statements
related to large development projects. 

38 

Table of Contents

The oil and gas exploration and production industry is very competitive,
and some of our exploration and production competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. 

The oil and gas business is highly competitive in the search for and acquisition of reserves and in the gathering and marketing of oil and gas production. Our competitors include national oil companies,
major oil and gas companies, independent oil and gas companies, individual producers, gas marketers and major pipeline companies, as well as participants in other industries supplying energy and fuel to industrial, commercial and individual
consumers. Some of our competitors may have greater and more diverse resources upon which to draw than we do. If we are not successful in our competition for oil and gas reserves or in our marketing of production, our financial condition and
results of operations may be adversely affected. 

The high cost or unavailability of drilling rigs,
equipment, supplies, personnel and other oil field services could adversely affect our ability to execute our exploration and development plans on a timely basis and within our budget, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

Our industry is cyclical and, from time to time, there is a
shortage of drilling rigs, equipment, supplies or qualified personnel. During these periods, the costs of rigs, equipment, supplies and personnel are substantially greater and their availability may be limited. Additionally, these services may not
be available on commercially reasonable terms. The high cost or unavailability of drilling rigs, equipment, supplies, personnel and other oil field services could adversely affect our ability to execute our exploration and development plans on a
timely basis and within our budget, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our drilling activities may not be productive. 

Drilling
for oil and natural gas involves numerous risks, including the risk that we will not encounter commercially productive oil or natural-gas reservoirs. The costs of drilling, completing and operating wells are often uncertain, and drilling operations
may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of a variety of factors, including: 

•

 unexpected drilling conditions; 

•

 pressure or irregularities in formations; 

•

 equipment failures or accidents; 

•

 fires, explosions, blowouts and surface cratering; 

•

 marine risks such as capsizing, collisions and hurricanes; 

•

 title problems; 

•

 other adverse weather conditions; and 

•

 shortages or delays in the delivery of equipment. 

Certain of our future drilling activities may not be successful and, if unsuccessful, this failure
could have an adverse effect on our future results of operations and financial condition. While all drilling, whether developmental or exploratory, involves these risks, exploratory drilling involves greater risks of dry holes or failure to
find commercial quantities of hydrocarbons. Because of the percentage of our capital budget devoted to high-risk exploratory projects, it is likely that we will continue to experience significant exploration and dry hole expenses. 

We have limited control over the activities on properties we do not operate. 

Other companies operate some of the properties in which we have an interest. We have limited ability to influence
or control the operation or future development of these non-operated properties or the amount of capital expenditures that we are required to fund with respect to them. Our dependence on the operator and other working interest owners
for these projects and our limited ability to influence or control the operation and future development of these properties could materially adversely affect the realization of our targeted returns on capital and lead to unexpected future
costs. 

39 

Table of Contents

Our ability to sell our gas and oil production could be materially harmed
if we fail to obtain adequate services such as transportation. 

The marketability of our production
depends in part upon the availability, proximity and capacity of pipeline facilities and tanker transportation. If any of the pipelines or tankers become unavailable, we would be required to find a suitable alternative to transport the natural
gas and oil, which could increase our costs and/or reduce the revenues we might obtain from the sale of the gas and oil. 

Provisions in our corporate documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control of Anadarko, even if that change would be beneficial to our stockholders. 

Our restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain provisions that may make a change of control of Anadarko
difficult, even if it may be beneficial to our stockholders, including provisions governing the classification, nomination and removal of directors, prohibiting stockholder action by written consent and regulating the ability of our stockholders to
bring matters for action before annual stockholder meetings, and the authorization given to our Board of Directors to issue and set the terms of preferred stock. 

In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law imposes restrictions on mergers and other business
combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock. 

We may reduce or
cease to pay dividends on our common stock. 

We can provide no assurance that we will continue to pay
dividends at the current rate or at all. The amount of cash dividends, if any, to be paid in the future will depend upon their declaration by our Board of Directors and upon our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the levels of
our capital and exploration expenditures, our future business prospects, expected liquidity needs and other related matters that our Board of Directors deems relevant. 

The loss of key members of our management team, or difficulty attracting and retaining experienced technical
personnel, could reduce our competitiveness and prospects for future success. 

The successful
implementation of our strategies and handling of other issues integral to our future success will depend, in part, on our experienced management team. The loss of key members of our management team, including James T. Hackett, our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, could have an adverse effect on our business. We entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Hackett to secure his employment with us. We do not carry key man insurance. Our exploratory drilling success and the success
of other activities integral to our operations will depend, in part, on our ability to attract and retain experienced explorationists, engineers and other professionals. Competition for such professionals is intense. If we cannot retain our
technical personnel or attract additional experienced technical personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed.