In conjunction with evaluating an investment in the Company and the
forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or presented elsewhere by management from time to time, you should carefully read the following risk factors. Any of the following risks could have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business,
there may be additional risks and uncertainties that adversely affect our business, performance, or financial condition in the future that are not presently known, are not currently believed to be significant, or are not identified below because
they are common to all businesses. 

Overall Economic Conditions—A return of recessionary economic conditions in
certain markets in which the Company does business may decrease the demand for its goods and services and adversely impact its revenues, operating results, and cash flow. 

Demand for the Company’s products and services depends in part on the general economic conditions affecting the countries and
industries in which the Company does business. Recently, uncertain economic conditions in certain geographies and industries served by the Company have impacted and may in the future impact demand for the Company’s products and services, in
turn negatively impacting the Company’s revenues and earnings. Unfavorable conditions can depress sales in a given market, affect our margins, constrain our operating flexibility, or result in charges which are unusual or nonrecurring. Excess
capacity in the Company’s or its competitors’ manufacturing facilities could decrease the Company’s ability to maintain pricing and generate profits. Unanticipated contract terminations or project delays by current customers can also
negatively impact financial results. Our operating results in one or more segments may also be affected by uncertain or deteriorating economic conditions particularly germane to that segment or to particular customer markets within that segment.

Asset Impairments—The Company may be required to record impairment on its long-lived assets. 

Weak demand may cause underutilization of the Company’s manufacturing capacity or elimination of product lines; contract
terminations or customer shutdowns may force sale or abandonment of facilities and equipment; and contractual provisions may allow customer buyout of facilities or equipment. These or other events associated with weak economic conditions or specific
end market, product, or customer events may require the Company to record an impairment on tangible assets, such as facilities and equipment, or intangible assets, such as intellectual property or goodwill, which would have a negative impact on its
financial results. 

Competition—Inability to compete effectively in a segment could adversely impact sales and
financial performance. 

The Company faces strong competition from several large global competitors and many smaller
regional ones in all of its business segments. Introduction by competitors of new technologies, competing products, or additional capacity could weaken demand for or impact pricing of the Company’s products, negatively impacting financial
results. In addition, competitors’ pricing policies could materially affect the Company’s profitability or its market share. 

Raw Material and Energy Cost and Availability—Interruption in ordinary sources of supply or an inability to recover increases in energy and raw material costs from customers could result in lost sales or
reduced profitability. 

A disruption in the supply of energy and raw materials, whether due to market conditions,
legislative or regulatory actions, natural events, or other disruption, could prevent the Company from meeting its contractual commitments, harming its business and financial results. Energy, including electricity, natural gas, and diesel fuel for
delivery trucks, is the largest cost component of the Company’s business. Because the Company’s industrial gas facilities use substantial amounts of electricity, energy price fluctuations could materially impact the Company’s revenues
and earnings. Hydrocarbons, including natural gas, are the primary feedstock for the production of hydrogen, carbon monoxide, and synthesis gas. Helium is a by-product of natural gas production. Lower natural gas production due to further
deterioration in natural gas prices or other factors, such as supplier operating issues, could further reduce crude helium available for the Company to process for resale to its customers, reducing its sales. The Electronics and Performance
Materials segment uses a wide variety of raw materials, including alcohols, ethyleneamines, cyclohexylamine, acrylonitriles, and glycols. Shortages or price escalation in these materials could negatively impact financial results. 

9 

The Company typically contracts to pass through cost increases in energy and raw
materials to its customers, but cost variability can still have a negative impact on its results. The Company may not be able to raise prices as quickly as costs rise, or competitive pressures may prevent full recovery. Increases in energy or raw
material costs that cannot be passed on to customers for competitive or other reasons would negatively impact the Company’s revenues and earnings. Even where costs are passed through, price increases can cause lower sales volume. 

Regulatory Compliance—The Company is subject to extensive government regulation in jurisdictions around the globe in which
it does business. Changes in regulations addressing, among other things, environmental compliance, import/export restrictions, and taxes, can negatively impact the Company’s operations and financial results. 

The Company is subject to government regulation in the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which it conducts its business.
The application of laws and regulations to the Company’s business is sometimes unclear. Compliance with laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in business practice that could result in reduced profitability.
Determination of noncompliance can result in penalties or sanctions that could also impact financial results. Compliance with changes in laws or regulations can require additional capital expenditures or increase operating costs. Export controls or
other regulatory restrictions could prevent the Company from shipping its products to and from some markets or increase the cost of doing so. This area continues to attract external focus by multiple customs and export enforcement authorities.
Changes in tax laws and regulations and international tax treaties could affect the financial results of the Company’s businesses. 

Greenhouse Gases—Legislative and regulatory responses to global climate change create financial risk. 

Some of the Company’s operations are within jurisdictions that have or are developing regulatory regimes governing emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG). These include existing and expanding coverage under the
European Union (EU) Emissions Trading Scheme (ETS); mandatory reporting and reductions at manufacturing facilities in Alberta, Canada; and mandatory reporting and anticipated constraints on GHG emissions in Ontario, Canada and South Korea. In
addition, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is regulating GHG emissions for new construction and major modifications to existing facilities. As of 1 January 2013, The Company’s hydrogen production facilities in California and the EU
will begin their compliance obligation under California’s AB32 cap and trade program and Phase 3 EU ETS, respectively; however, these facilities have contractual terms to enable cost recovery. 

Increased public concern may result in more international, U.S. federal, and/or regional requirements to reduce or mitigate the
effects of GHG. Although uncertain, these developments could increase the Company’s costs related to consumption of electric power, hydrogen production, and fluorinated gases production. The Company believes it will be able to mitigate some of
the increased costs through its contractual terms, but the lack of definitive legislation or regulatory requirements prevents accurate estimate of the long-term impact on the Company. Any legislation that limits or taxes GHG emissions could impact
the Company’s growth, increase its operating costs, or reduce demand for certain of its products. 

Environmental
Compliance—Costs and expenses resulting from compliance with environmental regulations may negatively impact the Company’s operations and financial results. 

The Company is subject to extensive federal, state, local, and foreign environmental and safety laws and regulations concerning,
among other things, emissions in the air, discharges to land and water, and the generation, handling, treatment, and disposal of hazardous waste and other materials. The Company takes its environmental responsibilities very seriously, but there is a
risk of environmental impact inherent in its manufacturing operations and transportation of chemicals. Future developments and more stringent environmental regulations may require the Company to make additional unforeseen environmental expenditures.
In addition, laws and regulations may require significant expenditures for environmental protection equipment, compliance, and remediation. These additional costs may adversely affect financial results. For a more detailed description of these
matters, see “Narrative Description of the Company’s Business Generally—Environmental Controls,” above. 

Foreign Operations, Political, and Legal Risks—The Company’s foreign operations can be adversely impacted by nationalization or expropriation of property, undeveloped property rights and legal systems,
or political instability. Developing market operations present special risks. 

The Company’s operations in
certain foreign jurisdictions are subject to nationalization and expropriation risk, and some of its contractual relationships within these jurisdictions are subject to cancellation without full compensation for loss. Economic and political
conditions within foreign jurisdictions, social unrest, or strained relations between 

10 

countries can cause fluctuations in demand, price volatility, supply disruptions, or loss of property. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse impact on the
Company’s operations and financial results. 

Our developing market operations may be subject to greater political,
legal, and economic risks than those faced by our operations in mature economies. We expect to achieve our long-term financial goals, in part, by achieving disproportionate growth in developing regions. Should growth rates or our market share fall
substantially below expected levels in these regions, our results could be negatively impacted. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage the risks inherent in operating in a developing market, including unfamiliar regulatory
environments, new relationships with local partners, and tailoring products for acceptance by local markets. 

We may
not be able to successfully implement initiatives to improve productivity and streamline operations to control or reduce costs. 

Achieving our long-term profitability and return goals depends significantly on our efforts to control or reduce our operating costs. Because many of our costs are affected by factors outside or substantially
outside our control, we generally must seek to control or reduce costs through operating efficiency or other initiatives. Such initiatives are important to our success. If we are not able to identify and complete initiatives designed to control or
reduce costs and increase operating efficiency, or if the cost savings initiatives we have implemented to date, or any future cost-savings initiatives, do not generate expected cost savings, our financial results could be adversely impacted.

Currency Fluctuations—Changes in foreign currencies may adversely affect the Company’s financial results.

A substantial amount of the Company’s sales are derived from outside the United States and denominated in
foreign currencies. The Company also has significant production facilities which are located outside of the United States. Financial results therefore will be affected by changes in foreign currency rates. The Company uses certain financial
instruments to mitigate these effects, but it is not cost-effective to hedge foreign currency exposure in a manner that would entirely eliminate the effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on earnings, cash flows, and fair values of assets and
liabilities. Accordingly, reported sales, net earnings, cash flows, and fair values have been and in the future will be affected by changes in foreign exchange rates. For a more detailed discussion of currency exposure, see Item 7A, below.

Interest Rate Increases—The Company’s earnings, cash flow, and financial position can be impacted by
interest rate increases. 

At 30 September 2012, the Company had total consolidated debt of
$5,291.9 million, of which $1,007.7 million will mature in the next twelve months. The Company expects to continue to incur indebtedness to fund new projects and replace maturing debt. Although the Company actively manages its interest
rate risk through the use of derivatives and diversified debt obligations, not all borrowings at variable rates are hedged, and new debt will be priced at market rates. If interest rates increase, the Company’s interest expense could increase
significantly, affecting earnings and reducing cash flow available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other purposes. In addition, changes by any rating agency to the Company’s outlook or credit ratings could increase
the Company’s cost of borrowing. For a more detailed discussion of interest rate risk, see Item 7A, below. 

Pension Liabilities—The Company’s results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted by its
pension plans. 

Adverse equity market conditions and volatility in the credit markets have had and may continue to
have an unfavorable impact on the value of the Company’s pension trust assets and its future estimated pension liabilities, significantly affecting the net periodic benefit costs of its pension plans and ongoing funding requirements for these
plans. As a result, the Company’s financial results and cash flow in any period could be negatively impacted. For information about potential impacts from pension funding and the use of certain assumptions regarding pension matters, see the
discussion in Note 15, Retirement Benefits, to the consolidated financial statements, included in Item 8, below. 

Catastrophic Events—Catastrophic events could disrupt the Company’s operations or the operations of its suppliers or
customers, having a negative impact on the Company’s business, financial results, and cash flow. 

The
Company’s operations could be impacted by catastrophic events outside the Company’s control, including severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, and storms, or acts of war and terrorism. Any

11 

such event could cause a serious business disruption that could affect the Company’s ability to produce and distribute its products and possibly expose it to third-party liability claims.
Additionally, such events could impact the Company’s suppliers, in which event energy and raw materials may be unavailable to the Company, or its customers may be unable to purchase or accept the Company’s products and services. Any such
occurrence could have a negative impact on the Company’s operations and financial results. 

Operational
Risks—Operational and execution risks may adversely affect the Company’s operations or financial results. 

The Company’s operation of its facilities, pipelines, and delivery systems inherently entails hazards that require continuous
oversight and control, such as pipeline leaks and ruptures, fire, explosions, toxic releases, mechanical failures, or vehicle accidents. If operational risks materialize, they could result in loss of life, damage to the environment, or loss of
production, all of which could negatively impact the Company’s ongoing operations, reputation, financial results, and cash flow. In addition, the Company’s operating results are dependent on the continued operation of its production
facilities and its ability to meet customer requirements. Operating results are also dependent on the Company’s ability to complete new construction projects on time, on budget, and in accordance with performance requirements. Failure to do so
may expose the Company to loss of revenue, potential litigation, and loss of business reputation. 

Information
Security—The security of the Company’s Information Technology systems could be compromised, which could adversely affect its ability to operate. 

We depend on information technology to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with customers, as well as maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. Our information technology capabilities are delivered
through a combination of internal and outsourced service providers. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing
inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to our intellectual property through security breach. As with all large systems, our information systems could be penetrated by outside parties intent on
extracting information, corrupting information, or disrupting business processes. The Company’s systems have in the past been and likely will in the future be subject to hacking attempts. To date, the Company is not aware of any impact on its
operations or financial results from such attempts; however, unauthorized access could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss of assets and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

The Company’s business involves the use, storage, and transmission of information about its employees, vendors, and
customers. The protection of such information, as well as the Company’s information, is critical to the Company. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of
new and constantly changing requirements. The Company has established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of this information. The Company also, from time to time, exports sensitive customer data and technical
information to recipients outside the U.S. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers,
including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception, could expose us, our customers, or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information; could
result in litigation and potential liability for us; could damage our reputation; or could otherwise harm our business. 

Litigation and Regulatory Proceedings—The Company’s financial results may be affected by various legal and regulatory
proceedings, including those involving antitrust, tax, environmental, or other matters. 

The Company is subject to
litigation and regulatory proceedings in the normal course of business and could become subject to additional claims in the future, some of which could be material. The outcome of existing legal proceedings may differ from the Company’s
expectations because the outcomes of litigation, including regulatory matters, are often difficult to predict reliably. Various factors or developments can lead the Company to change current estimates of liabilities and related insurance
receivables, where applicable, or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible to reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments, or changes in
applicable law. A future adverse ruling, settlement, or unfavorable development could result in charges that could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations in any particular period. For a more detailed discussion of
the legal proceedings involving the Company, see Item 3, below. 

12 

Recruiting and Retaining Employees—Inability to attract, retain, or develop
skilled employees could adversely impact the Company’s business. 

Sustaining and growing the Company’s
business depends on the recruitment, development, and retention of qualified employees. Demographic trends, shortages in certain skills and changes in the geographic concentration of global businesses have created more competition for talent. The
inability to attract, develop, or retain quality employees could negatively impact the Company’s ability to take on new projects and sustain its operations, which might adversely affect the Company’s operations or its ability to grow.

New Technologies—New technologies create performance risks that could impact our financial results or
reputation. 

A number of new technologies and new product offerings are being developed or implemented in commercial
designs by the Company. Some of our existing technologies are being implemented in products and designs beyond our experience base. These technological expansions can create nontraditional performance risks to our operations. Failure of the
technologies to work as predicted or unintended consequences of new designs or uses could lead to cost overruns, project delays, financial penalties, or damage to our reputation. 

Acquisitions—The inability to effectively integrate acquisitions could adversely impact the Company’s financial
position and results of operation. 

The Company has recently made and expects to continue to evaluate potential
strategic acquisitions. Integrating an acquired company, business, or group of assets may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and may require significant financial and other resources. Risks include: 

•

 The need to implement or remediate controls, procedures, and policies at acquired companies or operations; 

•

 The need to integrate operations and accounting, management information, human resource, and other administrative systems; 

•

 Failure to achieve targeted synergies; 

•

 Failure of acquired businesses to grow as expected; and 

•

 Inability to retain key employees and business relationships of acquired companies. 

Foreign acquisitions involve unique risks in addition to those
mentioned above, including those related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks, and the particular economic, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries.