In conjunction with evaluating an investment in the Company and the
forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or presented elsewhere by management from time to time you should carefully read the following risk factors. Any of the following risks could have a materially adverse
effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business,
there may be additional risks and uncertainties that adversely affect our business, performance, or financial condition in the future that are not presently known, are not currently believed to be significant, or are not identified below because
common to all businesses. 

Overall Economic Conditions—A return of recessionary economic conditions in certain
markets in which the Company does business may decrease the demand for its goods and services and adversely impact its revenues, operating results, and cash flow. 

Demand for the Company’s products and services depends in part on the general economic conditions affecting the countries and
industries in which the Company does business. Recently, uncertain economic conditions in the U.S. and Europe and in certain industries served by the Company have impacted and may in the future impact demand for the Company’s products and
services, in turn negatively impacting the Company’s revenues and earnings. Unfavorable conditions can depress sales in a given market, affect our margins, constrain our operating flexibility, or result in charges which are unusual or
nonrecurring. Excess capacity in the Company’s or its competitors’ manufacturing facilities could decrease the Company’s ability to maintain pricing and generate profits. Unanticipated contract terminations or project delays by
current customers can also negatively impact financial results. 

Our operating results in one or more segments may also
be affected by uncertain or deteriorating economic conditions particularly germane to that segment or to particular customer markets within that segment. For example, our Electronics and Performance Materials segment could be significantly impacted
by a downturn in the semiconductor market due to decreases in consumer confidence resulting from economic conditions or fiscal policy uncertainties. Our Merchant Gases segment has a significant amount of trade receivables with national healthcare
systems in some European countries. We believe the credit and economic conditions within certain members of the European Union have continued to deteriorate. These conditions have resulted in, and may continue to result in, an increase in the
average length of time that it takes to collect on our accounts receivable outstanding in these countries. 

Asset
Impairments—The Company may be required to record impairment on its long-lived assets. 

Weak demand may cause
underutilization of the Company’s manufacturing capacity or elimination of product lines; contract terminations or customer shutdowns may force sale or abandonment of facilities and equipment; and contractual provisions may allow customer
buyout of facilities or equipment. These or other events associated with weak economic conditions or specific end market, product, or customer events may require the Company to record an impairment on tangible assets, such as facilities and
equipment, or intangible assets, such as intellectual property or goodwill, which would have a negative impact on its financial results. 

Competition—Inability to compete effectively in a segment could adversely impact sales and financial performance. 

The Company faces strong competition from several large global competitors and many smaller regional ones in all of its business segments. Introduction by competitors of new technologies, competing products, or
additional capacity could weaken demand for or impact pricing of the Company’s products, negatively impacting financial results. In addition, competitors’ pricing policies could materially affect the Company’s profitability or its
market share. 

Raw Material and Energy Cost and Availability—Interruption in ordinary sources of supply or an
inability to recover increases in energy and raw material costs from customers could result in lost sales or reduced profitability. 

Energy, including electricity, natural gas, and diesel fuel for delivery trucks, is the largest cost component of the Company’s business. Because the Company’s industrial gas facilities use substantial
amounts of electricity, energy price fluctuations could materially impact the Company’s revenues and earnings. Hydrocarbons, including natural gas, are the primary feedstock for the production of hydrogen, carbon monoxide, and synthesis gas.
The Electronics and Performance Materials segment uses a wide variety of raw materials, including alcohols, ethyleneamines, cyclohexylamine, acrylonitriles, and glycols. Shortages or price escalation in these materials could negatively impact

9 

Table of Contents

financial results. A disruption in the supply of energy and raw materials, whether due to market conditions, legislative or regulatory actions, natural events, or other disruption, could prevent
the Company from meeting its contractual commitments, harming its business and financial results. 

The Company typically
contracts to pass through cost increases in energy and raw materials to its customers, but cost variability can still have a negative impact on its results. The Company may not be able to raise prices as quickly as costs rise, or competitive
pressures may prevent full recovery. Increases in energy or raw material costs that cannot be passed on to customers for competitive or other reasons would negatively impact the Company’s revenues and earnings. Even where costs are passed
through, price increases can cause lower sales volume. 

Regulatory Compliance—The Company is subject to extensive
government regulation in jurisdictions around the globe in which it does business. Changes in regulations addressing, among other things, environmental compliance, import/export restrictions, and taxes, can negatively impact the Company’s
operations and financial results. 

The Company is subject to government regulation in the United States and foreign
jurisdictions in which it conducts its business. The application of laws and regulations to the Company’s business is sometimes unclear. Compliance with laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in business practice
that could result in reduced profitability. Determination of noncompliance can result in penalties or sanctions that could also impact financial results. Compliance with changes in laws or regulations can require additional capital expenditures or
increase operating costs. Export controls or other regulatory restrictions could prevent the Company from shipping its products to and from some markets or increase the cost of doing so. This area continues to attract external focus by multiple
customs and export enforcement authorities. Changes in tax laws and regulations and international tax treaties could affect the financial results of the Company’s businesses. 

Greenhouse Gases—Legislative and regulatory responses to global climate change create financial risk. 

Some of the Company’s operations are within jurisdictions that have, or are developing, regulatory regimes governing emissions
of greenhouse gases (GHG). These include existing and expanding coverage under the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme; mandatory reporting and reductions at manufacturing facilities in Alberta, Canada; and mandatory reporting and anticipated
constraints on GHG emissions in Ontario, Canada and South Korea. In addition, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is regulating GHG emissions for new construction and major modifications to existing facilities. At the U.S. state level,
California’s cap and trade program rules have been officially adopted and our compliance obligation as a hydrogen producer is set to begin January 1, 2013. Increased public concern may result in more international, U.S. federal, and/or
regional requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of GHG. Although uncertain, these developments could increase the Company’s costs related to consumption of electric power, hydrogen production, and fluorinated gases production. The
Company believes it will be able to mitigate some of the increased costs through its contractual terms, but the lack of definitive legislation or regulatory requirements prevents accurate estimate of the long-term impact on the Company. Any
legislation that limits or taxes GHG emissions could impact the Company’s growth, increase its operating costs, or reduce demand for certain of its products. 

Environmental Compliance—Costs and expenses resulting from compliance with environmental regulations may negatively impact
the Company’s operations and financial results. 

The Company is subject to extensive federal, state, local, and
foreign environmental and safety laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions in the air, discharges to land and water, and the generation, handling, treatment, and disposal of hazardous waste and other materials. The Company takes
its environmental responsibilities very seriously, but there is a risk of environmental impact inherent in its manufacturing operations and transportation of chemicals. Future developments and more stringent environmental regulations may require the
Company to make additional unforeseen environmental expenditures. In addition, laws and regulations may require significant expenditures for environmental protection equipment, compliance, and remediation. These additional costs may adversely affect
financial results. For a more detailed description of these matters, see “Narrative Description of the Company’s Business Generally—Environmental Controls,” above. 

Foreign Operations, Political, and Legal Risks—The Company’s foreign operations can be adversely impacted by
nationalization or expropriation of property, undeveloped property rights and legal systems, or political instability. Developing market operations present special risks. 

The Company’s operations in certain foreign jurisdictions are subject to nationalization and expropriation risk, and some of
its contractual relationships within these jurisdictions are subject to cancellation without full compensation for loss. Economic and political conditions within foreign jurisdictions, social unrest, or strained relations between

10 

Table of Contents

countries can cause fluctuations in demand, price volatility, supply disruptions, or loss of property. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse impact on the
Company’s operations and financial results. 

Our developing market operations may be subject to greater political,
legal, and economic risks than those faced by our operations in mature economies. We expect to achieve our long-term financial goals, in part, by achieving disproportionate growth in developing regions, including significant planned expansion in
China. Should growth rates or our market share fall substantially below expected levels in these regions, our results could be negatively impacted. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage the risks inherent in operating in a
developing market including: unfamiliar regulatory environments, new relationships with local partners, and tailoring products for acceptance by local markets. 

Margin and return on capital improvement goals are expected to be realized in part from productivity initiatives. We may not be able to successfully implement initiatives to improve productivity and streamline
operations to control or reduce costs. 

Achieving our profitability and return goals depends significantly on our
efforts to control or reduce our operating costs. Because many of our costs are affected by factors outside or substantially outside our control, we generally must seek to control or reduce costs through operating efficiency or other initiatives.
Such initiatives are important to our success. If we are not able to identify and complete initiatives designed to control or reduce costs and increase operating efficiency, or the cost savings initiatives we have implemented to date, or any future
cost-savings initiatives, do not generate expected cost savings, our financial results could be adversely impacted. 

Currency Fluctuations—Changes in foreign currencies may adversely affect the Company’s financial results.

A substantial amount of the Company’s sales are derived from outside the United States and denominated in
foreign currencies. The Company also has significant production facilities which are located outside of the United States. Financial results therefore will be affected by changes in foreign currency rates. The Company uses certain financial
instruments to mitigate these effects, but it is not cost-effective to hedge foreign currency exposure in a manner that would entirely eliminate the effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on earnings, cash flows, and fair values of assets and
liabilities. Accordingly, reported sales, net earnings, cash flows, and fair values have been and in the future will be affected by changes in foreign exchange rates. For a more detailed discussion of currency exposure, see Item 7A, below.

Interest Rate Increases—The Company’s earnings, cash flow, and financial position can be impacted by
interest rate increases. 

At 30 September 2011, the Company had total consolidated debt of
$4,562.2 million, of which $634.7 million will mature in the next twelve months. The Company expects to continue to incur indebtedness to fund new projects and replace maturing debt. Although the Company actively manages its interest rate
risk through the use of derivatives and diversified debt obligations, not all borrowings at variable rates are hedged, and new debt will be priced at market rates. If interest rates increase, the Company’s interest expense could increase
significantly, affecting earnings and reducing cash flow available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other purposes. In addition, changes by any rating agency to the Company’s outlook or credit ratings could increase
the Company’s cost of borrowing. For a more detailed discussion of interest rate risk, see Item 7A, below. 

Pension Liabilities—The Company’s results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted by its
U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans. 

Adverse equity market conditions and volatility in the credit markets have had and
may continue to have an unfavorable impact on the value of the Company’s pension trust assets and its future estimated pension liabilities, significantly affecting the net periodic benefit costs of its pension plans and ongoing funding
requirements for these plans. As a result, the Company’s financial results and cash flow in any period could be negatively impacted. For information about potential impacts from pension funding and the use of certain assumptions regarding
pension matters, see the discussion in Note 15, Retirement Benefits, to the consolidated financial statements, included in Item 8, below. 

Catastrophic Events—Catastrophic events could disrupt the Company’s operations or the operations of its suppliers or customers, having a negative impact on the Company’s business, financial
results, and cash flow. 

The Company’s operations could be impacted by catastrophic events outside the
Company’s control, including severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, and storms, or acts of war and terrorism. Any such event could cause a serious business disruption that could affect the Company’s ability to
produce and distribute its products 

11 

Table of Contents

and possibly expose it to third-party liability claims. Additionally, such events could impact the Company’s suppliers, in which event energy and raw materials may be unavailable to the
Company, or its customers may be unable to purchase or accept the Company’s products and services. Any such occurrence could have a negative impact on the Company’s operations and financial results. 

Operational Risks—Operational and execution risks may adversely affect the Company’s operations or financial results.

The Company’s operation of its facilities, pipelines, and delivery systems inherently entails hazards that
require continuous oversight and control, such as pipeline leaks and ruptures, fire, explosions, toxic releases, mechanical failures, or vehicle accidents. If operational risks materialize, they could result in loss of life, damage to the
environment, or loss of production, all of which could negatively impact the Company’s ongoing operations, reputation, financial results, and cash flow. In addition, the Company’s operating results are dependent on the continued operation
of its production facilities and its ability to meet customer requirements. The Company’s operating facilities for the production of certain product lines, primarily in certain electronic materials products, are highly concentrated.
Insufficient capacity may expose the Company to liabilities related to contract commitments. Operating results are also dependent on the Company’s ability to complete new construction projects on time, on budget, and in accordance with
performance requirements. Failure to do so may expose the Company to loss of revenue, potential litigation, and loss of business reputation. 

Information Security—The security of the Company’s Information Technology systems could be compromised, which could adversely affect its ability to operate. 

We depend on information technology to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with customers, as well as maintain financial
accuracy and efficiency. Our information technology capabilities are delivered through a combination of internal and outsourced service providers. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper
technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to our intellectual property through security breach. As with all large systems,
our information systems could be penetrated by outside parties intent on extracting information, corrupting information, or disrupting business processes. The Company’s systems have in the past been and likely will in the future be subject to
hacking attempts. To date the Company is not aware of any impact on its operations or financial results from such attempts; however, unauthorized access could disrupt our business operations and could result in the loss of assets and have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

The Company’s business involves the
use, storage, and transmission of information about its employees, vendors, and customers. The protection of such information, as well as the Company’s information, is critical to the Company. The regulatory environment surrounding information
security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. The Company has established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of this information. The Company
also, from time to time, exports sensitive customer data and technical information to recipients outside the U.S. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary
information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception, could expose us, our customers, or the
individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, could result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our reputation, or otherwise harm our business. 

Litigation and Regulatory Proceedings—The Company’s financial results may be affected by various legal and regulatory
proceedings, including those involving antitrust, tax, environmental, or other matters. 

The Company is subject to
litigation and regulatory proceedings in the normal course of business and could become subject to additional claims in the future, some of which could be material. The outcome of existing legal proceedings may differ from the Company’s
expectations because the outcomes of litigation, including regulatory matters, are often difficult to predict reliably. Various factors or developments can lead the Company to change current estimates of liabilities and related insurance
receivables, where applicable, or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible to reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments, or changes in
applicable law. A future adverse ruling, settlement, or unfavorable development could result in charges that could have a materially adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations in any particular period. For a more detailed discussion
of the legal proceedings involving the Company, see Item 3, below. 

12 

Table of Contents

Recruiting and Retaining Employees—Inability to attract, retain, or develop
skilled employees could adversely impact the Company’s business. 

Sustaining and growing the Company’s
business depends on the recruitment, development, and retention of qualified employees. Demographic trends and changes in the geographic concentration of global businesses have created more competition for talent. The inability to attract, develop,
or retain quality employees could negatively impact the Company’s ability to take on new projects and sustain its operations, which might adversely affect the Company’s operations or its ability to grow.