You should read the following risk factors carefully in conjunction
with evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the following risks could have a materially adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and the
actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and
uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, performance, or financial condition in the future. 

Overall Economic Conditions—Sluggish general economic conditions in certain markets in which the Company does business may
decrease the demand for its goods and services and adversely impact its revenues, operating results, and cash flow. 

Demand for the Company’s products and services depends in part on the general economic conditions affecting the countries and
industries in which the Company does business. Recently, sluggish economic conditions in the U.S. and Europe and in certain industries served by the Company have impacted and may in the future impact demand for the Company’s products and
services, in turn negatively impacting the Company’s revenues and earnings. While markets have stabilized relative to the extreme economic contraction in 2008—2009, industry utilization rates and therefore pricing pressure continue to be
risks. Excess capacity in the Company’s or its competitors’ manufacturing facilities could decrease the Company’s ability to maintain pricing and generate profits. Unanticipated contract terminations or project delays by current
customers can also negatively impact financial results. 

Asset Impairments—The Company may be required to record
impairment on its long-lived assets. 

Weak demand may cause underutilization of the Company’s manufacturing
capacity or elimination of product lines; contract terminations or customer shutdowns may force sale or abandonment of facilities and equipment; contractual provisions may allow customer buyout of facilities or equipment; or other events associated
with weak economic conditions or specific end market, product, or customer events may require the Company to record an impairment on tangible assets, such as facilities and equipment, as well as intangible assets, such as intellectual property or
goodwill, which would have a negative impact on its financial results. 

Competition—Inability to compete
effectively in a segment could adversely impact sales and financial performance. 

The Company faces strong
competition from several large global competitors and many smaller regional ones in all of its business segments. Introduction by competitors of new technologies, competing products, or additional capacity could weaken demand for or impact pricing
of the Company’s products, negatively impacting financial results. In addition, competitors’ pricing policies could materially affect the Company’s profitability or its market share. 

Raw Material and Energy Cost and Availability—Interruption in ordinary sources of supply or an inability to recover
increases in energy and raw material costs from customers could result in lost sales or reduced profitability. 

Energy, including electricity, natural gas, and diesel fuel for delivery trucks, is the largest cost component of the Company’s
business. Because the Company’s industrial gas facilities use substantial amounts of electricity, energy price fluctuations could materially impact the Company’s revenues and earnings. Hydrocarbons, including natural gas, are the primary
feedstock for the production of hydrogen, carbon monoxide, and synthesis gas. The Electronics and Performance Materials segment uses a wide variety of raw materials, including alcohols, ethyleneamines,

9 

Table of Contents

cyclohexylamine, acrylonitriles, and glycols. Shortages or price escalation in these materials could negatively impact financial results. A disruption in the supply of energy and raw materials,
whether due to market conditions, legislative or regulatory actions, natural events, or other disruption, could prevent the Company from meeting its contractual commitments, harming its business and financial results. 

The Company typically contracts to pass through cost increases in energy and raw materials to its customers, but cost variability
can still have a negative impact on its results. The Company may not be able to raise prices as quickly as costs rise, or competitive pressures may prevent full recovery. Increases in energy or raw material costs that cannot be passed on to
customers for competitive or other reasons would negatively impact the Company’s revenues and earnings. Even where costs are passed through, price increases can cause lower sales volume. 

Regulatory Compliance—The Company is subject to extensive government regulation in jurisdictions around the globe in which
it does business. Changes in regulations addressing, among other things, environmental compliance, import/export restrictions, and taxes, can negatively impact the Company’s operations and financial results. 

The Company is subject to government regulation in the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which it conducts its business.
The application of laws and regulations to the Company’s business is sometimes unclear. Compliance with laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in business practice that could result in reduced profitability.
Determination of noncompliance can result in penalties or sanctions that could also impact financial results. Compliance with changes in laws or regulations can require additional capital expenditures or increase operating costs. Export controls or
other regulatory restrictions could prevent the Company from shipping its products to and from some markets or increase the cost of doing so. This area continues to attract external focus by multiple customs and export enforcement authorities.
Changes in tax laws and regulations and international tax treaties could affect the financial results of the Company’s businesses. 

Greenhouse Gases—Legislative and regulatory responses to global climate change create financial risk. 

Some of the Company’s operations are within jurisdictions that have, or are developing, regulatory regimes governing emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG). These include existing and expanding coverage under the
European Union Emissions Trading Scheme; mandatory reporting and reductions at manufacturing facilities in Alberta, Canada; and mandatory reporting and anticipated constraints on GHG emissions in California and Ontario. In addition, the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency has taken preliminary actions towards regulating greenhouse gas emissions. Increased public awareness and concern may result in more international, U.S. federal, and/or regional requirements to reduce or mitigate the
effects of GHG. Although uncertain, these developments could increase the Company’s costs related to consumption of electric power, hydrogen production, and fluorinated gases production. The Company believes it will be able to mitigate some of
the potential increased cost through its contractual terms, but the lack of definitive legislation or regulatory requirements prevents accurate estimate of the long-term impact on the Company. Any legislation that limits or taxes GHG emissions could
impact the Company’s growth, increase its operating costs, or reduce demand for certain of its products. 

Environmental Compliance—Costs and expenses resulting from compliance with environmental regulations may negatively impact
the Company’s operations and financial results. 

The Company is subject to extensive federal, state, local, and
foreign environmental and safety laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions in the air, discharges to land and water, and the generation, handling, treatment, and disposal of hazardous waste and other materials. The Company takes
its environmental responsibilities very seriously, but there is a risk of environmental impact inherent in its manufacturing operations and transportation of chemicals. Future developments and more stringent environmental regulations may require the
Company to make additional unforeseen environmental expenditures. In addition, laws and regulations may require significant expenditures for environmental protection equipment, compliance, and remediation. These additional costs may adversely affect
financial results. For a more detailed description of these matters, see “Narrative Description of the Company’s Business Generally—Environmental Controls,” above. 

Foreign Operations, Political, and Legal Risks—The Company’s foreign operations can be adversely impacted by
nationalization or expropriation of property, undeveloped property rights, and legal systems or political instability. 

The Company’s operations in certain foreign jurisdictions are subject to nationalization and expropriation risk, and some of
its contractual relationships within these jurisdictions are subject to cancellation without full compensation for loss. Economic and political conditions within foreign jurisdictions, social unrest, or strained relations between

10 

Table of Contents

countries can cause fluctuations in demand, price volatility, supply disruptions, or loss of property. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material, adverse impact on the
Company’s operations and financial results. 

Interest Rate Increases—The Company’s earnings, cash flow,
and financial position can be impacted by interest rate increases. 

At 30 September 2010, the Company had
total consolidated debt of $4,128.3 million, of which $468.5 million will mature in the next twelve months. The Company expects to continue to incur indebtedness to fund new projects and replace maturing debt. Although the Company actively
manages its interest rate risk through the use of derivatives and diversified debt obligations, not all borrowings at variable rates are hedged, and new debt will be priced at market rates. If interest rates increase, the Company’s interest
expense could increase significantly, affecting earnings and reducing cash flow available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other purposes. In addition, changes by any rating agency to the Company’s outlook or credit
ratings could increase the Company’s cost of borrowing. 

Currency Fluctuations—Changes in foreign currencies
may adversely affect the Company’s financial results. 

A substantial amount of the Company’s sales are
derived from outside the United States and denominated in foreign currencies. The Company also has significant production facilities which are located outside of the United States. Financial results therefore will be affected by changes in foreign
currency rates. The Company uses certain financial instruments to mitigate these effects, but it is not cost-effective to hedge foreign currency exposure in a manner that would entirely eliminate the effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on
earnings, cash flows, and fair values of assets and liabilities. Accordingly, reported sales, net earnings, cash flows, and fair values have been and in the future will be affected by changes in foreign exchange rates. For a more detailed discussion
of currency exposure, see Item 7A, below. 

Pension Liabilities—The Company’s results of operations and
financial condition could be negatively impacted by its U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans. 

Adverse equity market
conditions and volatility in the credit markets have had and may continue to have an unfavorable impact on the value of the Company’s pension trust assets and its future estimated pension liabilities, significantly affecting the net periodic
benefit costs of its pension plans and ongoing funding requirements for these plans. As a result, the Company’s financial results and cash flow in any period could be negatively impacted. For information about potential impacts from pension
funding and the use of certain assumptions regarding pension matters, see the discussion in Note 16, Retirement Benefits, to the consolidated financial statements, included in Item 8, below. 

Catastrophic Events—Catastrophic events could disrupt the Company’s operations or the operations of its suppliers or
customers, having a negative impact on the Company’s business, financial results, and cash flow. 

The
Company’s operations could be impacted by catastrophic events outside the Company’s control, including severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, and storms, or acts of war and terrorism. Any such event could cause
a serious business disruption that could affect the Company’s ability to produce and distribute its products and possibly expose it to third-party liability claims. Additionally, such events could impact the Company’s suppliers, in which
event energy and raw materials may be unavailable to the Company, or its customers may be unable to purchase or accept the Company’s products and services. Any such occurrence could have a negative impact on the Company’s operations and
financial results. 

Operational Risks—Operational and execution risks may adversely affect the Company’s
operations or financial results. 

The Company’s operation of its facilities, pipelines, and delivery systems
inherently entails hazards that require continuous oversight and control, such as pipeline leaks and ruptures, fire, explosions, toxic releases, mechanical failures, or vehicle accidents. If operational risks materialize, they could result in loss
of life, damage to the environment, or loss of production, all of which could negatively impact the Company’s ongoing operations, financial results, and cash flow. In addition, the Company’s operating results are dependent on the continued
operation of its production facilities and its ability to meet customer requirements. The Company’s operating facilities for the production of certain product lines, primarily in certain electronic materials products, are highly concentrated.
Insufficient capacity may expose the Company to liabilities related to contract commitments. Operating results are also dependent on the Company’s ability to complete new construction projects on time, on budget, and in accordance with
performance requirements. Failure to do so may expose the Company to loss of revenue, potential litigation, and loss of business reputation. 

11 

Table of Contents

Information Security—The security of the Company’s Information Technology
systems could be compromised, which could adversely affect its ability to operate. 

The Company utilizes a global
enterprise resource planning (ERP) system and other technologies for the distribution of information both within the Company and to customers and suppliers. The ERP system and other technologies are potentially vulnerable to interruption from
viruses, hackers, or system breakdown. To mitigate these risks, the Company has implemented a variety of security measures, including virus protection, redundancy procedures, and recovery processes. A significant system interruption, however, could
materially affect the Company’s operations, business reputation, and financial results. 

Litigation and
Regulatory Proceedings—The Company’s financial results may be affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings, including those involving antitrust, environmental, or other matters. 

The Company is subject to litigation and regulatory proceedings in the normal course of business and could become subject to
additional claims in the future, some of which could be material. The outcome of existing legal proceedings may differ from the Company’s expectations because the outcomes of litigation, including regulatory matters, are often difficult to
predict reliably. Various factors or developments can lead the Company to change current estimates of liabilities and related insurance receivables, where applicable, or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible to reasonable
estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments, or changes in applicable law. A future adverse ruling, settlement, or unfavorable development could result in charges that
could have a materially adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations in any particular period. For a more detailed discussion of the legal proceedings involving the Company, see Item 3, below. 

Recruiting and Retaining Employees—Inability to attract, retain, or develop skilled employees could adversely impact the
Company’s business. 

Sustaining and growing the Company’s business depends on the recruitment, development,
and retention of qualified employees. Demographic trends and changes in the geographic concentration of global businesses have created more competition for talent. The inability to attract, develop, or retain quality employees could negatively
impact the Company’s ability to take on new projects and sustain its operations, which might adversely affect the Company’s operations or its ability to grow. 

Portfolio Management—The success of portfolio management activities is not predictable. 

The Company continuously reviews and manages its portfolio of assets in order to maximize value for its shareholders. Portfolio
management involves many variables, including future acquisitions and divestitures, restructurings and resegmentations, and cost-cutting and productivity initiatives. The timing, impact, and ability to complete such undertakings; the costs and
financial charges associated with such activities; and the ultimate financial impact of such undertakings are uncertain and can have a negative short- or long-term impact on the Company’s operations and financial results. 

 RELATED TO THE TENDER OFFER FOR AIRGAS 

If the Company is successful in acquiring Airgas, it will incur substantial transaction and merger-related costs. 

If the Company is successful in its tender offer for Airgas (see Note 3, Airgas Transaction, to the consolidated financial
statements for more information on this transaction), or otherwise succeeds in acquiring Airgas, it will incur substantial nonrecurring transaction and merger-related costs associated with the acquisition of Airgas, combining the operations of the
two companies, and achieving desired synergies. Although the Company expects that the elimination of duplicative costs and the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the two businesses will offset the incremental transaction
and merger-related costs, this net benefit may not be achieved when expected, or at all. 

The Company will carry
significantly more long-term debt obligations if the acquisition is completed. 

At the current tender offer of $65.50
per share, the total value of the Airgas transaction would be approximately $7.4 billion, including $5.7 billion of equity and $1.7 billion of assumed debt. In connection with the tender offer, the Company has secured a $6.7 billion term
loan credit facility (the “bridge loan”), and the Company expects to retain approximately $1 billion of existing Airgas debt. If the tender offer is successful, the Company intends to finance the acquisition primarily by issuing public
debt securities. If the Company is unable to successfully market this debt issuance, the bridge loan will be drawn. The bridge loan carries a higher cost than is anticipated for the public debt.

12 

Table of Contents

The issuance and assumption of this new debt will require a greater proportion of the Company’s cash flow from operations to service this debt than the Company has historically had to
allocate to debt. 

Changes in our credit ratings may have a negative impact on our financing costs in future periods.

The Company anticipates that the debt issuance to finance the acquisition of Airgas will result in a temporary
downgrade of its credit ratings. The Company’s credit rating is a significant factor in determining pricing and availability of its debt. Changes in our credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs. In addition, our current short-term
credit rating allows us to participate in a commercial paper market that has a large number of potential investors and a high degree of liquidity. A downgrade in our credit ratings, particularly our short-term credit rating, could likely reduce the
amount of commercial paper we could issue, increase our commercial paper borrowing costs, or both. The Company expects that its credit rating would be restored to current levels within a few years following the potential acquisition; however,
inability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the transaction or obtain projected prices for assets required to be divested, or other unexpected developments may delay this restoration. 

If the acquisition is completed, we will be subject to integration and other risks. 

If the Company is successful in acquiring Airgas, the success of the merger will depend, in part, on its ability to realize the
anticipated benefits from combining the businesses. To realize these anticipated benefits, the Company must successfully integrate the operations and personnel of Airgas into our business. It is possible that the integration process could take
longer than anticipated and could result in the loss of valuable employees or the disruption of each company’s ongoing businesses. Failure to achieve the anticipated benefits could result in increased costs or decreases in the amount of
expected revenues and could adversely affect our future business, financial condition, and operating results. Additionally, if the acquisition is successful, the Company will be required to divest certain assets to comply with the Consent Decree
approved by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission on 8 October 2010. Failure to find suitable buyers or obtain a reasonable price for the assets could adversely affect the financial condition of the Company.