, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

We have controlling interests in foreign subsidiaries that operate in Canada and approximately 10 countries in Latin America (primarily Chile and Brazil); approximately 10 countries and regions in Asia (primarily China, South Korea, and Taiwan); approximately 25 countries in the Europe and Africa region (primarily the Netherlands, the countries of the United Kingdom, and Spain); and approximately five countries in the Middle East, primarily Saudi Arabia. As discussed under "Equity Affiliates" above, we also own non-controlling interests in entities operating in Africa, Asia, Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East.

Financial information about our foreign operations and investments is included in Note 10, 
Equity Affiliates
; Note 24, 
Income Taxes
; and Note 26, 
Business Segment and Geographic Information
, to the consolidated financial statements. Information about foreign currency translation is included under “Foreign Currency” in Note 1, 
Basis of Presentation and Major Accounting Policies
, to the consolidated financial statements. Information about our exposure to currency fluctuations is included in Note 15, 
Financial Instruments
, to the consolidated financial statements, and in “Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk” included under Item 7A, 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Technology Development

We pursue a market-oriented approach to technology development through research and development, engineering, and commercial development processes. We conduct research and development principally in our laboratories located in the United States (Allentown, Pennsylvania), the United Kingdom (Basingstoke and Carrington), Spain (Barcelona), China (Shanghai), and Saudi Arabia (Dhahran). We also fund and cooperate in research and development programs conducted by a number of major universities and undertake research work funded by others, including the United States government.

Development of technology for use within the Industrial Gases business focuses primarily on new and improved processes and equipment for the production and delivery of industrial gases and new or improved applications for industrial gas products.

During fiscal year 2024, we owned approximately 600 United States patents, approximately 3,200 foreign patents, and were a licensee under certain patents owned by others. While the patents and licenses are considered important, we do not consider our business as a whole to be materially dependent upon any particular patent, patent license, or group of patents or licenses.

8

Table of 
Contents

Environmental Regulation

We are subject to various environmental laws, regulations, and public policies in the countries in which we have operations. Compliance with these measures often results in higher capital expenditures and costs. In the normal course of business, we are involved in legal proceedings under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ("CERCLA," the federal Superfund law); Resource Conservation and Recovery Act ("RCRA"); and similar state and foreign environmental laws relating to the designation of certain sites for investigation or remediation. Our accounting policy for environmental expenditures is discussed in Note 1, 
Basis of Presentation and Major Accounting Policies
, and environmental loss contingencies are discussed in Note 19, 
Commitments and Contingencies
, to the consolidated financial statements.

Some of our operations are within jurisdictions that have or are developing regulatory regimes governing emissions of greenhouse gases (“GHG”), including CO
2
. These include existing coverage under the European Union Emission Trading System, the California Cap-and-Trade Program, China’s Emission Trading Scheme and its nation-wide expansion, and South Korea’s Emission Trading Scheme. In the Netherlands, a CO
2
 emissions tax was enacted on 1 January 2021. In Canada, Alberta’s Technology Innovation and Emission Reduction System went into effect 1 January 2020. In Ontario, Environment & Climate Change Canada’s Output Based Pricing System was replaced by the GHG Emissions Performance Standards program beginning 1 January 2022. In Singapore, the Carbon Pricing Tax Act was implemented effective 1 January 2019. In Taiwan, enforcement of the Climate Change Response Act began in 2023 and a carbon fee was implemented effective 29 August 2024. In addition, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency requires mandatory reporting of GHG emissions and is regulating GHG emissions for new construction and major modifications to existing facilities. The European Union has issued the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive as well as the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive, and California has enacted the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act and the Climate Related Financial Risk Act that will require reporting and third-party assurance of GHG emissions information for certain entities. In March 2024, the SEC issued final rules for "The Enhancement and Standardization of Climate-Related Disclosures for Investors,” which would have required certain climate-related disclosures in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. In April 2024, the SEC stayed the effectiveness of the final rules pending the outcome of certain legal challenges. Furthermore, some jurisdictions have various mechanisms to target the power sector to achieve emission reductions, which often result in higher power costs.

Increased public concern may result in more international, U.S. federal, and/or regional requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of GHG emissions. Although uncertain, these developments could increase our costs related to consumption of electric power, hydrogen production and application of our gasification technology. We will be able to mitigate costs related to the consumption of electric power through the use of renewable electricity and some of the other increased costs through contractual terms. However, the lack of definitive legislation or regulatory requirements prevents an accurate estimate of the long-term impact these measures will have on our operations. Any legislation that limits or taxes GHG emissions could negatively impact our growth, increase our operating costs, or reduce demand for certain of our products.

Regulation of GHG may also produce new opportunities for us. We continue to develop technologies to help our facilities and our customers lower energy consumption, improve efficiency, and lower emissions. We see significant opportunities for hydrogen for mobility, low carbon intensity hydrogen production supporting the global energy transition, utilization of carbon capture technologies, including subsequent CO
2
 product use or sequestration, and gasification. 

Expenditures for capital projects intended to control pollution from existing operating facilities as required under current environmental regulations were not material in fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022. We do not expect material expenditures for these projects in fiscal year 2025. 

For additional information regarding environmental matters, refer to Note 19, 
Commitments and Contingencies
, to the consolidated financial statements.

Sustainability

Sustainability is at the core of our higher purpose to bring people together to collaborate and innovate solutions to the world’s most significant energy and environmental sustainability challenges. Our low- and zero-carbon hydrogen and other first mover projects demonstrate our commitment to making investments that will make a meaningful difference on climate issues, allowing us to support our customers’ sustainability journeys, conserve resources, and care for our employees and communities.

Our Sustainability Report details our strategy and the role our employees play in achieving our goals. Our latest Sustainability Report is available at www.airproducts.com/company/sustainability/sustainability-report.

9

Table of 
Contents

Human Capital Management

As of 30 September 2024, we had approximately 23,000 employees, of which over 95% were working full-time and approximately 75% were located outside the United States. We have collective bargaining agreements with unions and works councils at certain locations that expire on various dates over the next four years. Under 20% of our total workforce is covered by such agreements. Overall, we have a corporate strategy supported by our leaders and enabled by a positive organizational culture.

We believe our employees are our most valuable asset and are critical to our organization's success. Our goal is to be the safest, most diverse, and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers. Integral to our success is the continued development of our 4S culture (Safety, Speed, Simplicity and Self-Confidence) and the creation of a work environment where our employees feel that they belong and matter. Our talent-related initiatives, including employee recruitment and development, diversity and inclusion, and compensation and benefits programs, focus on building and retaining the world-class talent to execute our two-pillar growth strategy and fulfill Air Products' higher purpose.

Safety

Safety is a core value and fundamental to our goal of being the safest, most diverse, and most profitable industrial gas company in the world. We believe safety is a moral obligation, and we want our employees to return home to their families safe and healthy daily. Our overarching safety goal is zero accidents and incidents. We strive to continually improve the safety and health of our colleagues, contractors, customers, and host communities. Air Products uses a multidisciplinary approach to safety and health, which includes a global Environment, Health and Safety ("EHS) policy; goals for employee, contractor, and transportation safety; a Global EHS Management System that supports the principles of ISO 45001; employee training based on job function; risk assessment processes for workers, operations, products, transportation, and regulatory requirements, including an escalation process for engaging our EHS Risk Council; compliance audits conducted by our EHS Assurance Team; review of performance by our Board of Directors, Sustainability Leadership Council, businesses and operations, and members of our Safety and Health Centers of Excellence at least annually; internal reporting of results on a monthly basis; and external reporting on safety performance through our annual Sustainability Report, public website, and responses to various stakeholders.

Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging

Our 2024 Sustainability Report sets forth our announced goals to further increase the percentage of women and U.S. minorities in professional and managerial roles and the recruitment and talent development strategies we have in place to ensure we meet these ambitions. By 2025, Air Products aims to achieve at least 28 percent female representation in the professional and managerial population globally, and at least 30 percent minority representation in that same population in the United States. We established these goals following analysis of our global employee representation metrics and future talent needs, as well as assessing industry benchmarks and peer companies. For more information on these initiatives and to access our most recently published Equal Employment Opportunity EEO-1 Report, please refer to our Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging website at www.airproducts.com/company/diversity.

Compensation

As detailed in our 2024 Sustainability Report, in order to create an engaged workforce, individuals must be compensated fairly and equitably. A work environment where employees know they belong and matter includes fair and equitable pay. Our pay practices apply equally to all employees irrespective of gender, race, religion, disability, age, or any other form of personal difference. We pay competitively in local markets where we do business and compete for talent. We benchmark our compensation to ensure we keep pace with the market to provide competitive pay and benefits. Our compensation programs are generally comprised of base pay, annual variable pay (bonus), and long-term incentives (stock awards under the Air Products Long-Term Incentive Plan) for eligible employees.

10

Table of 
Contents

Our Executive Officers

In addition to our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, the executive officers' information below includes members of senior leadership who were named to the Management Board as announced on 22 July 2024. These Management Board members were designated as executive officers effective 1 October 2024.

The table below identifies each executive officer by name, age, and offices held as of 21 November 2024. Information with respect to offices held is stated in fiscal years. 

Name

Age

Office

Seifi Ghasemi

80

Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer (became Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer in 2014 and previously served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Rockwood Holdings, Inc. from 2001 to 2014). Mr. Ghasemi is a member and Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors.

Melissa N. Schaeffer

45

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (became Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in August 2021 and Executive Vice President in October 2024). Ms. Schaeffer joined the Company in 2016 and most recently served as Vice President, Finance – GEMTE, Americas, Middle East, and India from 2020 to 2021 and previously served as Vice President, Chief Audit Executive from 2016 to 2020.

Sean D. Major

60

Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since 2017. Previously, Mr. Major served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for Joy Global Inc. from 2007 to 2017.

Ivo Bols

63

President, Europe and Africa since 2017. Mr. Bols previously served as Vice President and General Manager, Merchant Gases-Asia from 2007 to 2011, Vice President and General Manager, Global Liquid Bulk, Generated Gases and Helium from 2011 to 2012, Vice President and General Manager, Merchant Gases–Europe, from 2012 to 2014, and President, EMEA from 2014 to 2016. Mr. Bols joined the Company in 1988.

Wolfgang Brand

47

President, Project Delivery and Technical since July 2024. Mr. Brand joined the Company in May 2020 and initially served as Vice President, NEOM Green Hydrogen until March 2024 and then as General Manager, Project Delivery EMEA until July 2024. Mr. Brand previously served as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of EMT Ingenieurgesellschaft H. Euer mbH, a medium-sized enterprise producing and maintaining aerial reconnaissance systems, from 2018 until 2020. Mr. Brand previously worked at Linde AG in a series of positions of increasing responsibility, including as Vice President of Petrochemicals Business Development and Sales.

Victoria Brifo

56

Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer (became Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer in June 2018 and Executive Vice President in October 2024). Ms. Brifo joined the Company in 2001 as site leader in Geismar, Louisiana, and progressed through a series of plant and other leadership positions, including prior service as Global Diversity Director, Global Manager of Electronics Operations, Industrial Gases Transformation Leader, and Vice President, Equipment Sales, Plant Support and Central Procurement. Ms. Brifo has also served on the board of directors of Trinseo plc, a publicly listed provider of specialty material solutions, since June 2021.

Brian Galovich

51

Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer (became Chief Information Officer in December 2020 and Executive Vice President in October 2024). Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Galovich spent 24 years at United Technologies Corporation in multiple leadership roles within digital technology, including as Vice President, Digital Technology, and Chief Information Officer of Collins Aerospace from 2018 to 2020, as Chief Information Officer of Global Business Systems for United Technologies from 2017 to 2018, and Chief Information Officer of Pratt & Whitney from 2016 to 2017.

Ahmed Hababou

56

President, Middle East and India since February 2023. Mr. Hababou previously served as Vice President, Green Hydrogen from September 2020 until January 2023, Vice President, Southern Europe and Maghreb from 2016 to 2020, head of European Specialty Gases & Helium Operations from 2013-2016, head of operations and supply chain in Southern Europe from 2008-2013 and general manager of the Middle East from 2005-2008. Mr. Hababou joined the Company in 2002.

11

Table of 
Contents

Name

Age

Office

Kurt Lefevere

54

President, Asia since June 2024. Mr. Lefevere previously served as Vice President, Northern Europe from 2015 until June 2024, Manager, Strategy Development and Performance Enhancement for the Company’s Global Merchant division from 2013 until 2014, and General Manager for the Packaged Gases division in Asia from 2011 until 2013. Mr. Lefevere joined the Company in 1994. 

Francesco Maione

55

President, Americas since December 2020. Mr. Maione previously served as President, Atmospheric Gases, Americas during 2020, as Vice President and General Manager, South America from 2019 until early 2020, as Vice President, Northern Region Americas, from 2018 to 2019 and Vice President, Southern Region, Americas, from 2016 to 2018. Mr. Maione joined the Company in 1998.

Wilbur Mok

63

President, Equipment Businesses since July 2024. Mr. Mok previously served as President, Asia from October 2014 to June 2024, as Vice President, Energy and Materials, and General Services from April 2014 to September 2014, and as Vice President, North America Tonnage Gases from October 2009 to March 2014. Mr. Mok joined the Company in 1986.

Walter L. Nelson

61

Senior Vice President, Global Helium and Rare Gases (became General Manager, Global Helium and Rare Gases in April 2014, Vice President, Global Helium and Rare Gases in April 2020 and Senior Vice President in August 2024). Mr. Nelson previously served in the Company’s helium business in a variety of operations and commercial positions since he joined the Company in 1990. 



Our operations are affected by various risks, many of which are beyond our control. In evaluating investment in the Company and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or presented elsewhere from time to time, you should carefully consider the risk factors discussed below. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made and could adversely affect the value of an investment in our securities. The risks described below are not all inclusive but are designed to highlight what we believe are important factors to consider when evaluating our expectations. In addition to such risks, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that adversely affect our business, performance, or financial condition in the future that are not presently known, are not currently believed to be significant, or are not identified below because they are common to all businesses.

Risks Related to Economic Conditions

Changes in global and regional economic conditions, the markets we serve, or the financial markets may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.

Unfavorable conditions in the global economy or regional economies, the markets we serve, or financial markets may decrease the demand for our goods and services and adversely impact our revenues, operating results, and cash flows.

Demand for our products and services depends in part on the general economic conditions affecting the regions and markets in which we do business. Weak economic conditions and changing supply and demand balances in the markets we serve have negatively impacted demand for our products and services in the past and may do so in the future. In addition, our growth strategy is largely based on expected demand for technologies and projects to limit the impact of global climate change. Demand for our solutions could be negatively impacted if the public and private sectors reduce their focus on reducing carbon emissions. Reduced demand for our products and services would have a negative impact on our revenues and earnings and could decrease our margins, constrain our operating flexibility, reduce efficient utilization of our manufacturing capacity, or result in unexpected charges. Excess capacity in our manufacturing facilities or those of our competitors could decrease our ability to maintain pricing and generate profits.

In addition, our operating results in one or more segments have in the past, and may in the future, be affected by uncertain or deteriorating economic conditions for particular customer markets within a segment. A decline in the industries served by our customers or adverse events or circumstances affecting individual customers can reduce demand for our products and services and impair the ability of such customers to satisfy their obligations to us, resulting in uncollected receivables, unanticipated contract terminations, project delays or the inability to recover plant investments, any of which may negatively impact our financial results.

12

Table of 
Contents

Weak overall demand or specific customer conditions may also cause customer shutdowns or defaults or otherwise make us unable to operate facilities profitably and may force sale or abandonment of facilities and equipment or prevent projects from coming on-stream when expected. These or other events associated with weak economic conditions or specific market, industry, product, or customer events may require us to record an impairment on tangible assets, such as facilities and equipment, or intangible assets, such as intellectual property or goodwill. Any charges relating to such impairments could be significant and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

Our extensive international operations can be adversely impacted by operational, economic, political, security, legal, and currency translation risks that could decrease profitability.

In fiscal year 2024, approximately 60% of our sales were derived from customers outside the United States and many of our operations, suppliers, customers, and employees are located outside the United States. Our operations in foreign jurisdictions may be subject to risks including exchange control regulations, import and trade restrictions, trade policy and other potentially detrimental domestic and foreign governmental practices or policies affecting U.S. companies doing business abroad. Changing economic and political conditions within foreign jurisdictions, strained relations between countries, or the imposition, extension, or expansion of tariffs or international sanctions can cause fluctuations in demand, price volatility, supply disruptions, or loss of property. We have experienced these events in the past and the occurrence of any of these risks in the future could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

Our growth strategies depend in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the United States, such as China, India, the Middle East, and Uzbekistan, and involve significantly larger and more complex projects, including gasification and large-scale hydrogen projects, some in regions where there is the potential for significant economic and political disruptions. We are actively investing large amounts of capital and other resources, in some cases through joint ventures, in developing markets, which we believe to have high growth potential. Our operations in these markets may be subject to greater risks than those faced by our operations in mature economies, including political and economic instability, project delay or abandonment due to unanticipated government actions, inadequate investment in infrastructure, undeveloped property rights and legal systems, unfamiliar regulatory environments, relationships with local partners, language and cultural differences and increased difficulty recruiting, training and retaining qualified employees. In addition, our properties and contracts in these locations may be subject to seizure and cancellation, respectively, without full compensation for loss. Successful operation of particular facilities or execution of projects may be disrupted by civil unrest, acts of war, sabotage or terrorism, and other local security concerns. Such concerns may require us to incur greater costs for security or require us to shut down operations for a period of time.

Furthermore, because the majority of our revenue is generated from sales outside the United States, we are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Our business is primarily exposed to translational currency risk as the results of our foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars at current exchange rates throughout the fiscal period. Our policy is to minimize cash flow volatility from changes in currency exchange rates. We choose not to hedge the translation of our foreign subsidiaries’ earnings into dollars. Accordingly, reported sales, net earnings, cash flows, and fair values have been, and in the future will be, affected by changes in foreign exchange rates. For a more detailed discussion of currency exposure, see Item 7A, 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
, below.

Risks Related to Our Business

Risks related to the approval, execution, and operation of our projects, particularly with respect to our largest projects, may adversely affect our operations or financial results.

A significant and growing portion of our business involves clean hydrogen, carbon capture, gasification, and other large-scale projects that involve challenging engineering, permitting, procurement, and construction phases that may last several years and involve the investment of billions of dollars. These projects are technically complex, often reliant on significant interaction with government authorities, and face significant financing, development, operational, and reputational risks. These projects may also be subject to complex government approvals, as well as legal or regulatory challenges by government authorities or third parties. Delays in receiving required approvals or related to litigation have required us and could in the future require us to delay or abandon certain projects, which may result in higher costs, lower returns, the loss of invested proceeds, and reputational damage.

13

Table of 
Contents

We have in the past and may in the future encounter difficulties related to the development of projects that may result in delays, scope changes and additional costs. Such difficulties may relate to engineering, delays in designs or materials provided by the customer or a third party, equipment and materials delivery delays, schedule changes, customer scope changes, delays related to obtaining regulatory permits and rights-of-way, inability to find adequate sources of labor in the locations where we are building new plants, weather-related delays, delays by customers' contractors in completing their portion of a project, technical or transportation difficulties, cost overruns, supply difficulties, geopolitical risks, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, that may impact our ability to complete a project within the original delivery schedule. In some cases, delays and additional costs have been and may in the future be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We also may be required to cancel a project and/or compensate the customer for the delay, which may also cause us to incur material costs that we may be unable to recover. In addition, in some cases we seek financing for large projects and face market risk associated with the availability and terms of such financing. These financing arrangements may require that we comply with certain performance requirements which, if not met, could result in default and restructuring costs or other losses. All of these factors could also negatively impact our reputation or relationships with our customers, suppliers and other third parties, any of which could adversely affect our ability to secure new projects in the future.

In addition, our large-scale clean hydrogen projects are being built before finalization of offtake agreements for a substantial percentage of expected production, which may create uncertainty regarding future demand, pricing, and other commercial terms. If we are unable to enter into favorable commercial agreements with prospective customers, our projected returns could be adversely impacted, which may harm our business and financial performance. In addition, uncertainty regarding future offtake agreements for our clean hydrogen projects may lead to greater uncertainty regarding our prospects, which may adversely affect the market prices for our securities and our credit ratings.

The operation of our facilities, pipelines, and delivery systems inherently entails hazards that require continuous oversight and control, such as pipeline leaks and ruptures, fire, explosions, toxic releases, mechanical failures, vehicle accidents, or cyber incidents. If operational risks materialize, they could result in loss of life, damage to the environment, or loss of production, all of which could negatively impact our ongoing operations, reputation, financial results, and cash flows. In addition, our operating results are dependent on the continued operation of our production facilities and our ability to meet customer requirements, which depend, in part, on our ability to properly maintain and replace aging assets.

We are subject to extensive government regulation in the jurisdictions in which we do business. Regulations addressing, among other things, import/export restrictions, anti-bribery and corruption, and taxes, can negatively impact our financial condition, results of operation, and cash flows.

We are subject to government regulation in the United States and in the foreign jurisdictions where we conduct business. The application of laws and regulations to our business is sometimes unclear. Compliance with laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in business practices that could result in reduced profitability. If there is a determination that we have failed to comply with applicable laws or regulations, we may be subject to penalties or sanctions that could adversely impact our reputation and financial results. Compliance with changes in laws or regulations can result in increased operating costs and require additional, unplanned capital expenditures. Export controls or other regulatory restrictions could prevent us from shipping our products to and from some markets or increase the cost of doing so. Changes in tax laws and regulations and international tax treaties could affect the financial results of our businesses. Increasingly aggressive enforcement of anti-bribery and anti-corruption requirements, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act and the China Anti-Unfair Competition Law, could subject us to criminal or civil sanctions if a violation is deemed to have occurred. In addition, we are subject to laws and sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other jurisdictions where we do business that may prohibit us, or certain of our affiliates, from doing business in certain countries, or restricting the kind of business that we may conduct. Such restrictions may provide a competitive advantage to competitors who are not subject to comparable restrictions or prevent us from taking advantage of growth opportunities.

14

Table of 
Contents

Further, we cannot guarantee that our internal controls and compliance systems will always protect us from acts committed by employees, agents, business partners or that businesses that we acquire would not violate U.S. and/or non-U.S. laws, including the laws governing payments to government officials, bribery, fraud, kickbacks and false claims, pricing, sales and marketing practices, conflicts of interest, competition, export and import compliance, money laundering, and data privacy. Any such improper actions or allegations of such acts could damage our reputation and subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions and related shareholder lawsuits, could lead to substantial civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties, and could cause us to incur significant legal and investigatory fees. In addition, the government may seek to hold us liable as a successor for violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire.

We may be unable to successfully identify, execute or effectively integrate acquisitions, manage our joint ventures, or effectively disentangle divested businesses.

Our ability to grow revenue, earnings, and cash flow at anticipated rates depends in part on our ability to identify, successfully acquire and integrate businesses and assets at appropriate prices, and realize expected growth, synergies, and operating efficiencies. We may not be able to complete transactions on favorable terms, on a timely basis or at all. In addition, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely impacted by the failure of acquired businesses or assets to meet expected returns, the failure to integrate acquired businesses, the inability to dispose of non-core assets and businesses on satisfactory terms and conditions, and the discovery of unanticipated liabilities or other problems in acquired businesses or assets for which we lack adequate contractual protections or insurance. In addition, we may incur asset impairment charges related to acquisitions that do not meet expectations.

In addition, some of our largest projects involve joint ventures. These arrangements may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including our ability to cooperate with our strategic partners, our strategic partners having interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours, and the potential that our strategic partners may be unable to meet their economic or other obligations to the joint venture, which may negatively impact the expected benefits of the joint venture and cause us to incur additional expense or suffer reputational damage. In addition, due to the nature of these arrangements, we may have limited ability to direct or influence the management of the joint venture, which may limit our ability to assist and oversee the design and implementation of the joint venture’s business as well as its accounting, legal, governance, human resources, information technology, and other administrative systems. This may expose us to additional risks and uncertainties because we may be dependent upon and subject to liability, losses, or reputational damage relating to systems, controls, and personnel that are not under our control. These risks may be augmented when the joint venture is operating outside the United States due to differences in language, culture, and regulation, as well as the factors listed above that are relevant to our international operations.

We continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest businesses that are deemed not to fit with our strategic plan or are not achieving the desired return on investment. These transactions pose risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business and financial statements. For example, when we decide to sell or otherwise dispose of a business or assets, we may be unable to do so on satisfactory terms within our anticipated time frame or at all. In addition, divestitures or other dispositions may dilute our earnings per share, have other adverse financial and accounting impacts, distract management, and give rise to disputes with buyers or others. In addition, we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to indemnify buyers against known and unknown contingent liabilities. Our financial results could be impacted adversely by claims under these indemnification provisions.

15

Table of 
Contents

The security of our information technology systems could be compromised, which could adversely affect our ability to operate.

We depend on information technology to enable us to operate safely and efficiently and interface with our customers as well as to maintain our internal control environment and financial reporting accuracy and efficiency. Our information technology capabilities are delivered through a combination of internal and external services and service providers. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, property damage, or the loss of or damage to our confidential business information due to a security breach. In addition, our information technology systems may be damaged, disrupted or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. Security breaches of our systems (or the systems of our customers, suppliers or other business partners) could result in the misappropriation, destruction or unauthorized access or disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers or suppliers, and may subject us to legal liability.

As with most large systems, our information technology systems have in the past been, and in the future likely will be subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access and other cyber-attacks, and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. In addition, advancements in, and the deployment of, intelligent automation, including artificial intelligence tooling and “bots”, may increase our and our vendors’ vulnerability to such attacks. To date, we are not aware of any significant impact on our operations or financial results from such attempts; however, unauthorized access could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss of assets, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Any of the attacks, breaches or other disruptions or damage described above could: interrupt our operations at one or more sites; delay production and shipments; result in the theft of our and our customers’ intellectual property and trade secrets; damage customer and business partner relationships and our reputation; result in defective products or services, physical damage to facilities, pipelines or delivery systems, including those we own or operate for third parties, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws, or increased costs for security and remediation; or raise concerns regarding our internal control environment and internal control over financial reporting. Each of these consequences could adversely affect our business, reputation and our financial statements.

Our business involves the use, storage, and transmission of information about our employees, vendors, and customers. The protection of such information, as well as our proprietary information, is critical to us. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. We have established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of this information. We also, from time to time, export sensitive customer data and technical information to recipients outside the United States. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception, could expose us, our customers, or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, which could ultimately result in litigation and potential legal and financial liability. These events could also damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business.

Interruption in ordinary sources of raw material or energy supply or an inability to recover increases in energy and raw material costs from customers could result in lost sales or reduced profitability.

Hydrocarbons, including natural gas, are the primary feedstock for the production of hydrogen, carbon monoxide, and syngas. Energy, including electricity, natural gas, and diesel fuel for delivery trucks, is the largest cost component of our business. Because our industrial gas facilities use substantial amounts of electricity, inflation and energy price fluctuations have impacted our revenues and earnings and may continue to do so in the future. A disruption in the supply of energy, components, or raw materials, whether due to market conditions, legislative or regulatory actions, natural disasters, public health crises and pandemics, or other disruption, could prevent us from meeting our contractual commitments and harm our business and financial results.

16

Table of 
Contents

Our supply of crude helium for purification and resale is largely dependent upon natural gas production by crude helium suppliers. Lower natural gas production resulting from natural gas pricing dynamics, supplier operating or transportation issues, or other interruptions in sales from crude helium suppliers, can reduce our supplies of crude helium available for processing and resale to customers.

We typically contract to pass-through cost increases in energy and raw materials to customers, but such cost pass-through results in declining margins, and cost variability can negatively impact our other operating results. For example, we may be unable to raise prices as quickly as costs rise, or competitive pressures may prevent full recovery of such costs. In addition, increases in energy or raw material costs that cannot be passed on to customers for competitive or other reasons may negatively impact our revenues and earnings. Even where costs are passed through, price increases can cause lower sales volume.

New technologies create performance risks that could impact our financial results or reputation.

We are continually developing and implementing new technologies and product offerings. Existing technologies are being implemented in products and designs or at scales beyond our experience base. These technological expansions can create nontraditional performance risks to our operations. Failure of the technologies to work as predicted, or unintended consequences of new designs or uses, could lead to cost overruns, project delays, financial penalties, or damage to our reputation. We may face difficulties marketing products produced using new technologies including, but not limited to, green hydrogen, which may adversely impact our sales and financial results. In addition, certain large-scale projects may contain processes or technologies that we have not operated at the same scale or in the same combination, and although such projects generally include technologies and processes that have been demonstrated previously by others, such technologies or processes may be new to us and may introduce new risks to our operations. Additionally, there is also a risk that our new technologies may become obsolete and be replaced by other market alternatives. Performance difficulties on these larger projects may have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results. In addition, performance challenges may adversely affect our reputation and our ability to obtain future contracts.

Protecting our intellectual property is critical to our technological development, and we may suffer competitive harm from infringement on such rights.

As we develop new technologies, it is critical that we protect our intellectual property assets against third-party infringement. We own a number of patents and other forms of intellectual property related to our products and services. As we develop new technologies there is a risk that our patent applications may not be granted, or we may not receive sufficient protection of our proprietary interests. We may also expend considerable resources in defending our patents against third-party infringement. It is critical that we protect our proprietary interests to prevent competitive harm. 

Legal and Regulatory Risks

Legislative, regulatory, societal, and market efforts to address global climate change may impact our business and create financial risk.

We are the world’s leading supplier of hydrogen, the primary use of which is the production of ultra-low sulfur transportation fuels that have significantly reduced transportation emissions and helped improve human health. To make the high volumes of hydrogen needed by our customers, we have historically used steam methane reforming to produce hydrogen without carbon capture (i.e., "gray hydrogen"), which results in the emission of CO
2
. In addition, gasification enables the conversion of lower value feedstocks into cleaner energy and value-added products; however, our gasification projects also produce CO
2
. Some of our operations are within jurisdictions that have or are developing regulatory regimes governing disclosure of GHG emissions, including CO
2
, such as the European Union's CSRD, California’s Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act and Climate Related Financial Risk Act, and similar regulations under consideration by the SEC, which may lead to direct and indirect costs on our operations. We could also face scrutiny from stakeholders regarding our reporting under various frameworks for disclosing GHG emissions-related data, including those we use currently in our sustainability reporting. If our GHG emissions-related data, processes, and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to comply with relevant reporting frameworks from newly emerging regulations, we may incur monetary penalties and reputational harm, and we could become subject to litigation or government investigations, which may also adversely affect our reputation and business.

17

Table of 
Contents

Increased public concern and governmental action may result in more international, U.S. federal and/or regional requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of GHG emissions or increased demand for technologies and projects to limit the impact of global climate change. Although uncertain, these developments could increase our costs related to consumption of electric power, hydrogen production, and application of our gasification technology, although these developments may be mitigated by our growth strategy focused on world-scale clean hydrogen projects. We believe we will be able to mitigate some of the increased costs through contractual terms, but the lack of definitive legislation or regulatory requirements prevents an accurate estimate of the long-term impact these measures will have on our operations. Any legislation or governmental action that limits or taxes GHG emissions could negatively impact our growth, increase our operating costs, or reduce demand for certain of our products, particularly for our core industrial gases business.

In addition, our growth strategy is partially dependent on a regulatory environment that favors technologies focused on limiting the impact of climate change, in particular toward the production and distribution of clean hydrogen. For example, we anticipate benefits from tax incentives created by the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 for carbon sequestration and clean hydrogen production in future years once our projects in these areas come on-stream in the U.S. If there is a reversal in the regulatory environment or a discontinuation or reduction of incentives or benefits for the development of technologies limiting the impact of climate change, particularly those focused on low- and zero-carbon hydrogen production, demand for our products may be less than we anticipate and certain projects and our long-term growth strategy could be adversely affected. Any such occurrence could adversely affect our projected returns, which may harm our business and financial performance.

Our operations may present a safety risk to our employees and others.

Notwithstanding our emphasis on the safety of our employees and contractors and the precautions we take related to health and safety, we may be unable to avoid safety incidents relating to our operations that result in injuries or deaths. Certain safety incidents may result in legal or regulatory action that could result in increased expenses or reputational damage. We maintain workers' compensation insurance to address the risk of incurring material liabilities for injuries or deaths, but there can be no assurance that the insurance coverage will be adequate or will continue to be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which could result in material liabilities to us for any injuries or deaths. Changes to federal, state, and local employee health and safety regulations, and legislative, regulatory, or societal responses to safety incidents may result in heightened regulations or public scrutiny that may increase our compliance costs or result in reputational damage.

The manufacturing and sale of our products, as well as the construction and sale of plants and facilities, may give rise to risks associated with the production, filling, storage, handling, and transport of raw materials, goods, or waste. Our products and services, if defective or not handled or performed appropriately, have in the past and may in the future lead to personal injuries, business interruptions, environmental damages, or other significant damages, which may result, among other consequences, in liability, losses, monetary penalties, or compensation payments, environmental clean-up costs, or other costs and expenses, exclusion from certain market sectors deemed important for future development of the business, and/or loss of reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Our business depends on our ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees.

Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain employees with the skills necessary to our business. Competitive labor market conditions have resulted in increased demand for qualified personnel, which makes it difficult to attract, hire, and retain employees with specialized technical experience. In addition, the increasing number of experienced employees becoming retirement-eligible and our company headcount growth further amplify this challenge. The number of our employees has grown both internationally and in the United States, with our total headcount increasing from approximately 16,300 at the end of fiscal 2018 to approximately 23,000 at the end of fiscal 2024. Our results of operations have been and in the future could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for skilled talent in the market. In addition, increased turnover and decreased tenure of employees may impact productivity, costs, and organizational culture. We undertake significant efforts to hire, engage, and retain our employees and to effectively manage workforce costs, even with rapid political, social, and economic shifts in our markets. If these efforts are unsuccessful, our growth may be limited and we may suffer financial or reputational harm that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

18

Table of 
Contents

Our financial results may be affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings, including antitrust, tax, environmental, or other matters.

We are subject to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings in the normal course of business and could become subject to additional claims in the future, some of which could be material. While we seek to limit our liability in our commercial contractual arrangements, there are no guarantees that each contract will contain suitable limitations of liability or that limitations of liability will be enforceable. Also, the outcome of existing legal proceedings may differ from our expectations because the outcomes of litigation, including regulatory matters, are often difficult to predict reliably. Various factors or developments can lead us to change current estimates of liabilities and related insurance receivables, where applicable, or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible to reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments, or changes in applicable law. A future adverse ruling, settlement, or unfavorable development could result in charges that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows in any particular period.

Costs and expenses resulting from compliance with environmental regulations may negatively impact our operations and financial results.

We are subject to extensive federal, state, local, and foreign environmental and safety laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions in the air; discharges to land and water; and the generation, handling, treatment, and disposal of hazardous waste and other materials. We take our environmental responsibilities very seriously, but there is a risk of adverse environmental impact inherent in our manufacturing operations and in the transportation of our products. Future developments and more stringent environmental regulations may require us to make additional unforeseen environmental expenditures. In addition, laws and regulations may require significant expenditures for environmental protection equipment, compliance, and remediation. These additional costs may adversely affect our financial results. For a more detailed description of these matters, see Item 1, 
Business–Environmental Regulation
, above.

A change of tax law in key jurisdictions could result in a material increase in our tax expense.

The multinational nature of our business subjects us to taxation in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. Our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, global minimum taxes related to the new tax framework established by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation.

Changes to income tax laws and regulations in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate, or in the interpretation of such laws, could significantly increase our effective tax rate and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Various levels of government, including the U.S. federal government, are increasingly focused on tax reform and other legislative action to increase tax revenue. Further changes in tax laws in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions where we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

19

Table of 
Contents

Actions of activist shareholders may be disruptive and costly. 

While we value constructive feedback from our investors and regularly engage in dialogue with them on various matters, the Company may nonetheless be subject to actions or proposals from activist shareholders that may not align with our business strategies or the interests of our other shareholders. An activist investor, Mantle Ridge L.P. and certain of its affiliates (together, "Mantle Ridge") recently nominated a slate of nine director candidates to stand for election at the Company’s 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and on 19 November 2024, Mantle Ridge filed a preliminary proxy statement with the SEC indicating its intention to solicit proxies on behalf of its nominees. Because Mantle Ridge nominated a full slate of nine directors, if all or a majority of Mantle Ridge's nominees are elected, Mantle Ridge would gain control of the Company without paying a premium to shareholders. The Board of Directors accordingly concluded that Mantle Ridge's proposal should be decided by the shareholders of the Company and not by the Board. The resulting proxy contest could be costly and time consuming for the Company and may divert management’s and our Board’s attention and resources from our business. In addition, if nominees advanced by Mantle Ridge are elected to our Board with a specific agenda, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively and timely implement our growth strategy, which could have an adverse effect on our business and our results of operations and financial condition. If a sufficient number of Mantle Ridge's nominees are elected, it may be deemed to constitute a change in control under certain of our material contracts and agreements. As a result of these factors, the proxy contest may cause significant fluctuation in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. Even if we are successful in this proxy contest, we may incur significant expenses. In addition, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, strategy, or leadership created by the proxy contest may result in the loss of business opportunities and make it more difficult to attract and retain investors, customers, employees, and other business partners. We cannot predict the outcome or timing of any matters relating to the anticipated proxy contest or the ultimate impact that such matters may have on our business, liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations.

General Risk Factors 

Catastrophic events could disrupt our operations or the operations of our suppliers or customers, having a negative impact on our business, financial results, and cash flows.

Our operations could be impacted by catastrophic events outside our control, including severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, storms, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, and terrorism. Any such event could cause a serious business disruption that could affect our ability to produce and distribute products and possibly expose us to third-party liability claims. Additionally, such events could impact our suppliers, customers, and partners, which could cause energy and raw materials to be unavailable to us, or our customers to be unable to purchase or accept our products and services. Any such occurrence could have a negative impact on our operations and financial results.

Inability to compete effectively in a segment could adversely impact sales and financial performance.

We face strong competition from large global competitors and many smaller regional competitors in many of our business segments. Introduction by competitors of new technologies, competing products, or additional capacity could weaken demand for, or impact pricing of our products, negatively impacting financial results. In addition, competitors’ pricing policies could affect our profitability or market share.