In conjunction with evaluating an investment in the Company and the
forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or presented elsewhere by management from time to time, you should carefully read the following risk factors. Any of the following risks could have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made and could adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock as well. While we believe we
have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that adversely affect our business, performance, or financial condition in the future that are not presently known, are
not currently believed to be significant, or are not identified below because they are common to all businesses. 

Overall Economic Conditions—A weakening or reversal of economic recovery in certain markets in which the Company does
business may decrease the demand for its goods and services and adversely impact its revenues, operating results, and cash flow. 

Demand for the Company’s products and services depends in part on the general economic conditions affecting the countries and industries in which the Company does business. In the past few years, uncertain
economic conditions in certain geographies and industries served by the Company have impacted and may in the future impact demand for the Company’s products and services, in turn negatively impacting the Company’s revenues and earnings.
Unfavorable conditions can depress sales in a given market, affect our margins, constrain our operating flexibility, or result in charges which are unusual or nonrecurring. Excess capacity in the Company’s or its competitors’ manufacturing
facilities could decrease the Company’s ability to maintain pricing and generate profits. Unanticipated contract terminations or project delays by current customers can also negatively impact financial results. Our operating results in one or
more segments may also be affected by uncertain or deteriorating economic conditions particularly germane to that segment or to particular customer markets within that segment. 

Operational, Political, and Legal Risks of International Operations—The Company’s foreign operations can be adversely
impacted by nationalization or expropriation of property, undeveloped property rights and legal systems, or political instability. Developing market operations present special risks. 

The majority of the Company’s revenue is derived from international operations. In addition, the Company is actively investing
significant capital and other resources in emerging markets. The Company’s operations in certain foreign jurisdictions may be subject to project delays due to unanticipated government actions and to nationalization and expropriation risk, and
some of its contractual relationships within these jurisdictions are subject to cancellation without full compensation for loss. Economic and political conditions within foreign jurisdictions, social unrest, or strained relations between countries
can cause fluctuations in demand, price volatility, supply disruptions, or loss of property. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s operations and financial results. 

Our developing market operations may be subject to greater risks than those faced by our operations in mature economies, including
geopolitical, legal, economic and talent risks. We expect to achieve our long-term financial goals, in part, by achieving disproportionate growth in developing regions. Should growth rates or our market share fall substantially below expected levels
in these regions, our results could be negatively impacted. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage the risks inherent in operating in a developing market, including unfamiliar regulatory environments, new relationships with local
partners, language and cultural differences, and tailoring products for acceptance by local markets. 

Interest Rate
Increases—The Company’s earnings, cash flow, and financial position can be impacted by interest rate increases and access to credit. 

At 30 September 2013, the Company had total consolidated debt of $6,273.6 million, of which $1,617.3 million will mature in the next twelve months. The Company expects to continue to incur
indebtedness to fund new projects and replace maturing debt. Although the Company actively manages its interest rate risk through the use of derivatives and diversified debt obligations, not all borrowings at variable rates are hedged, and new debt
will be priced at market rates. If interest rates increase, the Company’s interest expense could increase significantly, affecting earnings and reducing cash flow available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other
purposes. In addition, changes by any rating agency to the Company’s outlook or credit ratings could increase the Company’s cost of borrowing and weaken our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to
us. For a more detailed discussion of interest rate risk, see Item 7A, below. 

9 

Table of Contents

New Technologies—New technologies create performance risks that could impact
our financial results or reputation. 

A number of new technologies and new product offerings are being developed or
implemented by the Company. Some of our existing technologies are being implemented in products and designs beyond our experience base. These technological expansions can create nontraditional performance risks to our operations. Failure of the
technologies to work as predicted or unintended consequences of new designs or uses, could lead to cost overruns, project delays, financial penalties, or damage to our reputation. 

Raw Material and Energy Cost and Availability—Interruption in ordinary sources of supply or an inability to recover
increases in energy and raw material costs from customers could result in lost sales or reduced profitability. 

Hydrocarbons, including natural gas, are the primary feedstock for the production of hydrogen, carbon monoxide, and syngas. Energy,
including electricity, natural gas, and diesel fuel for delivery trucks, is the largest cost component of the Company’s business. Because the Company’s industrial gas facilities use substantial amounts of electricity, energy price
fluctuations could materially impact the Company’s revenues and earnings. A disruption in the supply of energy or raw materials, whether due to market conditions, legislative or regulatory actions, natural events, or other disruption, could
prevent the Company from meeting its contractual commitments, harming its business and financial results. 

The
Company’s supply of crude helium for purification and resale is largely dependent upon natural gas production by crude helium suppliers. Lower natural gas production (which may result from natural gas pricing or supplier operating issues) or
interruptions in sales from other crude helium suppliers, can reduce the Company’s supplies of crude helium available for processing and resale to its customers. 

The Electronics and Performance Materials segment uses a wide variety of raw materials, including alcohols, ethyleneamines,
cyclohexylamine, acrylonitriles, and glycols. Shortages or price escalation in these materials could negatively impact financial results. 

The Company typically contracts to pass through cost increases in energy and raw materials to its customers, but cost variability can still have a negative impact on its results. The Company may not be able to
raise prices as quickly as costs rise, or competitive pressures may prevent full recovery. Increases in energy or raw material costs that cannot be passed on to customers for competitive or other reasons would negatively impact the Company’s
revenues and earnings. Even where costs are passed through, price increases can cause lower sales volume. 

Regulatory
Compliance—The Company is subject to extensive government regulation in jurisdictions around the globe in which it does business. Changes in regulations addressing, among other things, environmental compliance, import/export restrictions,
anti-bribery and corruption, and taxes, can negatively impact the Company’s operations and financial results. 

The Company is subject to government regulation in the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which it conducts its business.
The application of laws and regulations to the Company’s business is sometimes unclear. Compliance with laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in business practice that could result in reduced profitability.
Determination of noncompliance can result in penalties or sanctions that could also impact financial results. Compliance with changes in laws or regulations can require additional capital expenditures or increase operating costs. Export controls or
other regulatory restrictions could prevent the Company from shipping its products to and from some markets or increase the cost of doing so. Export restrictions continue to attract external focus by multiple customs and export enforcement
authorities. Changes in tax laws and regulations and international tax treaties could affect the financial results of the Company’s businesses. Increasingly aggressive enforcement of anti-bribery and anti-corruption requirements, including the
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act and the China Anti-Unfair Competition Law, could subject the Company to criminal or civil sanctions if a violation occurs. We have internal control policies and procedures to foster
compliance with these laws, including compliance and training programs for our employees; however, the foregoing cannot eliminate the risk that violations could be committed by our employees, agents or joint venture partners. 

Greenhouse Gases—Legislative and regulatory responses to global climate change create financial risk. 

Some of the Company’s operations are within jurisdictions that have or are developing regulatory regimes governing emissions of
greenhouse gases (GHG). These include existing and expanding coverage under the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme; mandatory reporting and reductions at manufacturing facilities in Alberta, Canada; and

10 

Table of Contents

mandatory reporting and anticipated constraints on GHG emissions in Ontario, Canada and South Korea. In addition, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is regulating GHG emissions for new
construction and major modifications to existing facilities. 

Increased public concern may result in more international,
U.S. federal, and/or regional requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of GHG. Although uncertain, these developments could increase the Company’s costs related to consumption of electric power, hydrogen production, and fluorinated gases
production. The Company believes it will be able to mitigate some of the increased costs through its contractual terms, but the lack of definitive legislation or regulatory requirements prevents accurate estimate of the long-term impact on the
Company. Any legislation that limits or taxes GHG emissions could impact the Company’s growth, increase its operating costs, or reduce demand for certain of its products. 

Environmental Compliance—Costs and expenses resulting from compliance with environmental regulations may negatively impact
the Company’s operations and financial results. 

The Company is subject to extensive federal, state, local, and
foreign environmental and safety laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions in the air; discharges to land and water; and the generation, handling, treatment, and disposal of hazardous waste and other materials. The Company takes
its environmental responsibilities very seriously, but there is a risk of environmental impact inherent in our manufacturing operations and transportation of chemicals. Future developments and more stringent environmental regulations may require the
Company to make additional unforeseen environmental expenditures. In addition, laws and regulations may require significant expenditures for environmental protection equipment, compliance, and remediation. These additional costs may adversely affect
financial results. For a more detailed description of these matters, see “Narrative Description of the Company’s Business Generally—Environmental Controls,” above. 

We may not be able to successfully implement initiatives to improve productivity and streamline operations to control or reduce
costs. 

Achieving our long-term profitability and return goals depends significantly on our efforts to control or
reduce our operating costs. Because many of our costs are affected by factors outside or substantially outside our control, we generally must seek to control or reduce costs through operating efficiency or other initiatives. Such initiatives are
important to our success. If we are not able to identify and complete initiatives designed to control or reduce costs and increase operating efficiency, or if the cost savings initiatives we have implemented to date, or any future cost-savings
initiatives, do not generate expected cost savings, our financial results could be adversely impacted. 

Currency
Fluctuations—Changes in foreign currencies may adversely affect the Company’s financial results. 

The
majority of the Company’s sales are derived from outside the United States and denominated in foreign currencies. The Company also has significant production facilities that are located outside of the United States. Financial results therefore
will be affected by changes in foreign currency rates. The Company uses certain financial instruments to mitigate these effects, but it is not cost-effective to hedge foreign currency exposure in a manner that would entirely eliminate the effects of
changes in foreign exchange rates on earnings, cash flows, and fair values of assets and liabilities. Accordingly, reported sales, net earnings, cash flows, and fair values have been and in the future will be affected by changes in foreign exchange
rates. For a more detailed discussion of currency exposure, see Item 7A, below. 

Catastrophic
Events—Catastrophic events could disrupt the Company’s operations or the operations of its suppliers or customers, having a negative impact on the Company’s business, financial results, and cash flow. 

The Company’s operations could be impacted by catastrophic events outside the Company’s control, including severe weather
conditions such as hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, and storms, or acts of war and terrorism. Any such event could cause a serious business disruption that could affect the Company’s ability to produce and distribute its products and possibly
expose it to third-party liability claims. Additionally, such events could impact the Company’s suppliers or customers, in which event energy and raw materials may be unavailable to the Company, or its customers may be unable to purchase or
accept the Company’s products and services. Any such occurrence could have a negative impact on the Company’s operations and financial results. 

11 

Table of Contents

Operational Risks—Operational and execution risks may adversely affect the
Company’s operations or financial results. 

The Company’s operation of its facilities, pipelines, and
delivery systems inherently entails hazards that require continuous oversight and control, such as pipeline leaks and ruptures, fire, explosions, toxic releases, mechanical failures, or vehicle accidents. If operational risks materialize, they could
result in loss of life, damage to the environment, or loss of production, all of which could negatively impact the Company’s ongoing operations, reputation, financial results, and cash flow. In addition, the Company’s operating results are
dependent on the continued operation of its production facilities and its ability to meet customer requirements. Operating results are also dependent on the Company’s ability to complete new construction projects on time, on budget, and in
accordance with performance requirements. Failure to do so may expose the Company to loss of revenue, potential litigation, and loss of business reputation. 

Information Security—The security of the Company’s Information Technology systems could be compromised, which could adversely affect its ability to operate. 

We depend on information technology to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with customers as well as to maintain
financial accuracy and efficiency. Our information technology capabilities are delivered through a combination of internal and outsourced service providers. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain
the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to our intellectual property through security breach. As with all large
systems, our information systems could be penetrated by outside parties intent on extracting information, corrupting information, or disrupting business processes. The Company’s systems have in the past been and likely will in the future be
subject to hacking attempts. To date, the Company is not aware of any impact on its operations or financial results from such attempts; however, unauthorized access could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss of assets, and have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

The Company’s business
involves the use, storage, and transmission of information about its employees, vendors, and customers. The protection of such information, as well as the Company’s information, is critical to the Company. The regulatory environment surrounding
information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. The Company has established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of this information.
The Company also, from time to time, exports sensitive customer data and technical information to recipients outside the United States. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of
proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception, could expose us, our customers,
or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our reputation, or otherwise harm our business. 

Litigation and Regulatory Proceedings—The Company’s financial results may be affected by various legal and regulatory
proceedings, including those involving antitrust, tax, environmental, or other matters. 

The Company is subject to
litigation and regulatory proceedings in the normal course of business and could become subject to additional claims in the future, some of which could be material. The outcome of existing legal proceedings may differ from the Company’s
expectations because the outcomes of litigation, including regulatory matters, are often difficult to predict reliably. Various factors or developments can lead the Company to change current estimates of liabilities and related insurance
receivables, where applicable, or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible to reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments, or changes in
applicable law. A future adverse ruling, settlement, or unfavorable development could result in charges that could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations in any particular period. For a more detailed discussion of
the legal proceedings involving the Company, see Item 3, below. 

Asset Impairments—The Company may be
required to record impairment on its long-lived assets. 

Weak demand may cause underutilization of the Company’s
manufacturing capacity or elimination of product lines; contract terminations or customer shutdowns may force sale or abandonment of facilities and equipment; and contractual provisions may allow customer buyout of facilities or equipment. These or
other events associated with weak economic conditions or specific end market, product, or customer events may require the Company to record 

12 

Table of Contents

an impairment on tangible assets, such as facilities and equipment, or intangible assets, such as intellectual property or goodwill, which would have a negative impact on its financial results.

Competition—Inability to compete effectively in a segment could adversely impact sales and financial
performance. 

The Company faces strong competition from several large global competitors and many smaller regional
ones in many of its business segments. Introduction by competitors of new technologies, competing products, or additional capacity could weaken demand for or impact pricing of the Company’s products, negatively impacting financial results. In
addition, competitors’ pricing policies could materially affect the Company’s profitability or its market share. 

Pension Liabilities—The Company’s results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted by its
pension plans. 

Adverse equity market conditions and volatility in the credit markets may have an unfavorable impact
on the value of the Company’s pension trust assets and its future estimated pension liabilities, significantly affecting the net periodic benefit costs of its pension plans and ongoing funding requirements for these plans. As a result, the
Company’s financial results and cash flow in any period could be negatively impacted. For information about potential impacts from pension funding and the use of certain assumptions regarding pension matters, see the discussion in Note 16,
Retirement Benefits, to the consolidated financial statements, included in Item 8, below.