— Our Executive Chairman and Vice
 Chairman of the Board control 100% of our voting stock and
 control substantially all actions requiring the vote or consent
 of our shareholders. Moreover, University of Phoenix,
 Western International University and CFFP are required to report
 any material change in stock ownership to The Higher Learning
 Commission. In the event of a material change in stock
 ownership, The Higher Learning Commission may seek to evaluate
 the effect of such a change on the continuing operations of
 University of Phoenix, Western International University and CFFP.

 New U.S. Department of Education Reporting and
 Disclosure requirements.  The Higher Education
 Opportunity Act includes various provisions aimed at the rising
 cost of postsecondary education and other efforts for more
 transparency. Beginning July 1, 2011, the
 U.S. Department of Education will publish national lists
 disclosing the top five percent in each of nine institutional
 categories with the highest college costs and largest percentage
 increases. Additional consumer information disclosures required
 of all Title IV eligible institutions, include, but are not
 limited to, plans for improving the academic program,
 institutional policies and sanctions related to the unauthorized
 distribution of copyrighted material, retention rates, placement
 information, completion and graduation rates and campus/student
 safety awareness provisions.

 U.S. Department of Education Audits and Other
 Matters.  From time to time as part of the normal
 course of business, University of Phoenix and Western
 International University are subject to program reviews and
 audits by regulating bodies as a result of their participation
 in Title IV programs. In February 2009, the
 U.S. Department of Education performed an ordinary course,
 focused program review of University of Phoenix’s policies
 and procedures involving Title IV programs. We have not
 received the program review report resulting from this visit.

 U.S. Department of Education regulations require
 institutions and third-party servicers to submit annually to the
 Secretary of Education their student financial aid compliance
 audit, prepared by an independent auditor, no later than six
 months after the last day of the institution’s or
 third-party servicer’s fiscal year. University of Phoenix,
 Western International University and IPD have timely submitted
 their respective fiscal year 2008 annual student financial aid
 compliance audits.

 During a previous internal review of certain Title IV
 policies and procedures, it came to our attention that certain
 Satisfactory Academic Progress calculations performed by
 University of Phoenix and Western International University
 failed to properly identify students who should have been placed
 on financial aid disqualification status and therefore were
 ineligible to participate in Title IV financial aid
 programs. Additionally, we determined that University of Phoenix
 was incorrectly disbursing certain funds under a grant program.
 These matters were self-reported to the U.S. Department of
 Education in October 2008. In February 2009, after completing
 our review of these practices, we reported to the
 U.S. Department of Education the

 27

Table of Contents

 results of our review and paid the U.S. Department of
 Education our best estimate of the liability, which was
 $8.4 million. Approximately half of this amount was
 recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Income in fiscal year
 2008, which was our best estimate based on the information
 available when we identified the matter. We recorded the
 remaining amount in our Consolidated Statements of Income in the
 first half of fiscal year 2009 following completion of our
 review. The U.S. Department of Education has informed us
 that this matter has been resolved.

 International

 Governmental regulations in foreign countries significantly
 affect our international operations. New or revised
 interpretations of regulatory requirements could have a material
 adverse effect on us. Changes in existing or new interpretations
 of applicable laws, rules, or regulations in the foreign
 jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material adverse
 effect on our accreditation, authorization to operate,
 permissible activities, and costs of doing business outside of
 the U.S. The failure to maintain or renew any required
 regulatory approvals, accreditation, or state authorizations
 could have a material adverse effect on our international
 operations. See Item 1A, Risk Factors — Risks
 Related to the Highly Regulated Industry in Which We Operate.

 Other
 Matters

 We file annual, quarterly and current reports with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission. You may read and copy any
 document we file at the Securities and Exchange
 Commission’s Public Reference Room at
 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please
 call the Securities and Exchange Commission at
 1-800-SEC-0330
 for information on the Public Reference Room. The Securities and
 Exchange Commission maintains a website that contains annual,
 quarterly and current reports that issuers file electronically
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Securities and
 Exchange Commission’s website is

http://www.sec.gov.

 Our website address is www.apollogrp.edu. We make available free
 of charge on our website our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K,
 Quarterly Reports on

Form 10-Q,
 Current Reports on

Form 8-K,
 Information Statements on Schedule 14C, Forms 3, 4,
 and 5 filed on behalf of directors and executive officers, and
 all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably
 practicable after such reports are electronically filed with, or
 furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission.



 You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties
 described below and all other information contained in this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.
 In order to help assess the major risks in our business, we have
 identified many, but not all, of these risks. Due to the scope
 of our operations, a wide range of factors could materially
 affect future developments and performance.

 If any of the following risks are realized, our business,
 financial condition, cash flow or results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected, and as a result, the trading
 price of our Class A common stock could be materially and
 adversely impacted. These risk factors should be read in
 conjunction with other information set forth in this Annual
 Report, including Item 7, Management’s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations, and Item 8, 
Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data, including the related 
Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

 Risks
 Related to the Control Over Our Voting Stock

 Our
 Executive Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Board control 100%
 of our voting stock and control substantially all actions
 requiring the vote or consent of our shareholders.

 Dr. John G. Sperling, our Executive Chairman of the Board
 and Founder, and his son, Mr. Peter V. Sperling, our Vice
 Chairman of the Board, control the John Sperling Voting Stock
 Trust and the Peter Sperling

 28

Table of Contents

 Voting Stock Trust. Dr. Sperling, Mr. Sperling and the
 two trusts collectively own 100% of our voting securities, the
 Apollo Group Class B common stock. Through their individual
 holdings and their control of these trusts, Dr. Sperling
 and Mr. Sperling together control the election of all
 members of our Board of Directors and substantially all other
 actions requiring a vote of our shareholders, except in certain
 limited circumstances. Holders of our outstanding Apollo Group
 Class A common stock do not have the right to vote for the
 election of directors or for substantially any other action
 requiring a vote of shareholders, except in certain limited
 circumstances. In the event of Dr. Sperling’s passing,
 control of the John Sperling Voting Stock Trust, which holds a
 majority of the outstanding Apollo Group Class B common
 stock, will be exercised by a majority of three successor
 trustees: Mr. Sperling, Terri Bishop, who is an executive
 officer and Director of Apollo, and Darby Shupp, an employee of
 an entity affiliated with Dr. Sperling. No assurances can
 be given that the Apollo Group Class B shareholders will
 exercise their control of Apollo Group in the same manner that a
 majority of the outstanding Class A shareholders would if
 they were entitled to vote on actions currently reserved
 exclusively for our Class B shareholders. In addition, the
 control of 100% of our voting stock by Dr. Sperling and
 Mr. Sperling makes it impossible for a third party to
 acquire voting control of us without Dr. Sperling’s
 consent.

 We are a “Controlled Company” as defined in
 Rule 5615(c)(1) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules, since more
 than 50% of the voting power of Apollo Group is held by the John
 Sperling Voting Stock Trust. As a consequence, we are exempt
 from certain requirements of NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605,
 including that:

 • 

 our Board be composed of a majority of Independent Directors (as
 defined in NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2));

 • 

 the compensation of our officers be determined by a majority of
 the independent directors or a compensation committee composed
 solely of independent directors; and

 • 

 nominations to the Board of Directors be made by a majority of
 the independent directors or a nominations committee composed
 solely of independent directors.

 However, NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(b)(2) does require that
 our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at
 which only independent directors are present (“executive
 sessions”). In addition, Internal Revenue Code
 Section 162(m) requires that a compensation committee of
 outside directors (within the meaning of Section 162(m))
 approve stock option grants to executive officers in order for
 us to be able to claim deductions for the compensation expense
 attributable to such stock options. Notwithstanding the
 foregoing exemptions, we do have a majority of independent
 directors on our Board of Directors and we do have an Audit
 Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and
 Governance Committee composed entirely of independent directors.

 The charters for the Compensation, Audit and Nominating and
 Governance Committees have been adopted by the Board of
 Directors and are available on our website, www.apollogrp.edu.
 These charters provide, among other items, that each member must
 be independent as such term is defined by the applicable rules
 of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC and the Securities and Exchange
 Commission.

 Risks
 Related to the Highly Regulated Industry in Which We
 Operate

 U.S.
 Operations

 If we
 fail to comply with the extensive regulatory requirements for
 our business, we could face significant monetary liabilities,
 fines and penalties, including loss of access to U.S. federal
 student loans and grants for our students.

 As a provider of higher education, we are subject to extensive
 U.S. regulation on both the federal and state levels. In
 particular, the Higher Education Act, as reauthorized by the
 Higher Education Opportunity Act in August 2008, and related
 regulations impose significant regulatory scrutiny on University
 of Phoenix and Western International University, and all other
 higher education institutions that participate in the various
 federal student financial aid programs under Title IV of
 the Higher Education Act (“Title IV programs”).
 We collected the majority of our fiscal year 2009 total
 consolidated net revenue from receipt of Title IV financial

 29

Table of Contents

 aid program funds. University of Phoenix represented
 approximately 95% of our fiscal year 2009 total consolidated net
 revenue and University of Phoenix generated 86% of its cash
 basis revenue for eligible tuition and fees during fiscal year
 2009 from receipt of Title IV financial aid program funds,
 as calculated under the 90/10 Rule, excluding the benefit from
 the temporary relief for loan limit increases.

 These regulatory requirements cover virtually all phases of our
 U.S. operations, including educational program offerings,
 facilities, instructional and administrative staff,
 administrative procedures, marketing and recruiting, financial
 operations, payment of refunds to students who withdraw,
 maintenance of restricted cash, acquisitions or openings of new
 schools, commencement of new educational programs and changes in
 our corporate structure and ownership.

 The Higher Education Act, as reauthorized, mandates specific
 regulatory responsibilities for each of the following components
 of the higher education regulatory triad: (1) the
 U.S. federal government through the U.S. Department of
 Education; (2) independent accrediting agencies recognized
 by the U.S. Secretary of Education; and (3) state
 education regulatory bodies.

 The regulations, standards and policies of these regulatory
 agencies frequently change and are subject to interpretation,
 particularly where they are crafted for traditional, academic
 term-based schools rather than our non-term academic delivery
 model. Changes in, or new interpretations of, applicable laws,
 regulations, or standards could have a material adverse effect
 on our accreditation, authorization to operate in various
 states, permissible activities, receipt of funds under
 Title IV programs, or costs of doing business. We cannot
 predict with certainty how all of the requirements applied by
 these agencies will be interpreted or whether our schools will
 be able to comply with these requirements in the future.

 From time to time, we identify inadvertent compliance
 deficiencies that we must address and, where appropriate, report
 to the U.S. Department of Education. Such reporting, even
 in regard to a minor compliance issue, could result in a more
 significant compliance review by the U.S. Department of
 Education or even a full recertification review, which may
 require the expenditure of substantial administrative time and
 resources to address. If the U.S. Department of Education
 concluded that these reported deficiencies reflect a lack of
 administrative capability, we could be subject to additional
 sanctions or even lose our eligibility to participate in
 Title IV programs. See “A failure to demonstrate
 “administrative capability” or “financial
 responsibility” may result in the loss of eligibility to
 participate in Title IV programs,” below.

 If we are found to be in noncompliance with any of these
 regulations, standards or policies, any one of the relevant
 regulatory agencies may be able to do one or more of the
 following:

 • 

 impose monetary fines or penalties;

 • 

 limit or terminate our operations or ability to grant degrees
 and diplomas;

 • 

 restrict or revoke our accreditation, licensure or other
 approval to operate;

 • 

 limit, suspend or terminate our eligibility to participate in
 Title IV programs or state financial aid programs;

 • 

 require repayment of funds received under Title IV programs
 or state financial aid programs;

 • 

 require us to post a letter of credit with the
 U.S. Department of Education;

 • 

 subject our schools to heightened cash monitoring by the
 U.S. Department of Education;

 • 

 transfer us from the U.S. Department of Education’s
 advance system of receiving Title IV program funds to its
 reimbursement system, under which a school must disburse its own
 funds to students and document the students’ eligibility
 for Title IV program funds before receiving such funds
 backed by the U.S. Department of Education;

 • 

 subject us to other civil or criminal penalties; and/or

 • 

 subject us to other forms of censure.

 30

Table of Contents

 In addition, in some circumstances of noncompliance or alleged
 noncompliance, we may be subject to qui tam lawsuits under the
 Federal False Claims Act. In these actions, private plaintiffs
 seek to enforce remedies under the Act on behalf of the
 U.S. and, if successful, are entitled to recover their
 costs and to receive a portion of any amounts recovered by the
 U.S. in the lawsuit. These lawsuits can be prosecuted by a
 private plaintiff in respect of some action taken by us, even if
 the Department of Education does not agree with plaintiff’s
 theory of liability.

 Any of the penalties, injunctions, restrictions or other forms
 of censure listed above could have a material adverse effect on
 our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows. If we lose our Title IV eligibility, we would
 experience a dramatic and adverse decline in revenue and we
 would be unable to continue our business as it currently is
 conducted.

 The
 reauthorization of the federal Higher Education Act in August
 2008 includes substantially increased reporting and other
 requirements which may impair our reputation and adversely
 affect our enrollments. In addition, not all of these new
 requirements are clear on their face. Our failure to accurately
 interpret these new requirements may subject us to penalties and
 other sanctions imposed by the U.S. Department of
 Education.

 The Higher Education Opportunity Act, enacted on August 14,
 2008, extends the Higher Education Act through
 September 30, 2013. Among other things, the Higher
 Education Opportunity Act imposes more than 100 new reporting
 requirements. Beginning July 1, 2011, the
 U.S. Department of Education will publish national lists
 disclosing various statistics including the top five percent of
 schools in each of nine institutional categories with the
 highest college costs and largest percentage increases. If
 University of Phoenix or Western International University is
 highlighted negatively on one or more of these lists, our
 reputation may be impaired and our enrollments may be adversely
 affected. In addition, many of the Higher Education Opportunity
 Act provisions will be further specified in regulations
 promulgated by the U.S. Department of Education. The
 U.S. Department of Education currently is evaluating which
 provisions in the law should be the subject of regulation. This
 regulatory process may impose additional or apparently different
 reporting and other requirements on institutions that
 participate in Title IV programs. Some period will elapse
 before the U.S. Department of Education determines which
 provisions of the Higher Education Opportunity Act will be the
 subject of administrative rulemaking and issues final rules. In
 the interim, the uncertainty about various requirements of the
 Higher Education Opportunity Act will remain. Any failure by us
 to properly interpret the effect of the Higher Education
 Opportunity Act could subject us to the consequences, penalties
 and other sanctions imposed by the U.S. Department of
 Education discussed in the preceding risk factor, which could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows. The prospect of
 such sanctions may cause us to conservatively interpret the
 Higher Education Opportunity Act’s requirements pending
 interpretive guidance, which may limit our flexibility in
 operating or growing our business.

 Our
 schools and programs would lose their eligibility to participate
 in federal student financial aid programs if the percentage of
 our revenues derived from those programs is too
 high.

 The “90/10 Rule.” A requirement of the Higher
 Education Act, as reauthorized by the Higher Education
 Opportunity Act, commonly referred to as the “90/10
 Rule,” applies only to proprietary institutions of higher
 education, which includes University of Phoenix and Western
 International University. Under this rule, a proprietary
 institution will be ineligible to participate in Title IV
 programs if for any two consecutive fiscal years it derives more
 than 90% of its cash basis revenue, as defined in the rule, from
 Title IV programs. An institution that derives more than
 90% of its revenue from Title IV programs for any single
 fiscal year will be placed on provisional certification for two
 fiscal years and will be subject to possible additional
 sanctions determined to be appropriate under the circumstances
 by the U.S. Department of Education in the exercise of its
 broad discretion. An institution that derives more than 90% of
 its revenue from Title IV programs for two consecutive
 fiscal years will be ineligible to participate in Title IV
 programs. University of Phoenix and Western International
 University are required to calculate this percentage at the end
 of each fiscal year. If an

 31

Table of Contents

 institution violates the 90/10 Rule and becomes ineligible to
 participate in Title IV programs, any disbursements of
 Title IV program funds while ineligible must be repaid to
 the U.S. Department of Education.

 The 90/10 Rule percentage for University of Phoenix has
 increased materially over the past several fiscal years and we
 expect the trend will continue in fiscal year 2010. The increase
 has been driven primarily by the following factors:

 • 

 Increased student loan limits.  In May 2008,
 the Ensuring Continued Access to Student Loans Act of 2008
 increased the annual loan limits on federal unsubsidized student
 loans by $2,000 for the majority of our students enrolled in
 associate’s and bachelor’s degree programs, and also
 increased the aggregate loan limits (over the course of a
 student’s education) on total federal student loans for
 certain students. This increase in student loan limits, together
 with increases in Pell Grants, has increased the amount of
 Title IV program funds available to and used by our
 students to satisfy tuition, fees and other costs, which has
 increased the proportion of our revenue deemed to be from
 Title IV programs.

 • 

 Increased associate’s degree
 enrollment.  The proportion of our revenue from
 associate’s degree programs is composed of a higher
 percentage of Title IV funds than is the case for our
 bachelor’s and other degree programs. As a result, our
 90/10 Rule percentage tends to increase as associate’s
 degree enrollment increases relative to other programs. Because
 our associate’s degree enrollment continues to grow at a
 higher rate than our other programs, this growth has contributed
 to the increase in the 90/10 Rule percentages for the University
 of Phoenix.

 The Higher Education Opportunity Act provides temporary relief
 from the impact of the loan limit increases by excluding from
 the 90/10 Rule calculation any amounts received between
 July 1, 2008 and July 1, 2011 that are attributable to
 the increased annual loan limits. The implementing regulations
 for this temporary relief are being developed in a negotiated
 rulemaking process involving the U.S. Department of
 Education, industry representatives and other interested
 parties. The proposed rules were published for comment by the
 U.S. Department of Education in August 2009, and are
 expected to be published in final form by November 1, 2009.
 There is uncertainty about the manner and extent in which the
 temporary relief will apply to University of Phoenix and Western
 International University, which have atypical academic
 calendars. We continue to monitor the rulemaking process, as the
 resolution of the interpretive issues and subsequent guidance
 from the U.S. Department of Education could have an impact
 on the benefit derived from the temporary relief. The
 application of this temporary relief will decrease the 90/10
 Rule percentages for University of Phoenix and Western
 International University for fiscal year 2009. However, at
 present given the evolving rule-making process as well as the
 complexity of such a calculation given our atypical academic
 calendars, we are unable to quantify precisely the benefit that
 we will derive in the 90/10 Rule percentage from the temporary
 relief. As such, our reported rates below exclude the benefits
 from the temporary relief, which we currently estimate will
 reduce our University of Phoenix rate between 50 and
 300 basis points.

 The 90/10 Rule percentages, excluding the benefit from the
 temporary relief for loan limit increases, for University of
 Phoenix and Western International University for fiscal year
 2009 were 86% and 57%, respectively.

 University of Phoenix is taking various measures to reduce the
 percentage of its cash basis revenue attributable to
 Title IV funds, including emphasizing employer-paid and
 other direct-pay education programs, encouraging students to
 carefully evaluate the amount of necessary Title IV
 borrowing, and increasing the focus on professional development
 and continuing education programs. Although we expect that these
 measures will favorably impact the 90/10 Rule calculation in the
 future, there is no assurance that these initiatives will be
 effective in reducing the 90/10 Rule calculation, or that they
 will be adequate to prevent the 90/10 Rule calculation from
 exceeding 90% in fiscal year 2010 or future fiscal years. We do
 not believe that these measures significantly impacted our 90/10
 Rule calculation for fiscal year 2009.

 In addition, we intend to consider other measures to favorably
 impact the 90/10 Rule calculation for University of Phoenix,
 including appropriate domestic acquisitions and tuition price
 increases. These efforts, and our other long-term initiatives to
 impact this calculation, may increase our operating expenses
 and/or

 32

Table of Contents

 reduce our revenue and may have a materially adverse effect on
 our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

 If the U.S. Congress acts to further increase the student
 loan limits or to increase the amount of Pell or other grants
 available to students, the 90/10 Rule percentage for University
 of Phoenix could increase. Absent corresponding changes in the
 90/10 Rule to address the effects of any such increase, such an
 increase may require us to accelerate our efforts to manage the
 proportion of our cash basis revenue composed of Title IV
 funds.

 We collected the majority of our fiscal year 2009 total
 consolidated net revenue from receipt of Title IV financial
 aid program funds, and continued Title IV eligibility is
 critical to the operation of our business. If University of
 Phoenix becomes ineligible to participate in Title IV
 federal student financial aid programs, we could not conduct our
 business as it is currently conducted and it would have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows. See the discussion of the
 90/10 Rule, including the changes enacted by the Higher
 Education Opportunity Act, in Item 1, Business,
 Regulatory Environment — Domestic Postsecondary
 — 
The “90/10 Rule,” which
 discussion is incorporated by this reference.

 If we
 are not recertified to participate in Title IV programs by
 the U.S. Department of Education, we would lose eligibility to
 participate in Title IV programs.

 University of Phoenix and Western International University are
 eligible and certified to participate in Title IV programs.
 University of Phoenix was recertified for Title IV programs
 in June 2003 and its current certification expired in June 2007.
 In March 2007, University of Phoenix submitted its Title IV
 recertification application to the U.S. Department of
 Education. We have been collaborating with the
 U.S. Department of Education since that date and continue
 to supply additional
 follow-up
 information based on requests from the U.S. Department of
 Education. Our eligibility continues on a

month-to-month
 basis until the U.S. Department of Education issues its
 decision on the application. We have no reason to believe that
 our application will not be renewed in due course.

 In February 2009, unrelated to our recertification application,
 the U.S. Department of Education performed an ordinary
 course, focused program review of University of Phoenix’s
 policies and procedures involving Title IV programs. We
 have not yet received the program review report.

 Western International University was recertified in October 2003
 and its current certification for participation in Title IV
 programs expired on June 30, 2009. In March 2009, Western
 International University submitted its Title IV
 recertification application to the U.S. Department of
 Education. Western International University’s eligibility
 continues on a
 month-to-month
 basis until the U.S. Department of Education completes it
 review of the application and issues its decision. As with
 University of Phoenix, we have no reason to believe that the
 application will not be renewed in due course.

 Generally, the recertification process includes a review by the
 U.S. Department of Education of the institution’s
 educational programs and locations, administrative capability,
 financial responsibility, and other oversight categories. The
 U.S. Department of Education could limit, suspend or
 terminate an institution’s participation in Title IV
 programs for violations of the Higher Education Act, as
 reauthorized, or Title IV regulations.

 We collected the majority of our fiscal year 2009 total
 consolidated net revenue from receipt of Title IV financial
 aid program funds. University of Phoenix represented
 approximately 95% of our fiscal year 2009 total consolidated net
 revenue and University of Phoenix generated 86% of its cash
 basis revenue for eligible tuition and fees during fiscal year
 2009 from receipt of Title IV financial aid program funds,
 as calculated under the 90/10 Rule, excluding the benefit from
 the temporary relief for loan limit increases. Continued
 Title IV eligibility is critical to the operation of our
 business. If University of Phoenix becomes ineligible to
 participate in Title IV federal student financial aid
 programs, we could not conduct our business as it is currently
 conducted and it would have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 33

Table of Contents

 Our
 business could be harmed if we experience a disruption in our
 ability to process student loans because of the proposed
 phase-out of Family Education Loan Program loans and the
 corresponding transition to direct student loans under the
 Federal Direct Loan Program.

 Student loans under the Federal Family Education Loan Program
 (“FFELP”) are currently the most significant source of
 U.S. federal student aid and are low interest, federally
 guaranteed loans made by private lenders. We collected the
 majority of our fiscal year 2009 total consolidated net revenue
 from receipt of Title IV financial aid program funds,
 principally from FFELP student loans. In addition to FFELP loans
 made by private lenders, the U.S. Department of Education
 also administers the Federal Direct Loan Program
 (“FDLP”), which eliminates the private financial
 institution as the lender. Under the FDLP, the federal
 government makes the loans directly to the students on terms
 consistent with FFELP loans. During fiscal year 2009, FDLP loans
 represented less than 1% of the gross Title IV funds
 received by University of Phoenix.

 In U.S. President Barack Obama’s 2010 budget request
 to Congress, the U.S. Department of Education proposed to
 eliminate FFELP loans and instead require all Title IV
 student loans to be administered through the FDLP commencing
 July 1, 2010. We expect to be able to fully transition from
 the FFELP program to the FDLP by the proposed July 1, 2010
 phase-out date, if necessary. If this proposal is adopted, the
 transition would require us to develop and implement
 administrative capabilities and procedures for volume processing
 of loans under the FDLP. If we experience a disruption in our
 ability to process student loans through the FDLP, either
 because of administrative challenges on our part or the
 inability of the U.S. Department of Education to process
 the increased volume of direct student loans on a timely basis,
 our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows could be adversely and materially affected.

 If
 regulators do not approve or delay their approval of
 transactions involving a change of control of our company, our
 state licenses, accreditation, and ability to participate in
 Title IV programs may be impaired.

 A change of ownership or control of Apollo Group, depending on
 the type of change, may have significant regulatory consequences
 for University of Phoenix and Western International University.
 Such a change of ownership or control could require
 recertification by the U.S. Department of Education,
 reauthorization by state licensing agencies, or the reevaluation
 of the accreditation by The Higher Learning Commission of the
 North Central Association of Colleges and Schools. The
 U.S. Department of Education has adopted the change of
 ownership and control standards used by the federal securities
 laws for institutions owned by publicly-held corporations. Upon
 a change of ownership and control sufficient to require us to
 file a
 Form 8-K
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or a change in the
 identity of a controlling shareholder of the Apollo Group,
 University of Phoenix

and/or
 Western International University may cease to be eligible to
 participate in Title IV programs until recertified by the
 U.S. Department of Education. There can be no assurances
 that such recertification would be obtained on a timely basis.
 Under some circumstances, the U.S. Department of Education
 may continue an institution’s participation in the
 Title IV programs on a temporary provisional basis pending
 completion of the change in ownership approval process. In
 addition, some states where University of Phoenix, Western
 International University or CFFP is presently licensed have
 requirements governing change of ownership or control that
 require approval of the change to remain authorized to operate
 in those states. Moreover, University of Phoenix, Western
 International University and CFFP are required to report any
 material change in stock ownership to The Higher Learning
 Commission. In the event of a material change in stock ownership
 of Apollo Group, The Higher Learning Commission may seek to
 evaluate the effect of such a change of stock ownership on the
 continuing operations of University of Phoenix, Western
 International University and CFFP.

 Substantially all of our voting stock is owned and controlled by
 Dr. John Sperling and Mr. Peter Sperling. We cannot
 prevent a change of ownership or control that would arise from a
 transfer of voting stock by Dr. Sperling or
 Mr. Sperling, including a transfer that may occur or be
 deemed to occur upon the death of one or both of
 Dr. Sperling or Mr. Sperling. Dr. and
 Mr. Sperling have established voting stock trusts and other
 agreements with the intent to maintain the Company’s voting
 stock in such a way as to prevent a change of ownership or
 control upon either’s death, but we cannot assure you that
 these arrangements will have the desired effect.

 34

Table of Contents

 If
 regulators do not approve our domestic acquisitions, the
 acquired schools’ state licenses, accreditation, and
 ability to participate in Title IV programs may be
 impaired.

 When we acquire an institution, we must seek approval from the
 U.S. Department of Education, if the acquired institution
 participates in Title IV programs, and from most applicable
 state agencies and accrediting agencies because an acquisition
 is considered a change of ownership or control of the acquired
 institution under applicable regulatory standards. A change of
 ownership or control of an institution under the
 U.S. Department of Education standards can result in the
 temporary suspension of the institution’s participation in
 the Title IV programs unless a timely and materially
 complete application for recertification is filed with the
 U.S. Department of Education and the U.S. Department
 of Education issues a temporary provisional certification. If we
 are unable to obtain approvals from the state agencies,
 accrediting agencies or U.S. Department of Education for
 any institution we may acquire in the future, depending on the
 size of that acquisition, such a failure to obtain approval
 could have a material adverse effect on our business.

 Action
 by the U.S. Congress to revise the laws governing the federal
 student financial aid programs or reduce funding for those
 programs could reduce our student population and increase our
 costs of operation.

 The U.S. Congress must periodically reauthorize the Higher
 Education Act and annually determine the funding level for each
 Title IV program. In 2008, the Higher Education Act was
 reauthorized through September 30, 2013 by the Higher
 Education Opportunity Act. Changes to the Higher Education Act
 are likely to result from subsequent reauthorizations, and the
 scope and substance of any such changes cannot be predicted. Any
 action by the U.S. Congress that significantly reduces
 Title IV program funding or the ability of our institutions
 or students to participate in Title IV programs would have
 a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows. Congressional action may also require
 us to modify our practices in ways that could increase our
 administrative costs and reduce our profit margin, which could
 have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 If the U.S. Congress significantly reduced the amount of
 available Title IV program funding, we would attempt to
 arrange for alternative sources of financial aid for our
 students, but it is unlikely that private sources would be able
 to provide as much funding to our students on as favorable terms
 as is currently provided by Title IV. In addition, private
 organizations could require us to guarantee all or part of this
 assistance and we might incur other additional costs. For these
 reasons, private, alternative sources of student financial aid
 would only partly offset, if at all, the impact on our business
 of reduced Title IV program funding.

 Student
 loan defaults could result in the loss of eligibility to
 participate in Title IV programs.

 Currently, under the Higher Education Act, as reauthorized, an
 educational institution will lose its eligibility to participate
 in some or all Title IV programs if its student loan cohort
 default rate equals or exceeds 25% for three consecutive years
 or 40% for any given year. If our student loan default rates
 approach these limits, we may be required to expend substantial
 effort and resources to improve these default rates. In
 addition, because there is a lag between the funding of a
 student loan and a default thereunder, many of the borrowers who
 are in default or at risk of default are former students with
 whom we may have only limited contact. Accordingly, there can be
 no assurance that we would be able to effectively improve our
 default rates or improve them in a timely manner to meet the
 requirements for continued participation in Title IV
 funding if we begin to experience a substantial increase in our
 student loan default rates.

 The cohort default rate requirements were modified by the Higher
 Education Opportunity Act enacted in August 2008 to increase by
 one year the measuring period for each cohort and increase some
 of the threshold rates that trigger penalties. We do not expect
 the change in the measurement period for the calculation of the
 cohort default rate and the related thresholds to have a
 material impact on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 If we lose our eligibility to participate in Title IV
 programs because of high student loan default rates, we could
 not conduct our business as it is currently being conducted and
 it would have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See
 the discussion of student loan cohort default rates, including
 the changes enacted by the Higher Education Opportunity Act, in
 Item 1,

 35

Table of Contents

 Business — Regulatory Environment
 — 
Domestic Postsecondary
 — 
Student Loan Defaults, which discussion
 is incorporated by this reference.

 If any
 regulatory audit, investigation or other proceeding finds us not
 in compliance with the numerous laws and regulations applicable
 to the postsecondary education industry, we may not be able to
 successfully challenge such finding and our business could
 suffer.

 Due to the highly regulated nature of the postsecondary
 education industry, we are subject to audits, compliance
 reviews, inquiries, complaints, investigations, claims of
 non-compliance and lawsuits by federal and state governmental
 agencies, regulatory agencies, accrediting agencies, present and
 former students and employees, shareholders and other third
 parties, any of whom may allege violations of any of the
 regulatory requirements applicable to us. If the results of any
 such claims or actions are unfavorable to us, we may be required
 to pay monetary fines or penalties, be required to repay funds
 received under Title IV programs or state financial aid
 programs, have restrictions placed on or terminate our
 schools’ or programs’ eligibility to participate in
 Title IV programs or state financial aid programs, have
 limitations placed on or terminate our schools’ operations
 or ability to grant degrees and certificates, have our
 schools’ accreditations restricted or revoked, or be
 subject to civil or criminal penalties. Any one of these
 sanctions could materially adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and
 result in the imposition of significant restrictions on us and
 our ability to operate.

 If we
 fail to maintain our institutional accreditation, we would lose
 our ability to participate in Title IV
 programs.

 University of Phoenix and Western International University are
 institutionally accredited by The Higher Learning Commission,
 one of the six regional accrediting agencies recognized by the
 Secretary of Education. Accreditation by an accrediting agency
 recognized by the U.S. Secretary of Education is required
 in order for an institution to become and remain eligible to
 participate in Title IV programs. The loss of accreditation
 would, among other things, render our schools and programs
 ineligible to participate in Title IV programs, affect our
 authorization to operate in certain states and decrease student
 demand. If University of Phoenix becomes ineligible to
 participate in Title IV federal student financial aid
 programs, we could not conduct our business as it is currently
 conducted and it would have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 If we
 fail to maintain any of our state authorizations, we would lose
 our ability to operate in that state and to participate in
 Title IV programs there.

 University of Phoenix and Western International University are
 authorized to operate and to grant degrees by the applicable
 state agency of each state where such authorization is required
 and where we maintain a campus. In addition, several states
 require University of Phoenix to obtain separate authorization
 for the delivery of distance education to residents of those
 states. Compliance with these state requirements is also
 necessary for students in the respective states to participate
 in Title IV programs. The loss of such authorization in one
 or more states would render students resident in those states
 ineligible to participate in Title IV programs and could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows. Loss of
 authorization in one or more states could increase the
 likelihood of additional scrutiny and potential loss of
 operating
 and/or
 degree granting authority in other states in which we operate,
 which would further impact our business.

 A
 failure to demonstrate “administrative capability” or
 “financial responsibility” may result in the loss of
 eligibility to participate in Title IV
 programs.

 The U.S. Department of Education regulations specify
 extensive criteria an institution must satisfy to establish that
 it has the requisite administrative capability to participate in
 Title IV programs. These criteria require, among other
 things, that the institution:

 • 

 comply with all applicable Title IV program regulations;

 36

Table of Contents

 • 

 have capable and sufficient personnel to administer the federal
 student financial aid programs;

 • 

 have acceptable methods of defining and measuring the
 satisfactory academic progress of its students;

 • 

 not have a student loan cohort default rate above specified
 levels;

 • 

 have procedures in place for safeguarding federal funds;

 • 

 not be, and not have any principal or affiliate who is, debarred
 or suspended from federal contracting or engaging in activity
 that is cause for debarment or suspension;

 • 

 provide financial aid counseling to its students;

 • 

 refer to the Office of Inspector General any credible
 information indicating that any applicant, student, employee or
 agent of the institution has been engaged in any fraud or other
 illegal conduct involving Title IV programs;

 • 

 submit in a timely manner all reports and financial statements
 required by the regulations; and

 • 

 not otherwise appear to lack administrative capability.

 Furthermore, to participate in Title IV programs, an
 eligible institution must satisfy specific measures of financial
 responsibility prescribed by the U.S. Department of
 Education, or post a letter of credit in favor of the
 U.S. Department of Education and possibly accept other
 conditions on its participation in Title IV programs. If
 our schools eligible to participate in Title IV programs
 fail to maintain administrative capability or financial
 responsibility, as defined by the U.S. Department of
 Education, those schools could lose their eligibility to
 participate in Title IV programs or have that eligibility
 adversely conditioned, which would have a material adverse
 effect on our business. Limitations on, or termination of,
 participation in Title IV programs as a result of the
 failure to demonstrate administrative capability or financial
 responsibility would limit students’ access to
 Title IV program funds, which could significantly reduce
 the enrollments and revenues of our schools eligible to
 participate in Title IV programs and materially and
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows. See the discussion of financial
 responsibility in Item 1, Business
 — Regulatory Environment — Domestic
 Postsecondary — Standards of Financial
 Responsibility, which discussion is incorporated by this
 reference.

 We
 will be subject to sanctions if we fail to properly calculate
 and make timely payment of refunds of Title IV program
 funds for students who withdraw before completing their
 educational program.

 The Higher Education Act, as reauthorized, and
 U.S. Department of Education regulations require us to
 calculate refunds of unearned Title IV program funds
 disbursed to students who withdraw from their educational
 program before completing it. If refunds are not properly
 calculated or timely paid for 5% or more of students sampled in
 the institution’s annual compliance audit or in a program
 review, generally within 45 days of the date the school
 determines that the student has withdrawn, we may have to post a
 letter of credit in favor of the U.S. Department of
 Education or otherwise be subject to adverse actions by the
 U.S. Department of Education, which could increase our cost
 of regulatory compliance and adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 We are
 subject to sanctions if we pay impermissible commissions,
 bonuses, or other incentive payments to individuals involved in
 certain recruiting, admission, or financial aid
 activities.

 A school participating in Title IV programs may not provide
 any commission, bonus, or other incentive payment based directly
 or indirectly on success in securing enrollments or financial
 aid to any person or entity engaged in any student recruitment
 or admission activity or in making decisions regarding the
 awarding of Title IV program funds. The law and regulations
 governing this requirement do not establish clear criteria for
 compliance in all circumstances. If the U.S. Department of
 Education determined that our compensation practices violated
 these standards, the U.S. Department of Education could
 subject us to monetary fines, penalties, or other sanctions,
 which could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 37

Table of Contents

 If
 IPD’s Client Institutions are sanctioned due to
 non-compliance with Title IV requirements, our business
 could be responsible for any resulting fines and
 penalties.

 IPD provides to its Client Institutions numerous consulting and
 administrative services, including services that involve the
 handling and receipt of Title IV funds. As a result of
 this, IPD may be jointly and severally liable for any fines,
 penalties or other sanctions imposed by the U.S. Department
 of Education on the Client Institution for violation of
 applicable Title IV regulations, regardless of the degree
 of fault, if any, on IPD’s part. The imposition of such
 fines, penalties or other sanctions could have a material
 adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 Government
 regulations relating to the Internet could increase our cost of
 doing business, affect our ability to grow or otherwise have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 The increasing popularity and use of the Internet and other
 online services has led and may lead to further adoption of new
 laws and regulatory practices in the U.S. or foreign
 countries and to new interpretations of existing laws and
 regulations. These new laws and interpretations may relate to
 issues such as online privacy, copyrights, trademarks and
 service marks, sales taxes, value-added taxes, withholding
 taxes, allocation and apportionment of income amongst various
 state, local and foreign jurisdictions, fair business practices
 and the requirement that online education institutions qualify
 to do business as foreign corporations or be licensed in one or
 more jurisdictions where they have no physical location or other
 presence. New laws, regulations or interpretations related to
 doing business over the Internet could increase our costs and
 materially and adversely affect our enrollments, which could
 have a material adverse affect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Non-U.S.
 Operations

 Our
 non-U.S. operations
 are subject to regulatory requirements of the applicable
 countries in which we operate, and our failure to comply with
 these requirements may result in substantial monetary
 liabilities, fines and penalties and a loss of authority to
 operate.

 We operate physical and online educational institutions in the
 United Kingdom, Europe, China, India, Canada, Chile, Mexico, and
 elsewhere, and are actively seeking further expansion in other
 countries. Our operations in each of the relevant foreign
 jurisdictions are subject to educational and other regulations,
 which may differ materially from the regulations applicable to
 our U.S. operations.

 Risks
 Related to Our Business

 Our
 business may be adversely affected by a further economic
 slowdown in the U.S. or abroad or by an economic recovery in the
 U.S.

 The U.S and much of the world economy are in the midst of an
 economic downturn. We believe the current economic downturn has
 contributed to a portion of our recent enrollment growth as an
 increased number of working learners seek to advance their
 education to improve job security or reemployment prospects.
 This effect cannot be quantified. However, to the extent that
 the economic downturn has increased demand for our programs, a
 subsequent economic recovery may eliminate this effect and
 reduce such demand as fewer potential students seek to advance
 their education. This reduction could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows. A worsening of the economic downturn
 may reduce the demand for our programs among students and the
 willingness of employers to sponsor educational opportunities
 for their employees, either of which could materially and
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows. In addition, these events could
 adversely affect the ability or willingness of our former
 students to repay student loans, which could increase our bad
 debt expense and our student loan cohort default rate and
 require increased time, attention and resources to manage these
 defaults, either of which could have a material adverse effect
 on our business. See Risks Related to the Highly Regulated
 Industry in Which We Operate — 
Student loan
 defaults could result in the loss of eligibility to participate
 in Title IV programs, above.

 38

Table of Contents

 If we
 are unable to successfully conclude pending litigation and
 governmental inquiries, our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows could be adversely
 affected.

 We, certain of our subsidiaries, and certain of our current and
 former directors and executive officers have been named as
 defendants in lawsuits alleging violations of the federal
 securities laws and the federal False Claims Act. In August
 2008, the U.S. District Court for the District Court of
 Arizona vacated a judgment for damages against us in a
 securities class action, and the plaintiffs have appealed to the
 Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. We also are awaiting trial in a
 separate qui tam action against us alleging violations of the
 Higher Education Act, as reauthorized, and federal securities
 laws and the federal False Claims Act. We are also subject to
 various other lawsuits, investigations and claims, covering a
 range of matters, including, but not limited to, claims
 involving shareholders and employment matters and an informal
 inquiry by the Enforcement Division of the Securities and
 Exchange Commission regarding our revenue recognition practices.
 Refer to Note 18, Commitments and Contingencies, in
 Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,
 for further discussion of pending litigation and other
 proceedings.

 We cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these matters and
 expect to incur significant defense costs and other expenses in
 connection with them. Such costs and expenses could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows and the market price of our
 common stock. We may be required to pay substantial damages or
 settlement costs in excess of our insurance coverage related to
 these matters, or may be required to pay substantial fines or
 penalties, any of which could have a further material adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 We may
 not be able to sustain our recent growth rate or profitability,
 and we may not be able to manage future growth
 effectively.

 Our ability to sustain our current rate of growth or
 profitability depends on a number of factors, including our
 ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals, our ability
 to attract and retain students, our ability to maintain
 operating margins, our ability to recruit and retain high
 quality academic and administrative personnel and competitive
 factors. Over the past three years, our growth has been
 predominately in our associate’s degree programs. If we do
 not sustain our growth rate in the associate’s degree
 programs, or fail to transition students to our bachelor’s
 degree, advanced degree and other potential new programs, our
 business could be adversely affected. In addition, growth may
 place a significant strain on our resources and increase demands
 on our management information and reporting systems, financial
 management controls, and personnel. Although we have made a
 substantial investment in augmenting our financial and
 management information systems and other resources to support
 future growth, we cannot assure you that we will have adequate
 capacity to accommodate substantial growth or that we will be
 able to manage further growth effectively. Failure to do so
 could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 In addition, our growth could be adversely impacted by a
 reduction in the growth rate of overall postsecondary
 enrollment. According to the U.S. Department of Education,
 enrollment in degree-granting, postsecondary institutions is
 projected to grow approximately 10% over the ten-year period
 ending in 2017, to approximately 20.1 million students.
 This growth compares with a 25.5% increase reported in the prior
 ten-year period ended in 2007, when enrollment increased from
 14.5 million students in 1997 to 18.2 million students
 in 2007. This projected reduction in the growth rate of
 postsecondary enrollment could negatively affect our ability to
 grow our business in the U.S.

 Our
 financial performance depends on our ability to continue to
 develop awareness among, and recruit and retain
 students.

 Building awareness of our schools and the programs we offer is
 critical to our ability to attract prospective students. If our
 schools are unable to successfully market and advertise their
 educational programs, our schools’ ability to attract and
 enroll prospective students in such programs could be adversely
 affected, and, consequently, our ability to increase revenue or
 maintain profitability could be impaired. It is also critical to
 our success that we convert these prospective students to
 enrolled students in a cost-effective manner and

 39

Table of Contents

 that these enrolled students remain active in our programs. Some
 of the factors that could prevent us from successfully enrolling
 and retaining students in our programs include:

 • 

 the emergence of more attractive competitors;

 • 

 factors related to our marketing, including the cost and
 effectiveness of Internet advertising and broad-based branding
 campaigns;

 • 

 inability to expand program content and develop new programs in
 a timely and cost-effective manner;

 • 

 performance problems with or capacity constraints of our online
 education delivery systems;

 • 

 failure to maintain accreditation;

 • 

 inability to continue to recruit, train and retain quality
 faculty;

 • 

 student or employer dissatisfaction with the quality of our
 services and programs;

 • 

 student financial, personal or family constraints;

 • 

 adverse publicity regarding us, our competitors or online or
 for-profit education generally;

 • 

 tuition rate reductions by competitors that we are unwilling or
 unable to match;

 • 

 a decline in the acceptance of online education;

 • 

 increased regulation of online education, including in states in
 which we do not have a physical presence;

 • 

 a decrease in the perceived or actual economic benefits that
 students derive from our programs or education in
 general; and

 • 

 litigation or regulatory investigations that may damage our
 reputation.

 If the
 proportion of our students who are enrolled in our
 associate’s degree programs continues to increase, we may
 experience increased cost and reduced margins.

 In recent years, a substantial proportion of our overall growth
 has arisen from the increase in associate’s degree students
 enrolled in University of Phoenix. As a result of this, the
 proportion of our Degreed Enrollment composed of
 associate’s degree students has increased and may continue
 to increase in the future. While this growth has generated
 significant financial returns, we have experienced certain
 negative effects from this shift, such as an increase in our
 student loan cohort default rate. If this mix shift continues,
 we may experience additional consequences, such as higher cost
 per New Degreed Enrollment, lower retention rates
 and/or
 higher student services costs, an increase in the percentage of
 our revenue derived from Title IV funding under the 90/10
 Rule, more limited ability to implement tuition price increases
 and other effects that may adversely affect our operating
 results.

 System
 disruptions and security threats to our computer networks could
 have a material adverse effect on our business.

 The performance and reliability of our computer network
 infrastructure at our schools, including our online programs, is
 critical to our operations, reputation and ability to attract
 and retain students. Any computer system error or failure,
 regardless of cause, could cause network outages that disrupt
 our online and on-ground operations. We have only limited
 redundancies in our core computer network infrastructure, which
 is concentrated in a single geographic area. If we experience a
 catastrophic failure or unavailability for any reason of our
 principal data center, we may need to replicate the function of
 this data center at our existing remote data facility or
 elsewhere, which may require equipping and restoring activities
 that could take a week or more to complete. The disruption from
 such an event could significantly impact our operations and have
 a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 40

Table of Contents

 In addition, we face the threat to our computer systems of
 unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses and
 other security problems and system disruptions. We have devoted
 and will continue to devote significant resources to the
 security of our computer systems, but they may still be
 vulnerable to these threats. A user who circumvents security
 measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause
 interruptions or malfunctions in operations. As a result, we may
 be required to expend significant resources to protect against
 the threat of these system disruptions and security breaches or
 to alleviate problems caused by these disruptions and breaches,
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 We may
 not be able to successfully identify, pursue or integrate
 acquisitions; acquisitions may result in additional debt or
 dilution to our shareholders.

 As part of our growth strategy, we are actively considering
 acquisition opportunities in the U.S. and worldwide. We
 have acquired and expect to acquire additional proprietary
 educational institutions that complement our strategic
 direction, some of which could be material. Any acquisition
 involves significant risks and uncertainties, including:

 • 

 inability to successfully integrate the acquired operations,
 including the information technology systems, into our
 institutions and maintain uniform standards, controls, policies
 and procedures;

 • 

 distraction of management’s attention from normal business
 operations;

 • 

 challenges retaining the key employees of the acquired operation;

 • 

 possibly insufficient revenue generation to offset liabilities
 assumed;

 • 

 expenses associated with the acquisition;

 • 

 challenges relating to conforming non-compliant financial
 reporting procedures to those required of a subsidiary of a
 U.S. reporting company, including procedures required by
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; and

 • 

 unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence process,
 including commitments
 and/or
 contingencies.

 Acquisitions are inherently risky. We cannot be certain that our
 previous or future acquisitions will be successful and will not
 materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows. We may not be able to
 identify suitable acquisition opportunities, acquire
 institutions on favorable terms, or successfully integrate or
 profitably operate acquired institutions. Future transactions
 may involve use of our cash resources, issuance of equity or
 debt securities, incurrence of other forms of debt or a
 significant increase in our financial leverage, which could
 adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows, especially if the cash flows associated with any
 acquisition are not sufficient to cover the additional debt
 service. If we issue equity securities as consideration in an
 acquisition, current shareholders’ percentage ownership and
 earnings per share may be diluted. In addition, our acquisition
 of an educational institution could be considered a change in
 ownership and control of the acquired institution under
 applicable regulatory standards. For such an acquisition in the
 U.S., we may need approval from the U.S. Department of
 Education and applicable state agencies and accrediting agencies
 and possibly other regulatory bodies. Our inability to obtain
 such approvals with respect to a completed acquisition could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Our
 future operating results and the market price of our common
 stock could be materially adversely affected if we are required
 to write down the carrying value of goodwill and other
 intangible assets associated with any of our reporting units in
 the future.

 We review our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible
 asset balances for impairment on at least an annual basis
 through the application of a fair-value-based test. In assessing
 the fair value of our reporting units, we rely primarily on
 using a discounted cash flow analysis which includes our
 estimates about the future cash flows of our reporting units
 that are based on assumptions consistent with our plans to
 manage the underlying businesses. Other factors we consider
 include, but are not limited to, significant underperformance

 41

Table of Contents

 relative to expected historical or projected future operating
 results, significant changes in the manner or use of the
 acquired assets or the overall business strategy, and
 significant negative industry or economic trends. If our
 estimates or related assumptions change in the future, we may be
 required to record non-cash impairment charges for these assets.
 In the future, if we are required to significantly write down
 the carrying value of goodwill or other intangible assets
 associated with any of our reporting units, our operating
 results and the market price of our common stock may be
 materially adversely affected.

 If we
 do not maintain existing, and develop additional, relationships
 with employers, our future growth may be impaired.

 We currently have relationships with large employers to provide
 their employees with the opportunity to obtain degrees through
 us while continuing their employment. These relationships are an
 important part of our strategy as they provide us with a steady
 source of potential working learners for particular programs and
 also serve to increase our reputation among high-profile
 employers. In addition, these programs have a beneficial impact
 on our 90/10 Rule percentage calculation by reducing the
 proportion of our cash-basis revenues attributable to
 Title IV funds. If we are unable to develop new
 relationships, or if our existing relationships deteriorate or
 end, our efforts to seek these sources of potential working
 learners may be impaired, and this could materially and
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 Our
 principal credit agreement limits our ability to take various
 actions.

 Our principal credit agreement limits our ability to take
 various actions, including paying dividends, repurchasing shares
 and acquiring and disposing of assets or businesses.
 Accordingly, to the extent we have outstanding borrowings under
 our credit agreement, we may be restricted from taking actions
 that management believes would be desirable and in the best
 interests of us and our shareholders. Our principal credit
 agreement also requires us to satisfy specified financial and
 non-financial covenants. A breach of any covenants contained in
 our credit agreement could result in an event of default under
 the agreement and allow the lenders to pursue various remedies,
 including accelerating the repayment of any indebtedness
 outstanding under the agreement, any of which could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 Our
 financial performance depends, in part, on our ability to keep
 pace with changing market needs and technology; if we fail to
 keep pace or fail in implementing or adapting to new
 technologies, our business may be adversely
 affected.

 Increasingly, prospective employers of students who graduate
 from our schools demand that their new employees possess
 appropriate technological skills and also appropriate
 “soft” skills, such as communication, critical
 thinking and teamwork skills. These skills can evolve rapidly in
 a changing economic and technological environment. Accordingly,
 it is important for our schools’ educational programs to
 evolve in response to these economic and technological changes.
 The expansion of existing programs and the development of new
 programs may not be accepted by current or prospective students
 or the employers of our graduates. Even if our schools are able
 to develop acceptable new programs, our schools may not be able
 to begin offering those new programs as quickly as required by
 prospective employers or as quickly as our competitors offer
 similar programs. In addition, we may be unable to obtain
 specialized accreditations or licensures that may make certain
 programs desirable to students. To offer a new academic program,
 we may be required to obtain federal, state and accrediting
 agency approvals, which may be conditioned or delayed in a
 manner that could significantly affect our growth plans. In
 addition, to be eligible for Title IV programs, a new
 academic program may need to be certified by the
 U.S. Department of Education. If we are unable to
 adequately respond to changes in market requirements due to
 regulatory or financial constraints, unusually rapid
 technological changes, or other factors, our ability to attract
 and retain students could be impaired, the rates at which our
 graduates obtain jobs involving their fields of study could
 suffer, and our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.

 Establishing new academic programs or modifying existing
 programs requires us to make investments in management and
 capital expenditures, incur marketing expenses and reallocate
 other resources. We may have

 42

Table of Contents

 limited experience with the courses in new areas and may need to
 modify our systems and strategy or enter into arrangements with
 other educational institutions to provide new programs
 effectively and profitably. If we are unable to increase the
 number of students or offer new programs in a cost-effective
 manner, or are otherwise unable to manage effectively the
 operations of newly established academic programs, our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could
 be adversely affected.

 We have invested and continue to invest significant resources in
 information technology, which is a key element of our business
 strategy. Our information technology systems and tools could
 become impaired or obsolete due to our action or failure to act.
 For instance, we could install new information technology
 without accurately assessing its costs or benefits, or we could
 experience delayed or ineffective implementation of new
 information technology. Similarly, we could fail to respond in a
 timely or sufficiently competitive way to future technological
 developments in our industry. Should our action or failure to
 act impair or otherwise render our information technology less
 effective, this could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 A
 failure of our information systems to properly store, process
 and report relevant data may reduce our management’s
 effectiveness, interfere with our regulatory compliance and
 increase our operating expenses.

 We are heavily dependent on the integrity of our data management
 systems. If these systems do not effectively collect, store,
 process and report relevant data for the operation of our
 business, whether due to equipment malfunction or constraints,
 software deficiencies, or human error, our ability to
 effectively plan, forecast and execute our business plan and
 comply with applicable laws and regulations, including the
 Higher Education Act, as reauthorized, and the regulations
 thereunder, will be impaired, perhaps materially. Any such
 impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial
 condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

 The
 personal information that we collect may be vulnerable to
 breach, theft or loss that could adversely affect our reputation
 and operations.

 Possession and use of personal information in our operations
 subjects us to risks and costs that could harm our business. Our
 educational institutions collect, use and retain large amounts
 of personal information regarding our students and their
 families, including social security numbers, tax return
 information, personal and family financial data and credit card
 numbers. We also collect and maintain personal information of
 our employees in the ordinary course of our business. Some of
 this personal information is held and managed by certain of our
 vendors. Although we use security and business controls to limit
 access and use of personal information, a third party may be
 able to circumvent those security and business controls, which
 could result in a breach of student or employee privacy. In
 addition, errors in the storage, use or transmission of personal
 information could result in a breach of student or employee
 privacy. Possession and use of personal information in our
 operations also subjects us to legislative and regulatory
 burdens that could require notification of data breaches and
 restrict our use of personal information. We cannot assure you
 that a breach, loss or theft of personal information will not
 occur. A breach, theft or loss of personal information regarding
 our students and their families or our employees that is held by
 us or our vendors could have a material adverse effect on our
 reputation and results of operations and result in liability
 under state and federal privacy statutes and legal actions by
 state attorneys, general and private litigants, and any of which
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 We
 face intense competition in the postsecondary education market
 from both public and private educational institutions, which
 could adversely affect our business.

 Postsecondary education in our existing and new market areas is
 highly competitive. We compete with traditional public and
 private two-year and four-year colleges, other for-profit
 schools and alternatives to higher education, such as employment
 and military service. Some of our competitors, both public and
 private, have greater financial and other resources than we
 have. Our competitors, both public and private, may offer
 programs similar to ours at a lower tuition level as a result of
 government subsidies, government and foundation grants,
 tax-deductible contributions and other financial resources not
 available to for-profit institutions. In addition, many of our
 competitors have begun to offer distance learning and other
 online

 43

Table of Contents

 education programs. As the online and distance learning segment
 of the postsecondary education market matures, the intensity of
 the competition we face will increase further. This intense
 competition could adversely affect our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Our
 expansion into new markets outside the U.S. subjects us to risks
 inherent in international operations.

 As part of our growth strategy, through Apollo Global, Inc., our
 consolidated majority-owned subsidiary, we have acquired
 additional universities outside the U.S. and we intend to
 actively pursue further acquisitions. To the extent that we make
 such acquisitions, we will face risks that are inherent in
 international operations, including:

 • 

 complexity of operations across borders;

 • 

 compliance with foreign regulatory environments;

 • 

 currency exchange rate fluctuations;

 • 

 monetary policy risks, such as inflation, hyperinflation and
 deflation;

 • 

 price controls or restrictions on exchange of foreign currencies;

 • 

 potential political and economic instability in the countries in
 which we operate, including potential student uprisings;

 • 

 expropriation of assets by local governments;

 • 

 multiple and possibly overlapping and conflicting tax laws;

 • 

 compliance with U.S. regulations such as the Foreign
 Corrupt Practices Act;

 • 

 potential unionization of employees under local labor laws and
 local labor laws that make it more expensive and complex to
 negotiate with, retain or terminate employees;

 • 

 greater difficulty in utilizing and enforcing our intellectual
 property and contract rights;

 • 

 failure to understand the local culture and market;

 • 

 limitations on the repatriation of funds; and

 • 

 acts of terrorism and war, epidemics and natural disasters.

 Our
 acquisition and operation of BPP Holdings plc may not result in
 increased value.

 We acquired BPP in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. BPP faces
 several risks which may adversely impact our ability to
 successfully operate and grow its businesses, including:

 • 

 BPP’s success is strongly dependent on its reputation,
 which may be damaged by various factors including unfavorable
 public opinion in the United Kingdom regarding for-profit
 schools and ownership of BPP by a U.S. company;

 • 

 BPP’s Business School, is newly established and its future
 enrollment and success are currently unpredictable with any
 degree of certainty;

 • 

 the majority of BPP’s business, BPP Professional Education,
 is geared toward teaching for exams or to a syllabus set by
 external professional bodies (Test Preparation), and a change in
 the way in which subjects are examined, or a reduction in the
 size of the syllabus, could have a detrimental impact on BPP;

 • 

 BPP operates in markets where many of its competitors are
 charities or government sponsored colleges of higher education,
 which because of their legal classification do not have to
 charge sales tax (value added tax or “VAT”) to their
 students. BPP has legal structures in place that currently
 provide a similar status, and thus are able not to charge VAT
 for equivalent services or products. Any change in

 44

Table of Contents

 interpretation of the existing tax or legal regulations could
 put BPP at a competitive disadvantage and could result in a
 material tax liability to BPP;

 • 

 BPP has a significant concentration of students in the
 professional sector, mainly accounting and legal, and adverse
 changes in the economic environment for these professions could
 reduce demand for BPP’s services and adversely affect its
 operations;

 • 

 BPP has a large fixed cost base and may not be able to
 effectively respond to decreases in revenue; and

 • 

 The BPP College of Professional Studies is the first proprietary
 postsecondary institution to be granted degree awarding powers
 in the U.K. and, as such, is likely to be the first to face
 reauthorization when its current authority expires in August
 2013. The criteria for reauthorization have not yet been
 developed and therefore the nature of the process is uncertain
 at this point. Any impairment of the College’s degree
 awarding powers would materially and adversely affect BPP’s
 business.

 We may
 experience movements in foreign currency exchange rates which
 could negatively affect our operating results.

 We report revenues, costs and earnings in U.S. dollars.
 Exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the local
 currency in the countries where we operate are likely to
 fluctuate from period to period. Because consolidated financial
 results are reported in U.S. dollars, we are subject to the
 risk of translation losses for reporting purposes. When the
 U.S. dollar appreciates against the applicable local
 currency in any reporting period, the actual earnings generated
 by our business in that country are diminished in the
 translation.

 As we continue to expand our international operations, we will
 conduct more transactions in currencies other than the
 U.S. Dollar. Additionally, the volume of transactions in
 the various foreign currencies will continue to increase. To the
 extent that foreign revenue and expense transactions are not
 denominated in the local currency
 and/or to
 the extent foreign earnings are reinvested in a currency other
 than their functional currency, we are also subject to the risk
 of transaction losses. Given the volatility of exchange rates,
 there is no assurance that we will be able to effectively manage
 currency transaction

and/or
 translation risks. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
 rates could have a material adverse affect on our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 We
 rely on proprietary rights and intellectual property that may
 not be adequately protected under current laws, and we encounter
 disputes from time to time relating to our use of intellectual
 property.

 Our success depends in part on our ability to protect our
 proprietary rights and intellectual property. We rely on a
 combination of copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents,
 domain names and contractual agreements to protect our
 proprietary rights. For example, we rely on trademark protection
 in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions to protect
 our rights to various marks as well as distinctive logos and
 other marks associated with our services. We also rely on
 agreements under which we obtain intellectual property to own or
 license rights to use intellectual property developed by faculty
 members, content experts and other third-parties. We cannot
 assure you that these measures are adequate, that we have
 secured, or will be able to secure, appropriate permissions or
 protections for all of the intellectual property rights we use
 or claim rights to in the U.S. or various foreign
 jurisdictions, or that third parties will not terminate our
 license rights or infringe upon or otherwise violate our
 intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights
 of others. Despite our efforts to protect these rights,
 unauthorized third parties may attempt to use, duplicate or copy
 the proprietary aspects of our student recruitment and
 educational delivery methods and systems, curricula, online
 resource material or other content. Our management’s
 attention may be diverted by these attempts and we may need to
 use funds in litigation to protect our proprietary rights
 against any infringement or violation, which could have a
 material adverse affect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 We may become party to disputes from time to time over rights
 and obligations concerning intellectual property, and we may not
 prevail in these disputes. For example, third parties may allege
 that we have infringed upon or not obtained sufficient rights in
 the technologies used in our educational delivery systems, the
 content of our courses or other training materials or in our
 ownership or uses of other intellectual property

 45

Table of Contents

 claimed by that third party. Some third party intellectual
 property rights may prove to be extremely broad, and it may not
 be possible for us to conduct our operations in such a way as to
 avoid violating those intellectual property rights. Any such
 intellectual property claim could subject us to costly
 litigation and impose a significant strain on our financial
 resources and management personnel regardless of whether such
 claim has merit. Our various liability insurance coverages, if
 any, may not cover potential claims of this type adequately or
 at all, and we may be required to alter the design and operation
 of our systems or the content of our courses or pay monetary
 damages or license fees to third parties, which could have a
 material adverse affect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 We may
 incur liability for the unauthorized duplication, distribution
 or other use of materials posted online.

 In some instances, our employees, including faculty members, or
 our students may post various articles or other third-party
 content online in class discussion boards or in other venues. We
 may incur liability to third parties for the unauthorized
 duplication, distribution or other use of this material. Any
 such claims could subject us to costly litigation and impose a
 significant strain on our financial resources and management
 personnel regardless of whether the claims have merit. Our
 various liability insurance coverages, if any, may not cover
 potential claims of this type adequately or at all, and we may
 be required to alter or cease our uses of such material (which
 may include changing or removing content from our courses) or
 pay monetary damages, which could have a material adverse affect
 on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows.

 Our
 Insight Schools business faces regulatory and administrative
 challenges in various states which may result in the imposition
 of fines and other penalties and may reduce the value we receive
 upon disposition of that business.

 Most of Insight Schools’ online public high schools have
 undergone or expect to undergo compliance audits by state
 regulatory authorities. Adverse audit findings could result in a
 reduction in the amount of state funding, repayment of
 previously received state funding or other economic sanctions.
 In extreme circumstances, adverse findings could result in
 termination of agreements with Insight Schools by governing
 authorities or by
 not-for-profit
 charter holders. Additionally, materially adverse findings could
 result in revocation or termination of a charter school’s
 charter. Each of these events could have a materially adverse
 effect on Insight Schools’ business.

 We have made the decision to explore the disposition of our
 Insight Schools operations. There is no assurance that we can
 dispose of these operations on terms acceptable to us or at all,
 and we may experience a loss upon any such disposition or, in
 lieu thereof, discontinuation. If we are not successful in
 correcting Insight Schools’ compliance challenges, the
 value of Insight Schools may be diminished, perhaps
 substantially. The reduction in the value of Insight Schools or
 the disposition or discontinuation of Insight Schools at a loss
 could have a material adverse effect our financial condition.

 We may
 have unanticipated tax liabilities that could adversely impact
 our financial position.

 We are subject to multiple types of taxes in the U.S., United
 Kingdom and various other foreign jurisdictions. The
 determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and
 other tax accruals involve various judgments, and therefore the
 ultimate tax determination is subject to uncertainty. We are
 currently subject to the following Internal Revenue Service
 audits:

 • 

 Audit relating to our U.S. federal income tax returns for
 fiscal years 2003 through 2005 commenced in September 2006. In
 February 2009, the Internal Revenue Service issued an
 examination report and proposed to disallow deductions relating
 to stock option compensation in excess of the limitations of
 Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m). Under
 Section 162(m), the amount of such deduction per covered
 executive officer is limited to $1.0 million per year,
 except to the extent the compensation qualifies as
 performance-based. Compensation attributable to options with
 revised measurement dates may not have qualified as
 performance-based compensation. The Internal Revenue Service
 examination report also proposed the additions of penalties and
 interest. The proposed adjustments, including

 46

Table of Contents

 penalties and interest, are consistent with our prior accruals
 relating to this issue. In addition, we expensed an additional
 $2.4 million in fiscal year 2009 related to interest, for a
 total accrual of $50.0 million as of August 31, 2009
 with respect to this uncertain tax position for the taxable
 years 2003 through 2006. On March 6, 2009, we commenced
 administrative proceedings with the Office of Appeals of the
 Internal Revenue Service challenging the proposed adjustments,
 including penalties and interest. We believe this matter will be
 settled within 12 months and the accrual is now classified
 as short-term. In October of 2009, we reached an agreement in
 principle subject to negotiation of final documentation with the
 Internal Revenue Service Office of Appeals to settle this matter
 for less than the $50 million we have accrued at
 August 31, 2009. The settlement, when finalized, will
 result in a reduction in the amount currently accrued and a
 related decrease in our effective tax rate for a portion of that
 reduced accrual.

 • 

 An audit relating to our U.S. federal income tax returns
 for the years ended in 2006, 2007 and 2008 commenced in fiscal
 year 2009.

 In addition to the above audits, we are subject to numerous
 ongoing audits by state, local and foreign tax authorities.
 Although we believe our tax accruals are reasonable, the final
 determination of tax audits in the U.S. or abroad and any
 related litigation could be materially different from our
 historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an
 audit or litigation could have a material effect on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 Changes in tax rules may adversely affect our future reported
 financial results or the way we conduct our business. In May
 2009, President Obama’s administration proposed significant
 changes to the U.S. international tax laws, including
 changes that would limit U.S. tax deductions for expenses
 related to un-repatriated foreign-source income and modify the
 U.S. foreign tax credit and
 “check-the-box”
 rules. We cannot determine whether these proposals will be
 enacted into law or what, if any, changes may be made to such
 proposals prior to their being enacted into law. If these or
 other changes to the U.S. international tax laws are
 enacted they could have a material effect on our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 We are
 subject to the oversight of the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and other regulatory agencies, and investigations by
 these agencies could divert management’s focus and have a
 material adverse impact on our reputation and financial
 condition.

 As a result of this government regulation and oversight, we may
 be subject to legal and administrative proceedings. For example,
 during fiscal year 2007, we were the subject of a Securities and
 Exchange Commission inquiry and a Department of Justice
 investigation related to our historical stock option grant
 practices. In addition, during October 2009, we received
 notification from the Enforcement Division of the Securities and
 Exchange Commission indicating that they had commenced an
 informal inquiry into our revenue recognition practices. We
 devoted a substantial amount of senior executive time and
 incurred significant legal costs in connection with the 2007
 inquiry and, while the scope, duration and outcome of the
 current inquiry cannot be determined at this time, we may have
 to devote substantial time and incur substantial legal and other
 expenses in connection with the current inquiry. The costs of
 responding to, and the publicity surrounding investigations or
 enforcement actions by the Securities and Exchange Commission or
 the Department of Justice, even if ultimately resolved favorably
 for us, could have a material adverse impact on our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.