— Risks Related to the Highly
 Regulated Industry in Which We Operate.

 We collected approximately 77% of our fiscal year 2008 revenues
 from receipt of Title IV funds, principally from Federal
 Stafford Loans, commonly referred to as FFELP loans, and Pell
 Grants.

 Federal Stafford Loans are the most significant source of
 U.S. federal student aid and are low interest, federally
 guaranteed loans made by private lenders. Annual and aggregate
 loan limits apply based on the student’s grade level. There
 are two types of Stafford Loans: subsidized Stafford Loans,
 which are based on the U.S. federal statutory calculation
 of student need, and unsubsidized Stafford Loans, which are not
 need-based. Neither Stafford Loan is based on creditworthiness.
 The U.S. federal government pays the interest on subsidized
 Stafford Loans while the student is enrolled in school; the
 borrower is responsible for the interest on unsubsidized
 Stafford Loans regardless of school attendance. The student has
 the option to defer payment on the principal and interest while
 enrolled in school. Repayment on Stafford Loans begins six
 months after the date the student ceases enrollment. The loan
 may be paid back to the lender over the course of up to
 10 years or longer. Both graduate and undergraduate
 students may apply for Stafford Loans. During fiscal year 2008,
 Stafford Loans represented approximately 67% of our revenue.

 Federal Pell Grants are generally awarded based on need only to
 undergraduate students who have not earned a bachelor’s or
 professional degree. Unlike loans, Pell Grants do not have to be
 repaid. During fiscal year 2008, Pell Grants represented
 approximately 9% of our revenue.

 During fiscal year 2008, all other Title IV programs
 represented less than 1% of our revenue.

 21

Table of Contents

 International

 Government financial aid funding for students enrolled in our
 international institutions generally is not widely available.

 Domestic
 High School

 The online schools that Insight Schools operates under
 contractual arrangements are tuition-free to students and
 families and no financial aid is required. These schools are
 governed and overseen by either a school district or other state
 education authority, or an independent charter school board. We
 receive funds for products and services rendered to operate
 online schools under detailed service agreements with that
 governing authority. Online public schools are typically funded
 by state or local governments on a per student basis.

 Regulatory
 Environment

 Domestic
 Postsecondary

 Regulatory provisions in the U.S. significantly affect our
 domestic operations. New or revised interpretations of
 regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on
 us. In addition, changes in or new interpretations of applicable
 laws, rules, or regulations could have a material adverse effect
 on our accreditation, authorization to operate in various
 states, permissible activities, and costs of doing business. The
 failure to maintain or renew any required regulatory approvals,
 accreditation, or state authorizations could have a material
 adverse effect on us. See Item 1A, Risk
 Factors — Risks Related to the Highly Regulated
 Industry in Which We Operate.

 The Higher Education Act of 1965, as reauthorized by the Higher
 Education Opportunity Act, and the related regulations govern
 all higher education institutions participating in
 U.S. Title IV federal financial aid programs. The
 Higher Education Act was reauthorized by the Higher Education
 Opportunity Act through September 30, 2013 by Congress and
 signed into law by the President on August 14, 2008. The
 Higher Education Act mandates specific additional regulatory
 responsibilities for each of the following:

 • 

 the accrediting agencies recognized by the Department of
 Education;

 • 

 the federal government through the Department of
 Education; and

 • 

 state higher education regulatory bodies.

 All higher education institutions participating in Title IV
 programs must be accredited by an accrediting body recognized by
 the Department of Education. The Department of Education
 periodically reviews all participating institutions for
 compliance with all applicable standards and regulations under
 the Higher Education Act. In the course of other discussions
 with the Department of Education, we were informed that we
 likely will be the subject of an ordinary course, focused
 program review during fiscal 2009.

 University of Phoenix and Western International University
 currently meet the requirements for Title IV participation.
 As eligible institutions, University of Phoenix and Western
 International University must comply with Title IV
 regulatory requirements. The most significant requirements are
 summarized below.

 Eligibility and Certification Procedures.  The
 Higher Education Act specifies the manner in which the
 Department of Education reviews institutions for eligibility and
 certification to participate in Title IV programs. Every
 educational institution involved in Title IV programs must
 be certified to participate and is required to periodically
 renew this certification. University of Phoenix was recertified
 in June 2003 and its current certification for the Title IV
 programs expired in June 2007. However, in March 2007 University
 of Phoenix submitted its Title IV program participation
 recertification application to the Department of Education. We
 have been collaborating with the Department of Education
 regarding the University of Phoenix recertification application.
 Although we have submitted our application for renewal, we are
 continuing to supply additional

follow-up
 information based on requests from the Department of Education.
 Our eligibility continues on a month-to-month basis until the
 Department of Education issues its decision on the application.
 A month-to-month status is not unusual considering the process
 is multi-faceted and iterative. We have no reason to believe
 that the application will not be renewed and

 22

Table of Contents

 expect that the renewal process will be completed
 satisfactorily. Western International University was recertified
 in October 2003 and its current certification for the
 Title IV programs expires in June 2009.

 Student Loan Defaults.  To remain eligible to
 participate in Title IV programs, educational institutions
 must maintain an appropriate student loan cohort default rate.
 The Department of Education reviews an educational
 institution’s cohort default rate annually as a measure of
 administrative capability. The cohort is the group of students
 who first enter into student loan repayment during a federal
 fiscal year (ending September 30). The cohort default rate for
 each cohort is the percentage of the students in the cohort who
 default on their student loans prior to the end of the following
 federal fiscal year. The cohort default rates are published by
 the Department of Education approximately 12 months after
 the end of the measuring period. Thus, in September 2008 the
 Department of Education published the cohort default rates for
 the 2006 cohort, which measured the percentage of students who
 first entered into repayment during the year ended
 September 30, 2006 and defaulted prior to
 September 30, 2007.

 If an educational institution’s cohort default rate exceeds
 10% for any one of the three preceding years, it must delay for
 30 days the release of the first disbursement of
 U.S. federal student loan proceeds to first time borrowers
 enrolled in the first year of an undergraduate program. If an
 institution’s cohort default rate exceeds 25% for three
 consecutive years or exceeds 40% in any one year, it will be
 ineligible to participate in Title IV programs and, as a
 result, its students would not be eligible for federal student
 financial aid.

 The cohort default rates for University of Phoenix, Western
 International University and for all proprietary postsecondary
 institutions for the federal fiscal year periods 2006, 2005 and
 2004 were as follows:

 Year Ended September 30,

 2006

 2005

 2004

 University of Phoenix

 7.2

 %

 7.3

 %

 7.5

 %

 Western International University

 27.4

 %

 11.4

 %

 5.6

 %

 All proprietary postsecondary institutions(1)

 9.7

 %

 8.2

 %

 8.6

 %

 (1) 

 Information published by the U.S. Department of Education.

 The University of Phoenix cohort default rate has ranged from
 approximately 4% to 7.5% over the past 13 years. We
 anticipate that the 2007 University of Phoenix cohort default
 rate for the period ending September 30, 2008 will be
 higher than in prior periods, but lower than 10%. However, this
 cohort default rate is not yet finalized and could exceed 10%.
 This expected increase in the rate is the result of our
 transitioning associate’s degree students from Western
 International University to University of Phoenix beginning in
 April 2006 and the general expansion of the University of
 Phoenix associate’s degree program. Student loan default
 rates tend to be higher in our associate’s degree student
 population than in our bachelor’s and graduate degree
 student populations. Should the University of Phoenix cohort
 default rate exceed 10%, we do not expect a significant impact
 on our operations or financial condition since the resulting
 delay of up to 30 days in the disbursement of Title IV
 funds would apply only to the first disbursement to first time
 borrowers in a first year undergraduate program. The total
 amount of these first disbursements during fiscal year 2008 that
 would have been affected by this delay was less than 10% of our
 fiscal year 2008 revenues.

 The recent increase in Western International University’s
 cohort default rate is due to the enrollment of associate’s
 degree students in Western International University from
 September 2004 through March 2006. With the transition of the
 associate’s degree program to University of Phoenix in
 April 2006, we anticipate a decrease in student loan defaults
 for Western International University beginning in the 2007
 cohort default rate reporting period ending September 30,
 2008. We do not expect that the consequences to us of Western
 International University’s 27.4% cohort default rate will
 be material.

 We have implemented initiatives to mitigate the increased risk
 of student loan defaults for University of Phoenix and Western
 International University students. We have dedicated resources
 focused on assisting the students who are at risk of default.
 These dedicated resources contact students and offer assistance,
 which includes providing students with specific loan repayment
 information, lender contact information and attempts to transfer
 these students to the lender to resolve their delinquency. In
 addition, we have refined and improved our student retention
 programs, resulting in improved student retention rates.
 Accordingly, we believe that the increase in

 23

Table of Contents

 cohort default rates for University of Phoenix arising from the
 increased proportion of associate’s degree students will be
 significantly less pronounced than it was for Western
 International University.

 The cohort default rate requirements were modified by the Higher
 Education Opportunity Act enacted in August 2008. As modified,
 effective for the federal fiscal year 2009 cohort, the measuring
 period for the cohort default rate will be increased to the end
 of the second year after a student first enters repayment,
 rather than the end of the first year following the commencement
 of repayment. Accordingly, the cohort default rate for the 2009
 cohort will measure the percentage of students entering student
 loan repayment during the year ended September 30, 2009 who
 default on their student loans prior to September 30, 2011.

 The Higher Education Opportunity Act also increased the cohort
 default rate thresholds for imposition of penalties for the
 federal fiscal year 2009 cohort as follows:

 • 

 The single-year 10% cohort default rate trigger, which would
 result in a required
 30-day delay
 in disbursing loan proceeds to first year, first time borrowers,
 will be increased to 15%;

 • 

 The three-year 25% cohort default rate trigger, which would
 result in Title IV ineligibility, will be increased to 30%
 per year for three consecutive years; and

 • 

 The single-year 40% cohort default rate trigger, which would
 result in Title IV ineligibility, is unchanged.

 We cannot at this point predict the impact of this change,
 including whether the increase in cohort default rates due to
 the additional one year measuring period will exceed the
 increases in permitted cohort default rate levels for imposition
 of penalties.

 Administrative Capability.  The Higher
 Education Act directs the Department of Education to assess the
 administrative capability of each institution to participate in
 Title IV programs. The failure of an institution to satisfy
 any of the criteria used to assess administrative capability may
 allow the Department of Education to determine that the
 institution lacks administrative capability and, therefore, may
 be subject to additional scrutiny or denied eligibility for
 Title IV programs.

 Standards of Financial
 Responsibility.  Pursuant to the Title IV
 regulations, as revised, each eligible higher education
 institution must satisfy the minimum standard established for
 three tests which assess the financial condition of the
 institution at the end of the institution’s fiscal year.
 The three tests measure primary reserve, equity, and net income
 ratios by using information from the institution’s audited
 financial statements. These ratios take into account the total
 financial resources of the school. The Primary Reserve Ratio is
 a measure of an institution’s financial viability and
 liquidity. The Equity Ratio is a measure of an
 institution’s capital resources and its ability to borrow.
 The Net Income Ratio is a measure of an institution’s
 profitability. These tests provide three individual scores which
 are converted into a single composite score. The maximum
 composite score is 3.0. If the institution achieves a composite
 score of at least 1.5, it is considered financially responsible.
 A composite score from 1.0 to 1.4 is considered financially
 responsible, subject to additional monitoring and other
 consequences, and the institution may continue to participate as
 a financially responsible institution for up to three years. If
 an institution does not achieve a composite score of at least
 1.0, it can be transferred from the “advance” system
 of payment of Title IV funds to cash monitoring status or
 to the “reimbursement” system of payment, under which
 the institution must disburse its own funds to students and
 document the students’ eligibility for Title IV
 program funds before receiving such funds from the Department of
 Education. As of August 31, 2008 and 2007, Apollo’s
 composite score was 2.7 and 2.6, respectively.

 Limits on Title IV Program Funds.  The
 Title IV regulations define the types of educational
 programs offered by an institution that qualify for
 Title IV program funds. For students enrolled in qualified
 programs, the Title IV regulations place limits on the
 amount of Title IV program funds that a student is eligible
 to receive in any one academic year, as defined by the
 Department of Education. An academic year must consist of at
 least 30 weeks of instructional time and a minimum of 24
 credit hours. Most of University of Phoenix’s and Western
 International University’s degree programs meet the
 academic year minimum definition of 30 weeks of
 instructional time and 24 credit hours and, therefore,
 qualify for Title IV program funds. The programs that do
 not qualify for Title IV program funds consist primarily of
 corporate training programs and certain certificate and
 continuing professional education programs. These programs are
 paid for directly by the students or their employers.

 24

Table of Contents

 Restricted Cash.  The Department of Education
 places restrictions on excess Title IV program funds
 collected for unbilled tuition and fees transferred to
 University of Phoenix, Western International University or IPD
 Client Institutions. If an institution holds excess
 Title IV program funds with student authorization, the
 institution must maintain, at all times, cash in its bank
 account (not an escrow account) in an amount at least equal to
 the amount of funds the institution holds for students.

 The “90/10 Rule.”  A requirement of
 the Higher Education Act, as reauthorized by the Higher
 Education Opportunity Act, commonly referred to as the
 “90/10 Rule,” applies only to for profit institutions
 of higher education, which includes University of Phoenix and
 Western International University. Under this rule, a for profit
 institution will be ineligible to participate in Title IV
 programs if it derives more than 90% of its cash basis revenue,
 as defined pursuant to the Higher Education Act and Department
 of Education regulations, from Title IV programs for any
 two consecutive fiscal years. An institution that derived more
 than 90% of its revenue from Title IV programs for any
 single fiscal year will be placed on provisional certification
 and will be subject to possible additional sanctions by the
 Department of Education. University of Phoenix and Western
 International University are required to calculate this
 percentage at the end of each fiscal year. University of
 Phoenix’s and Western International University’s
 percentages were 82% and 50%, respectively, for the fiscal year
 ended August 31, 2008. In May 2008, the Ensuring Continued
 Access to Student Loans Act increased the annual loan limits on
 federal unsubsidized student loans by $2,000 for certain
 students, and also increased the aggregate loan limits (over the
 course of a student’s education) on total federal student
 loans for certain students. This increase in student loan limits
 could increase the amount of Title IV program funds used or
 deemed to be used by students to satisfy tuition, fees and other
 costs incurred, which may increase the proportion of our revenue
 deemed to be from Title IV programs. The Higher Education
 Opportunity Act provides temporary relief from the impact of
 these loan limit increases by allowing the exclusion from the
 calculation of the

90/10 Rule
 amounts received arising from the increased annual loan limits
 between July 1, 2008 and July 1, 2011. The Act makes
 additional changes to the

90/10 Rule
 calculation that will have the effect, if any, of reducing the
 proportion of revenue deemed to be from Title IV programs.
 Because there are various uncertainties about the manner in
 which these changes to the calculation should be implemented, we
 calculated the above percentages without regard to the temporary
 relief or other changes. As a result, we believe if we took into
 account the temporary relief and other changes the above
 percentages may be reduced by an immaterial amount.

 Compensation of Representatives.  The Higher
 Education Act prohibits an institution from providing any
 commission, bonus or other incentive payment based directly or
 indirectly on success in securing enrollments or financial aid
 to any person or entity engaged in any student recruitment,
 admission, or financial aid awarding activity. Title IV
 regulations provide safe harbors for activities and arrangements
 that an institution may carry out without violating the Higher
 Education Act, which include, but are not limited to, the
 payment of fixed compensation (annual salary), as long as that
 compensation is not adjusted up or down more than twice during
 any 
12-month
 period, and any adjustment is not based solely on the number of
 students recruited, admitted, enrolled, or awarded financial
 aid. University of Phoenix, Western International University,
 and IPD believe that their current methods of compensating
 enrollment counselors and financial aid staff comply with the
 Title IV regulations. See Note 17, Commitments and
 Contingencies, in Item 8, 
Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data, regarding the Incentive Compensation
 False Claims Act lawsuit.

 Authorizations for New Locations.  University
 of Phoenix and Western International University are required to
 have authorization to operate as degree-granting institutions in
 each state where they physically provide educational programs.
 Certain states accept accreditation as evidence of meeting
 minimum state standards for authorization or for exempting the
 institution entirely from formal state licensure or approval.
 Other states require separate evaluations for authorization.
 Depending on the state, the addition of a degree program not
 offered previously or the addition of a new location must be
 included in the institution’s accreditation and be approved
 by the appropriate state authorization agency. University of
 Phoenix and Western International University are currently
 authorized to operate in all states in which they have physical
 locations.

 The Higher Learning Commission requires University of Phoenix
 and Western International University to obtain its prior
 approval before it is permitted to expand into new locations to
 conduct instructional activities.

 25

Table of Contents

 Branching and Classroom Locations.  The
 Title IV regulations contain specific requirements
 governing the establishment of new main campuses, branch
 campuses and classroom locations at which the eligible
 institution offers, or could offer, 50% or more of an
 educational program. In addition to classrooms at campuses and
 learning centers, locations affected by these requirements
 include the business facilities of client companies, military
 bases and conference facilities used by University of Phoenix
 and Western International University. The Department of
 Education requires that the institution notify the Department of
 Education of each location prior to disbursing Title IV
 program funds to students at that location. University of
 Phoenix and Western International University have procedures in
 place to ensure timely notification and acquisition of all
 necessary location approvals prior to disbursing Title IV
 funds to students attending any new location.

 Change of Ownership or Control.  A change of
 ownership or control, depending on the type of change, may have
 significant regulatory consequences for University of Phoenix
 and Western International University. Such a change of ownership
 or control could trigger recertification by the Department of
 Education, reauthorization by state licensing agencies, or the
 reevaluation of the accreditation by The Higher Learning
 Commission.

 The Department of Education has adopted the change of ownership
 and control standards used by the U.S. federal securities
 laws for institutions owned by publicly-held corporations. Upon
 a change of ownership and control sufficient to require us to
 file a
 Form 8-K
 with the SEC, or a change in the identity of a controlling
 shareholder of the Apollo Group, University of Phoenix

and/or
 Western International University may cease to be eligible to
 participate in Title IV programs until recertified by the
 Department of Education. Under some circumstances, the
 Department of Education may continue the institution’s
 participation in the Title IV programs on a temporary
 provisional basis pending completion of the change in ownership
 approval process. In addition, some states where University of
 Phoenix, Western International University or CFP are presently
 licensed have requirements governing change of ownership or
 control that require approval of the change to remain authorized
 to operate in those states. See Item 1A, 
Risk
 Factors — Our Executive Chairman and Vice Chairman of
 the Board control 100% of our voting stock and control
 substantially all actions requiring the vote or consent of our
 shareholders. Moreover, University of Phoenix, Western
 International University and CFP are required to report any
 material change in stock ownership to The Higher Learning
 Commission. In the event of a material change in stock
 ownership, The Higher Learning Commission may seek to evaluate
 the effect of such a change on the continuing operations of
 University of Phoenix, Western International University and CFP.

 New Department of Education Reporting and Disclosure
 requirements.  The Higher Education Opportunity
 Act includes various provisions aimed at the rising cost of
 postsecondary education and other efforts for more transparency.
 Beginning July 1, 2011, the Department of Education will
 publish national lists disclosing the top five percent in each
 of nine institutional categories with the highest college costs
 and largest percentage increases.

 Department of Education Audits and Other
 Matters.  From time to time as part of the normal
 course of business, University of Phoenix and Western
 International University are subject to periodic program reviews
 and audits by regulating bodies as a result of their
 participation in Title IV programs. On December 22,
 2005, the Department of Education’s Office of Inspector
 General issued an audit report on its review of University of
 Phoenix’s policies and procedures for the calculation and
 return of Title IV funds. The Office of Inspector General
 concluded that University of Phoenix had policies and procedures
 that provided reasonable assurance that it properly identified
 withdrawn students, appropriately determined whether a return of
 Title IV funds was required, returned Title IV funds
 for withdrawn students in a timely manner and used appropriate
 methodologies for most aspects of calculating the return of
 Title IV funds. The Office of Inspector General did
 conclude, however, that University of Phoenix did not use
 appropriate methodologies for calculating the percentage of
 Title IV financial aid earned from September 1, 2002
 through December 7, 2004. Since December 8, 2004,
 University of Phoenix has adopted the methodologies deemed
 appropriate by the Department of Education. On November 3,
 2006, the Department of Education issued a preliminary audit
 determination letter concerning University of Phoenix’s
 administration of the Title IV federal student aid programs
 regarding this matter and requested University of Phoenix to
 conduct a file review of all students who received Title IV
 funds and for whom a return of funds calculation was performed,
 or should have been performed, during the period from
 March 1, 2004 through December 7, 2004. On
 June 7, 2007, University of Phoenix responded to the
 preliminary audit determination letter request with results of
 the file review. On January 10, 2008, the Department of
 Education issued a final audit determination letter regarding
 the return of Title IV funds. As of August 31, 2007,
 University of Phoenix had

 26

Table of Contents

 accrued $3.7 million related to the refund liability and in
 the second quarter of fiscal year 2008 recorded an additional
 charge of $0.5 million. Under the final audit determination
 letter, University of Phoenix returned approximately
 $4.2 million for the recalculated Title IV funds,
 which included the repayment of interest and special allowance
 of approximately $0.5 million, as calculated by the
 Department of Education as of February 29, 2008, which
 satisfied our obligation under the final audit determination
 letter.

 U.S. federal regulations require institutions and
 third-party servicers to submit annually to the Secretary of
 Education their student financial aid compliance audit, prepared
 by an independent auditor, no later than six months after the
 last day of the institution’s or third-party
 servicer’s fiscal year. University of Phoenix and Western
 International University have timely submitted their respective
 fiscal year 2007 annual student financial aid compliance audits.
 The IPD student financial aid compliance audit for fiscal year
 2007 was submitted late in June 2008. We do not expect this
 late submission to have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial position, results of operations, or cash
 flows.

 During an internal review of certain Title IV policies and
 procedures, it came to our attention that certain Satisfactory
 Academic Progress calculations being performed by the University
 of Phoenix and Western Internal University systems may have
 failed to properly identify students who should have been placed
 on financial aid suspension. Additionally, we determined that we
 may have been inadvertently disbursing certain funds under one
 minor Federal grant program. These matters have been
 self-reported to the U.S. Department of Education and are
 pending further action. We have accrued our best estimate of the
 losses that may arise from these compliance issues in our
 consolidated financial statements as of August 31, 2008.
 Such amount is not material for separate disclosure.

 International

 Governmental regulations in foreign countries significantly
 affect our international operations. New or revised
 interpretations of regulatory requirements could have a material
 adverse effect on us. Changes in or new interpretations of
 applicable laws, rules, or regulations in the foreign
 jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material adverse
 effect on our accreditation, authorization to operate,
 permissible activities, and costs of doing business outside of
 the U.S. The failure to maintain or renew any required
 regulatory approvals, accreditation, or state authorizations
 could have a material adverse effect on our international
 operations. See Accreditation and Jurisdictional
 Authorizations, above, and Item 1A, 
Risk
 Factors — Risks Related to the Highly Regulated
 Industry in Which We Operate.

 Domestic
 High School

 The online public schools that Insight Schools operates under
 contractual arrangements are subject to state regulations that
 authorize or restrict Insight Schools’ ability to operate
 such schools. Insight Schools operates programs that are
 designed to comply with state educational and fiscal standards.
 Each state independently determines its own requirements, and
 Insight Schools must modify its program as required. Several
 states mandate compulsory proctored examinations, which Insight
 Schools administers at rented locations. In addition, there are
 state laws and regulations applicable to online public schools
 that directly impact our business by restricting online public
 school growth and funding, and indirectly affect our business by
 affecting online public schools’ ability to receive
 government funding. Finally, to the extent an online school
 obtains federal funds, such as through a grant program or
 financial support dedicated for the education of low-income
 families, these schools then become subject to additional
 federal regulation. For additional information on regulations
 related to online public schools, see Item 1A, Risk
 Factors — Risks Related to the Highly Regulated
 Industry in Which We Operate.

 State Laws Authorizing or Restricting Online Public
 Schools.  The authority to operate an online
 public school is dependent on the laws and regulations of each
 state. Laws and regulations vary significantly from one state to
 the next and are constantly evolving.

 The online public schools that Insight Schools operates under
 contractual arrangements are often governed and overseen by
 either a school district or other state education authority, or
 a not-for-profit charter school board. We receive funds for
 products and services rendered to operate online schools under
 detailed service agreements with that governing authority.
 Online public schools are typically funded by state or local
 governments on a per student basis. An online school that fails
 to comply with the state laws and regulations applicable to it
 may be required to repay these funds and could become ineligible
 for receipt of future state funds.

 27

Table of Contents

 To be eligible for state funding, some states require that the
 charter for an online school be held by a not-for-profit entity
 exempt from taxation under Section 501(c)(3) of the
 Internal Revenue Code. The schools must then be operated
 exclusively for charitable educational purposes, and not for the
 benefit of private, for-profit management companies. The board
 or governing authority of the not-for-profit entity must retain
 ultimate accountability for the school’s operations to
 retain its tax-exempt status. It may not delegate its
 responsibility and accountability for the school’s
 operations. Accordingly, our contractual arrangements with these
 online schools must be structured to ensure the full
 independence of the not-for-profit’s board and preserve the
 board’s ability to exercise its fiduciary obligations to
 operate an online public school. If our contracts or course of
 performance causes the IRS to successfully challenge a
 not-for-profit entity’s status as exempt under
 Section 501(c)(3), the school may be rendered ineligible to
 hold the charter and receive public funds and may be required to
 refund previous payments.

 States have additional laws and regulations for online public
 schools concerning faculty requirements, benefit regulations,
 background checks and reporting criminal activity including
 child abuse or neglect, among other requirements.

 Regulations Restricting Online Public School Growth and
 Funding.  As a new public schooling alternative,
 some state and regulatory authorities have elected to proceed
 cautiously with online public schools while providing
 opportunities for taxpayer families seeking this alternative.
 Regulations that control the growth of online public schools
 range from prescribing the number of schools in a state to
 limiting the percentage of time students may receive instruction
 online. Funding regulations can also have an impact.

 Federal and State Grants.  We have worked with
 certain entities to secure public and grant funding that flows
 to online public schools that we serve. These grants are awarded
 to the not-for-profit entity that holds the charter of the
 online public school on a competitive basis in some instances
 and on an entitlement basis in other instances. Grants awarded
 to public schools and programs — whether by a federal
 or state agency or nongovernmental organization —
 often include reporting requirements, procedures, and
 obligations.

 Federal Laws and Regulations Applicable to Education
 Programs.  Some of the online public schools we
 serve may receive federal funds under Title I (funding for
 education of children from low-income families), Title II
 (funding for the professional development of teachers),
 Title III (funding for technology programs), Title VII
 (funding for bilingual education programs) and Title X

(start-up
 funding for charter schools) of the Elementary and Secondary
 Education Act. The schools must comply with applicable federal
 laws and regulations to remain eligible for receipt of federal
 funds. The schools we manage could lose all or part of these
 funds if they fail to comply with the applicable statutes or
 regulations, if the federal authorities reduce the funding for
 the programs or if the schools are determined to be ineligible
 to receive funds under such programs. Under the terms of our
 contractual arrangements, we assist online public schools in
 fulfilling these reporting requirements.

 Four primary federal laws are directly applicable to the
 day-to-day provision of educational services we provide to
 online public schools:

 • 

 No Child Left Behind Act;

 • 

 Individuals with Disabilities Education Act;

 • 

 Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973; and

 • 

 Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act.

 If we fail to comply with any federal or state laws, we could be
 determined ineligible to receive funds from federal programs or
 face criminal or civil penalties. See Item 1A, Risk
 Factors — Risks Related to the Highly Regulated
 Industry in Which We Operate.

 Other
 Matters

 We file annual, quarterly and current reports with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission. You may read and copy any
 document we file at the Securities and Exchange
 Commission’s Public Reference Room at
 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please
 call the Securities and Exchange Commission at
 1-800-SEC-0330
 for information on the Public Reference Room. The Securities and
 Exchange Commission maintains a website that

 28

Table of Contents

 contains annual, quarterly and current reports that issuers file
 electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The
 Securities and Exchange Commission’s website is
 http://www.sec.gov.

 Our website address is www.apollogrp.edu. We make available free
 of charge on our website our Annual Report on
 Form 10-K,
 Quarterly Reports on

Form 10-Q,
 Current Reports on

Form 8-K,
 Forms 3, 4, and 5 filed on behalf of directors and
 executive officers, and all amendments to those reports filed or
 furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are
 electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and
 Exchange Commission.



 You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties
 described below and all other information contained in this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.
 In order to help assess the major risks in our business, we have
 identified many, but not all, of these risks. Due to the scope
 of our operations, a wide range of factors could materially
 affect future developments and performance.

 If any of the following risks are realized, our business,
 financial condition, cash flow or results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected, and as a result, the trading
 price of our Class A common stock could be materially and
 adversely impacted. These risk factors should be read in
 conjunction with other information set forth in this Annual
 Report, including Item 7, Management’s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,
 and Item 8, 
Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data, including the related 
Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements.

 Risks
 Related to the Control Over Our Voting Stock

 Our
 Executive Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Board control 100%
 of our voting stock and control substantially all actions
 requiring the vote or consent of our shareholders.

 Dr. John G. Sperling, our Executive Chairman of the Board
 and Founder, and his son, Mr. Peter V. Sperling, our Vice
 Chairman of the Board, control the John Sperling Voting Stock
 Trust and the Peter Sperling Voting Stock Trust.
 Dr. Sperling, Mr. Sperling and the two trusts
 collectively own 100% of our voting securities, the Apollo Group
 Class B common stock. Through their individual holdings and
 their control of these trusts, Dr. Sperling, or
 Dr. Sperling and Mr. Sperling together, control the
 election of all members of our Board of Directors and
 substantially all other actions requiring a vote of our
 shareholders, except in certain limited circumstances. Holders
 of our outstanding Apollo Group Class A common stock do not
 have the right to vote for the election of directors or for
 substantially any other action requiring a vote of shareholders,
 except in certain limited circumstances. In the event of
 Dr. Sperling’s passing, control of the John Sperling
 Voting Stock Trust, which holds a majority of the outstanding
 Apollo Group Class B common stock, will be exercised by a
 majority of three successor trustees: Mr. Sperling, Terri
 Bishop, an executive officer of Apollo, and Darby Shupp, an
 employee of an entity affiliated with Dr. Sperling. No
 assurances can be given that the Apollo Group Class B
 shareholders will exercise their control of Apollo Group in the
 same manner that a majority of the outstanding Class A
 shareholders would if they were entitled to vote on actions
 currently reserved exclusively for our Class B
 shareholders. In addition, the control of 100% of our voting
 stock by Dr. Sperling and Mr. Sperling could make it
 difficult for a third party to acquire voting control of us.

 We are a “Controlled Company” as defined in
 Rule 4350(c) of the Marketplace Rules of the NASDAQ Stock
 Market LLC, since more than 50% of the voting power of Apollo
 Group is held by the John Sperling Voting Stock Trust. As a
 consequence, we are exempt from certain requirements of
 Marketplace Rule 4350, including that:

 • 

 our Board be composed of a majority of Independent Directors (as
 defined in Marketplace Rule 4200);

 • 

 the compensation of our officers be determined by a majority of
 the independent directors or a compensation committee composed
 solely of independent directors; and

 • 

 nominations to the Board of Directors be made by a majority of
 the independent directors or a nominations committee composed
 solely of independent directors.

 29

Table of Contents

 However, Marketplace Rule 4350(c)(2) does require that our
 independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which
 only independent directors are present (“executive
 sessions”). In addition, Internal Revenue Code
 Section 162(m) requires that a compensation committee of
 outside directors (within the meaning of Section 162(m))
 approve stock option grants to executive officers in order for
 us to be able to claim deductions for the compensation expense
 attributable to such stock options. Notwithstanding the
 foregoing exemptions, we do have a majority of independent
 directors on our Board of Directors and we do have an Audit
 Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and
 Governance Committee composed entirely of independent directors.

 The charters for the Compensation, Audit and Nominating and
 Governance Committees have been adopted by the Board of
 Directors and are available on our website, www.apollogrp.edu.
 These charters provide, among other items, that each member must
 be independent as such term is defined by the applicable rules
 of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC and the Securities and Exchange
 Commission.

 Risks
 Related to the Highly Regulated Industry in Which We
 Operate

 U.S.
 Operations

 If we
 fail to comply with the extensive regulatory requirements for
 our business, we could face significant monetary liabilities,
 fines and penalties, including loss of access to U.S. federal
 student loans and grants for our students.

 As a provider of higher education, we are subject to extensive
 U.S. regulation on both the federal and state levels. In
 particular, the Higher Education Act, as reauthorized by the
 Higher Education Opportunity Act in August 2008, and related
 regulations subject University of Phoenix and Western
 International University, and all other higher education
 institutions that participate in the various federal student
 financial aid programs under Title IV of the Higher
 Education Act (“Title IV programs”) to
 significant regulatory scrutiny. We collected approximately 77%
 of our 2008 revenues from receipt of Title IV funds.

 These regulatory requirements cover virtually all phases of our
 U.S. operations, including educational program offerings,
 facilities, instructional and administrative staff,
 administrative procedures, marketing and recruiting, financial
 operations, payment of refunds to students who withdraw,
 acquisitions or openings of new schools or programs, addition of
 new educational programs and changes in our corporate structure
 and ownership.

 The Higher Education Act mandates specific regulatory
 responsibilities for each of the following components of the
 higher education regulatory triad: (1) the federal
 government through the Department of Education;
 (2) independent accrediting agencies recognized by the
 U.S. Secretary of Education; and (3) state education
 regulatory bodies.

 The regulations, standards and policies of these regulatory
 agencies frequently change and are subject to interpretation,
 particularly where they are crafted for traditional, standard
 term-based schools rather than our non-term academic delivery
 model. Changes in, or new interpretations of, applicable laws,
 regulations, or standards could have a material adverse effect
 on our accreditation, authorization to operate in various
 states, permissible activities, receipt of funds under
 Title IV programs, or costs of doing business. We cannot
 predict with certainty how all of the requirements applied by
 these agencies will be interpreted or whether our schools will
 be able to comply with these requirements in the future.

 From time to time we identify inadvertent compliance
 deficiencies that we must address and, where appropriate, report
 to the Department of Education. Such reporting, even in regard
 to a minor compliance issue, could result in a more significant
 compliance review by the Department or even a full
 recertification review, which may require the expenditure of
 substantial administrative time and resources to address.

 If we are found to be in noncompliance with any of these
 regulations, standards or policies, any one of the relevant
 regulatory agencies could do one or more of the following:

 • 

 impose monetary fines or penalties;

 • 

 limit or terminate our operations or ability to grant degrees
 and diplomas;

 • 

 restrict or revoke our accreditation, licensure or other
 approval to operate;

 30

Table of Contents

 • 

 limit, suspend or terminate our eligibility to participate in
 Title IV programs or state financial aid programs;

 • 

 require repayment of funds received under Title IV programs
 or state financial aid programs;

 • 

 require us to post a letter of credit with the Department of
 Education;

 • 

 subject our schools to heightened cash monitoring by the
 Department of Education;

 • 

 transfer us from the Department of Education’s advance
 system of receiving Title IV program funds to its
 reimbursement system, under which a school must disburse its own
 funds to students and document the students’ eligibility
 for Title IV program funds before receiving such funds from
 the Department of Education;

 • 

 subject us to other civil or criminal penalties; and

 • 

 subject us to other forms of censure.

 Any of the penalties, injunctions, restrictions or other forms
 of censure listed above could have a material adverse effect on
 our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows. If we lose our Title IV eligibility, we would
 experience a dramatic and adverse decline in revenue and we
 would be unable to continue our business as it currently is
 conducted.

 The
 recent reauthorization of the federal Higher Education Act,
 signed by the President in August 2008, includes substantially
 increased reporting and other requirements which may impair our
 reputation and adversely affect our enrollments. In addition,
 not all of these new requirements are clear on their face. Our
 failure to accurately interpret these new requirements may
 subject us to penalties and other sanctions imposed by the
 Department of Education.

 The Higher Education Opportunity Act, enacted on August 14,
 2008, extends the Higher Education Act through
 September 30, 2013. Among other things, the Higher
 Education Opportunity Act imposes more than 100 new
 reporting requirements. Beginning July 1, 2011, the
 Department of Education will publish national lists disclosing
 various statistics including the top five percent in each of
 nine institutional categories with the highest college costs and
 largest percentage increases. If University of Phoenix or
 Western International University is highlighted negatively on
 one or more of these lists, our reputation may be impaired and
 our enrollments may be adversely affected. In addition, many of
 the Higher Education Opportunity Act provisions will be further
 specified in regulations promulgated by the Department of
 Education. The Department of Education currently is evaluating
 which provisions in the law should be the subject of regulation.
 This regulatory process may impose additional or apparently
 different reporting and other requirements on institutions that
 participate in Title IV programs. It will be some time
 before the Department of Education determines which provisions
 of the Higher Education Opportunity Act will be the subject of
 administrative rulemaking and issues final rules. In the
 interim, the uncertainty about various requirements of the
 Higher Education Opportunity Act will remain. Any failure by us
 to properly interpret the effect of the Higher Education
 Opportunity Act could subject us to the consequences, penalties
 and other sanctions imposed by the Department of Education
 discussed in the preceding risk factor, which could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows. The prospect of such
 sanctions may cause us to conservatively interpret the Higher
 Education Opportunity Act’s requirements pending
 interpretive guidance, which may limit our flexibility in
 operating our business.

 If
 regulators do not approve or delay their approval of
 transactions involving a change of control of our company, our
 state licenses, accreditation, and ability to participate in
 Title IV programs may be impaired.

 A change of ownership or control of Apollo Group, depending on
 the type of change, may have significant regulatory consequences
 for University of Phoenix and Western International University.
 Such a change of ownership or control could require
 recertification by the Department of Education, reauthorization
 by state licensing agencies, or the reevaluation of the
 accreditation by The Higher Learning Commission of the North
 Central Association of Colleges and Schools. The Department of
 Education has adopted the change of ownership and control
 standards used by the federal securities laws for institutions
 owned by publicly-held corporations. Upon a change of ownership
 and control sufficient to require us to file a
 Form 8-K
 with the SEC, or a change in the identity of a controlling
 shareholder of the Apollo Group, University of Phoenix

and/or
 Western International University

 31

Table of Contents

 may cease to be eligible to participate in Title IV
 programs until recertified by the Department of Education. There
 can be no assurances that such recertification would be obtained
 on a timely basis. Under some circumstances, the Department of
 Education may continue an institution’s participation in
 the Title IV programs on a temporary provisional basis
 pending completion of the change in ownership approval process.
 In addition, some states where University of Phoenix, Western
 International University or CFP is presently licensed have
 requirements governing change of ownership or control that
 require approval of the change to remain authorized to operate
 in those states. Moreover, University of Phoenix, Western
 International University and CFP are required to report any
 material change in stock ownership to The Higher Learning
 Commission. In the event of a material change in stock ownership
 of Apollo Group, The Higher Learning Commission may seek to
 evaluate the effect of such a change of stock ownership on the
 continuing operations of University of Phoenix, Western
 International University and CFP.

 Substantially all of our voting stock is owned and controlled by
 Dr. John Sperling and Mr. Peter Sperling. We cannot
 prevent a change of ownership or control that would arise from a
 transfer of voting stock by Dr. Sperling or
 Mr. Sperling, including a transfer that may occur or be
 deemed to occur upon the death of one or both of
 Dr. Sperling or Mr. Sperling. Dr. and
 Mr. Sperling have established voting stock trusts and other
 agreements with the intent to maintain the Company’s voting
 stock in such a way as to prevent a change of ownership or
 control upon either’s death, but we cannot assure you that
 these arrangements will have the desired effect.

 If
 regulators do not approve our acquisitions, the acquired
 schools’ state licenses, accreditation, and ability to
 participate in Title IV programs may be
 impaired.

 When we acquire an institution that participates in
 Title IV programs, we must seek approval from the
 Department of Education and most applicable state agencies and
 accrediting agencies because an acquisition is considered a
 change of ownership or control of the acquired institution under
 applicable regulatory standards. A change of ownership or
 control of an institution under the Department of Education
 standards can result in the temporary suspension of the
 institution’s participation in the Title IV programs
 unless a timely and materially complete application for
 recertification is filed with the Department of Education and
 the Department of Education issues a temporary certification
 document. If we are unable to obtain approvals from the state
 agencies, accrediting agencies or Department of Education for
 any institution we may acquire in the future, depending on the
 size of that acquisition, such a failure to obtain approval
 could have a material adverse effect on our business.

 If we
 are not recertified to participate in Title IV programs by
 the Department of Education, we would lose eligibility to
 participate in Title IV programs.

 University of Phoenix and Western International University are
 eligible and certified to participate in Title IV programs.
 Although University of Phoenix’s current certification for
 Title IV programs expired in June 2007, University of
 Phoenix submitted its Title IV program recertification
 application to the Department of Education in March 2007 and we
 have been collaborating with the Department of Education
 regarding the University of Phoenix recertification application.
 As we continue to supply additional
 follow-up
 information based on requests from the Department of Education,
 our eligibility continues on a month-to-month basis until the
 Department of Education issues its decision on the application.
 Western International University’s current certification
 for Title IV programs expires in June 2009 and we will seek
 recertification before its certification expires. Generally, the
 recertification process includes a review by the Department of
 Education of the institution’s educational programs and
 locations, administrative capability, financial responsibility,
 and other oversight categories. The Department of Education
 could limit, suspend or terminate an institution’s
 participation in Title IV programs for violations of the
 Higher Education Act or Title IV regulations. Title IV
 eligibility is critical to the continued operation of our
 business. If one of our institutions is not recertified, it
 would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Action
 by the U.S. Congress to revise the laws governing the federal
 student financial aid programs or reduce funding for those
 programs could reduce our student population and increase our
 costs of operation.

 The U.S. Congress must periodically reauthorize the Higher
 Education Act and annually determine the funding level for each
 Title IV program. The Higher Education Act was recently
 reauthorized by the Higher Education Opportunity Act through
 September 30, 2013 by Congress and signed into law by the
 President on August 14, 2008. Changes to the Higher
 Education Act are likely to result from any further
 reauthorization and,

 32

Table of Contents

 possibly, from any extension of the remaining provisions of the
 Higher Education Act, but at this time we cannot predict all of
 the changes that the U.S. Congress will ultimately make.
 Any action by the U.S. Congress that significantly reduces
 Title IV program funding or the ability of our institutions
 or students to participate in Title IV programs could have
 a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows. Congressional action may also require
 us to modify our practices in ways that could increase our
 administrative costs and reduce our profit margin, which could
 have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 If the U.S. Congress significantly reduced the amount of
 available Title IV program funding, we would attempt to
 arrange for alternative sources of financial aid for our
 students. We cannot assure you that one or more private
 organizations would be willing or able to provide sufficient
 loans to students attending one of our schools or programs, or
 that the interest rate and other terms of such loans would be as
 favorable as Title IV program loans or acceptable to our
 students and therefore our enrollment could be materially
 adversely affected. In addition, private organizations could
 require us to guarantee all or part of this assistance and we
 might incur other additional costs. If we provided more direct
 financial assistance to our students, we would incur additional
 costs and assume increased credit risks, which could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 Student
 loan defaults could result in the loss of eligibility to
 participate in Title IV programs.

 In general, under the Higher Education Act, an educational
 institution will lose its eligibility to participate in some or
 all Title IV programs if its student loan cohort default
 rate equals or exceeds 25% for three consecutive years or 40%
 for any given year. If our student loan default rates approach
 these limits, we may be required to expend substantial effort
 and resources to improve these default rates. In addition,
 because there is a lag between the funding of a student loan and
 a default thereunder, many of the borrowers who are in default
 or at risk of default are former students with whom we may have
 only limited contact. Accordingly, there can be no assurance
 that we would be able to effectively improve our default rates
 or improve them in a timely manner to meet the requirements for
 continued participation in Title IV funding if we begin to
 experience a substantial increase in our student loan default
 rates.

 The cohort default rate requirements were modified by the Higher
 Education Opportunity Act enacted in August 2008 to increase by
 one year the measuring period for each cohort and increase the
 threshold rates that trigger penalties. We cannot at this point
 predict the impact of this change, which will be effective with
 the reporting of the 2009 cohort default rates in September 2012.

 If we lose our eligibility to participate in Title IV
 programs because of high student loan default rates, it would
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows. See the
 discussion of student loan cohort default rates, including the
 changes enacted by the Higher Education Opportunity Act, in
 Item 1, Business — Regulatory
 Environment — Domestic Postsecondary —
 Student Loan Defaults, which discussion is incorporated by
 this reference.

 If any
 regulatory audit, investigation or other proceeding finds us not
 in compliance with the numerous laws and regulations applicable
 to the postsecondary education industry, we may not be able to
 successfully challenge such finding and our business could
 suffer.

 Due to the highly regulated nature of the postsecondary
 education industry, we are subject to audits, compliance
 reviews, inquiries, complaints, investigations, claims of
 non-compliance and lawsuits by federal and state governmental
 agencies, regulatory agencies, present and former students and
 employees, shareholders and other third parties, any of whom may
 allege violations of any of the regulatory requirements
 applicable to us. If the results of any such claims or actions
 are unfavorable to us, we may be required to pay monetary fines
 or penalties, be required to repay funds received under
 Title IV programs or state financial aid programs, have
 restrictions placed on or terminate our schools’ or
 programs’ eligibility to participate in Title IV
 programs or state financial aid programs, have limitations
 placed on or terminate our schools’ operations or ability
 to grant degrees and certificates, have our schools’
 accreditations restricted or revoked, or be subject to civil or
 criminal penalties. Any one of these sanctions could adversely
 affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows and result in the imposition of significant
 restrictions on us and our ability to operate.

 33

Table of Contents

 If we
 fail to maintain our institutional accreditation, we would lose
 our ability to participate in Title IV
 programs.

 University of Phoenix and Western International University are
 institutionally accredited by The Higher Learning Commission,
 one of the six regional accrediting agencies recognized by the
 Secretary of Education. Accreditation by an accrediting agency
 recognized by the Secretary of Education is required in order
 for an institution to become and remain eligible to participate
 in Title IV programs. The loss of accreditation would,
 among other things, render our schools and programs ineligible
 to participate in Title IV programs and would have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 If we
 fail to maintain any of our state authorizations, we would lose
 our ability to operate in that state and to participate in
 Title IV programs there.

 University of Phoenix and Western International University are
 authorized to operate and to grant degrees or diplomas by the
 applicable state agency of each state where such authorization
 is required and where we maintain a campus. In addition, several
 states require University of Phoenix to obtain separate
 authorization for the delivery of distance education to
 residents of those states. Such state authorization is required
 for the campus located in the state or, in the case of states
 that require it, for University of Phoenix Online to offer
 postsecondary education and, in either case, for students at the
 on-campus operations or University of Phoenix Online to be
 eligible to participate in Title IV programs. The loss of
 such authorization would preclude the on-campus operations or
 University of Phoenix Online from offering postsecondary
 education and render students ineligible to participate in
 Title IV programs at least at those state campus locations
 or, in states that require it, at University of Phoenix Online
 and could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 A
 failure to demonstrate “administrative capability” or
 “financial responsibility” may result in the loss of
 eligibility to participate in Title IV
 programs.

 If our schools eligible to participate in Title IV programs
 fail to maintain “administrative capability” as
 defined by the Department of Education, those schools could lose
 their eligibility to participate in Title IV programs or
 have that eligibility adversely conditioned, which would have a
 material adverse effect on our business. The Department of
 Education regulations specify extensive criteria an institution
 must satisfy to establish that it has the requisite
 “administrative capability” to participate in
 Title IV programs. These criteria require, among other
 things, that the institution:

 • 

 comply with all applicable Title IV program regulations;

 • 

 have capable and sufficient personnel to administer the federal
 student financial aid programs;

 • 

 have acceptable methods of defining and measuring the
 satisfactory academic progress of its students;

 • 

 not have a student loan cohort default rate above specified
 levels;

 • 

 have various procedures in place for safeguarding federal funds;

 • 

 not be, and not have any principal or affiliate who is, debarred
 or suspended from federal contracting or engaging in activity
 that is cause for debarment or suspension;

 • 

 provide financial aid counseling to its students;

 • 

 refer to the Office of Inspector General any credible
 information indicating that any applicant, student, employee or
 agent of the institution has been engaged in any fraud or other
 illegal conduct involving Title IV programs;

 • 

 submit in a timely manner all reports and financial statements
 required by the regulations; and

 • 

 not otherwise appear to lack administrative capability.

 Furthermore, if our schools eligible to participate in
 Title IV programs fail to demonstrate “financial
 responsibility” under the Department of Education’s
 regulations, those schools could lose their eligibility to
 participate in Title IV programs or have that eligibility
 adversely conditioned, which would have a material adverse

 34

Table of Contents

 effect on our business. To participate in Title IV
 programs, an eligible institution must satisfy specific measures
 of financial responsibility prescribed by the Department of
 Education, or post a letter of credit in favor of the Department
 of Education and possibly accept other conditions on its
 participation in Title IV programs. Limitations on, or
 termination of, participation in Title IV programs as a
 result of the failure to demonstrate financial responsibility
 would limit students’ access to Title IV program
 funds, which could significantly reduce the enrollments and
 revenues of our schools eligible to participate in Title IV
 programs and materially and adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See
 the discussion of financial responsibility in Item 1,
 Business — Regulatory Environment —
 Domestic Postsecondary — Standards of Financial
 Responsibility, which discussion is incorporated by this
 reference.

 Our
 schools and programs would lose their eligibility to participate
 in federal student financial aid programs if the percentage of
 our revenues derived from those programs is too
 high.

 Under a provision of the Higher Education Act commonly referred
 to as the “90/10 Rule,” as revised by the Higher
 Education Opportunity Act, a for-profit institution would no
 longer be eligible to participate in Title IV programs if,
 it derived more than 90% of its cash-basis revenues, as defined
 pursuant to the Higher Education Act and Department of Education
 regulations, from Title IV programs for any two consecutive
 fiscal years. An institution that violates this
 90/10 Rule
 for two consecutive fiscal years becomes ineligible to
 participate in Title IV programs for a period of not less
 than two institutional fiscal years. An institution that derived
 more than 90% of its revenue from Title IV programs for any
 single fiscal year will be placed on provisional certification
 and will be subject to possible additional sanctions by the
 Department of Education. If an institution violated the

90/10 Rule
 and became ineligible to participate in Title IV programs
 but continued to disburse Title IV program funds, the
 Department of Education would require the institution to repay
 all Title IV program funds received by the institution
 after the effective date of the loss of eligibility. University
 of Phoenix’s and Western International University’s
 percentages were approximately 82% and 50%, respectively for the
 year ended August 31, 2008. In May 2008, the Ensuring
 Continued Access to Student Loans Act increased the annual loan
 limits on federal unsubsidized student loans by $2,000 for
 certain students, and also increased the aggregate loan limits
 (over the course of a student’s education) on total federal
 student loans for certain students. This increase in student
 loan limits will increase the amount of Title IV program
 funds used by students to satisfy tuition, fees and other costs
 incurred, which will increase the proportion of our revenue from
 Title IV programs. However, the Higher Education
 Opportunity Act excludes from the calculation of the

90/10 Rule
 the amounts received from these increased annual loan limits
 between July 1, 2008 and July 1, 2011, providing some
 temporary relief. Absent any extension of this temporary relief,
 our 90/10 percentages will increase when the exclusion of
 these funds from the calculation expires in 2011. If we become
 ineligible to participate in Title IV federal student
 financial aid programs, it would have a material adverse effect
 on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows.

 We
 will be subject to sanctions if we fail to calculate and make
 timely payment of refunds of Title IV program funds for
 students who withdraw before completing their educational
 program.

 The Higher Education Act and Department of Education regulations
 require us to calculate refunds of unearned Title IV
 program funds disbursed to students who withdraw from their
 educational program before completing it. If refunds are not
 properly calculated or timely paid for 5% or more of students
 sampled on the institution’s annual compliance audit,
 generally within 45 days of the date the school determines
 that the student has withdrawn, we may have to post a letter of
 credit in favor of the Department of Education or otherwise be
 subject to adverse actions by the Department of Education, which
 could increase our cost of regulatory compliance and have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 We are
 subject to sanctions if we pay impermissible commissions,
 bonuses, or other incentive payments to individuals involved in
 certain recruiting, admission, or financial aid
 activities.

 A school participating in Title IV programs may not provide
 any commission, bonus, or other incentive payment based directly
 or indirectly on success in securing enrollments or financial
 aid to any person or entity engaged in any student recruitment
 or admission activity or in making decisions regarding the
 awarding of Title IV program funds. The law and regulations
 governing this requirement do not establish clear criteria for
 compliance in

 35

Table of Contents

 all circumstances. If the Department of Education determined
 that our compensation practices violated these standards, the
 Department of Education could subject us to monetary fines,
 penalties, or other sanctions. Any substantial fine, penalty, or
 other sanction could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows. In 2004, we settled for $9.8 million a pending
 review by the Department of Education relating to these types of
 compensation arrangements.

 Increased
 scrutiny by various governmental agencies regarding
 relationships between student loan providers and educational
 institutions and their employees have produced significant
 uncertainty concerning restrictions applicable to the
 administration of the Title IV loan programs and the
 funding for those programs which, if not satisfactorily or
 timely resolved, could result in increased regulatory burdens
 and costs for us and could adversely affect our student
 enrollments.

 During 2007 and 2008, student loan programs, including the
 Title IV programs, have come under increased scrutiny by
 the Department of Education, Congress, state attorneys general,
 and other parties. Issues that have received extensive attention
 include allegations of conflicts of interest between some
 institutions and lenders that provide Title IV loans,
 questionable incentives given by lenders to some schools and
 school employees, allegations of deceptive practices in the
 marketing of student loans, and schools leading students to use
 certain lenders. Several institutions and lenders have been
 cited for these problems and have paid several million dollars
 in the aggregate to settle those claims. The practices of
 numerous other schools and lenders are being examined by
 government agencies at the federal and state level. We have
 cooperated with various state agencies and attorneys general
 regarding their investigations on student loan practices and do
 not anticipate any adverse consequences to us as a result of
 these investigations. As a result of this scrutiny, Congress has
 passed new laws, the Department of Education has enacted
 stricter regulations, and several states have adopted codes of
 conduct or enacted state laws that further regulate the conduct
 of lenders, schools, and school personnel. These new laws and
 regulations, among other things, limit schools’
 relationships with lenders, restrict the types of services that
 schools may receive from lenders, prohibit lenders from
 providing other types of loans to students in exchange for
 Title IV loan volume from schools, require schools to
 provide additional information to students concerning
 institutionally preferred lenders, and significantly reduce the
 amount of federal payments to lenders who participate in the
 Title IV loan programs. The environment surrounding access
 to and cost of student loans remains in a state of flux, with
 additional legislation and regulatory changes being actively
 considered at the federal and state levels. The uncertainty
 surrounding these issues, and any resolution of these issues
 that increases loan costs or reduces students’ access to
 Title IV loans, may adversely affect our student
 enrollments, which could have an adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 If
 IPD’s Client Institutions were sanctioned due to
 non-compliance with Title IV requirements, we could suffer
 adverse impacts on our business.

 IPD provides to its Client Institutions numerous consulting
 services in exchange for a contractual share of the Client
 Institutions’ tuition revenue. If one or more Client
 Institutions were sanctioned for noncompliance with
 Title IV requirements and such sanction(s) were to have a
 material adverse effect on enrollments and tuition revenue of
 such Client Institutions, IPD may no longer provide services to
 such Client Institutions, and it could have a material adverse
 effect on our business.

 The
 online public high schools that Insight Schools operates under
 contractual arrangements are subject to uncertain regulatory
 implications that could materially and adversely affect Insight
 Schools’ business. These risks include the
 following:

 • 

 Online public schools are relatively new, and enabling
 legislation varies widely among states. Enabling legislation is
 often ambiguous and subject to discrepancies in interpretation
 by regulatory authorities. The failure of the online public
 schools Insight Schools serves to comply with applicable
 government regulations, both state and federal, could result in
 a loss of funding and an obligation to repay funds previously
 received.

 • 

 States have laws and regulations for public schools, including
 online public schools, concerning faculty requirements, benefit
 regulations, background checks and reporting criminal activity
 including child abuse,

 36

Table of Contents

 among other requirements. The failure of the online public
 schools Insight Schools serves to comply with such state
 regulations could result in penalties or other liability.

 • 

 Failure to comply with applicable government procurement rules
 may void Insight Schools’ contractual agreements.

 • 

 Our ability to satisfy the regulatory requirements in one or
 more states may limit our ability to expand our Insight Schools
 business and realize the benefits of greater scale.

 The operation of some of the online public schools Insight
 Schools serves depends on the maintenance of the authorizing
 charter and compliance with applicable laws. If these charters
 are not renewed or are otherwise terminated by the charter
 granting authority, or a school ceases to maintain its status as
 a not-for-profit, exempt from federal taxation under Internal
 Revenue Code Section 501(c)(3), whether because of Insight
 Schools’ involvement or otherwise, Insight Schools’
 contract with the school could be terminated and Insight Schools
 may be subject to a claim for damages. In addition, if a
 state’s charter school statute is not reauthorized, Insight
 Schools’ contract with a charter school in that state would
 be terminated.

 The
 complexity of regulatory environments in which we operate has
 increased and may continue to increase our costs, and failure to
 comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a
 material adverse effect on our business.

 Our business is subject to increasingly complex corporate
 governance, public disclosure, accounting and tax requirements
 and environmental legislation that have increased both our costs
 and the risk of noncompliance. Because our Class A common
 stock is publicly traded, we are subject to certain rules and
 regulations for federal, state and financial market exchange
 entities (including the SEC and NASDAQ). We continue to evaluate
 and update our policies and procedures in response to corporate
 scandals and laws enacted by Congress. Without limiting the
 generality of the foregoing, we are subject to, and required to
 comply with, the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 (including, among other things, the development of policies and
 procedures designed to satisfy the provisions thereof regarding
 internal control over financial reporting, disclosure controls
 and procedures and certification of financial statements
 appearing in periodic reports) and we have a compliance function
 which develops policies and monitors compliance with laws
 (including, among others, privacy laws, export control laws,
 rules and regulations of the Office of Foreign Asset Controls
 and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act). Our effort to comply
 with these new regulations have resulted in, and are likely to
 continue resulting in, increased general and administrative
 expenses and diversion of management time and attention from
 revenue generating activities to compliance activities. If we
 fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows could be adversely affected.

 Government
 regulations relating to the Internet could increase our cost of
 doing business, affect our ability to grow or otherwise have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 The increasing popularity and use of the Internet and other
 online services has led and may lead to the adoption of new laws
 and regulatory practices in the United States or foreign
 countries and to new interpretations of existing laws and
 regulations. These new laws and interpretations may relate to
 issues such as online privacy, copyrights, trademarks and
 service marks, sales taxes, fair business practices and the
 requirement that online education institutions qualify to do
 business as foreign corporations or be licensed in one or more
 jurisdictions where they have no physical location or other
 presence. New laws, regulations or interpretations related to
 doing business over the Internet could increase our costs and
 materially and adversely affect our enrollments, which could
 have a material adverse affect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Non-U.S.
 Operations

 Our
 non-U.S. operations
 are subject to regulatory requirements of the applicable country
 in which we operate, and our failure to comply with these
 requirements may result in substantial monetary liabilities,
 fines and penalties and a loss of authority to operate.

 37

Table of Contents

 We operate physical and online educational institutions in
 Canada, Chile, Mexico, the Netherlands and elsewhere, and are
 actively seeking further expansion in other countries. Our
 operations in each of the relevant foreign jurisdictions are
 subject to educational and other regulations, which may differ
 materially from the regulations applicable to our
 U.S. operations.

 Risks
 Related to Our Business

 If we
 are unable to successfully conclude the litigation, governmental
 investigations and inquiries pending against us, our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could
 be adversely affected.

 We, certain of our subsidiaries, and certain of our current and
 former directors and executive officers have been named as
 defendants in lawsuits alleging violations of the federal
 securities laws and the federal False Claims Act. The
 U.S. District Court for the District Court of Arizona
 recently vacated a judgment for damages against us in a
 securities class action, and plaintiffs have appealed to the
 Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. We are awaiting trial in a qui
 tam action against us alleging violations of the federal
 securities laws and the federal False Claims Act. In addition,
 certain government agencies are conducting inquiries regarding
 us, including the U.S. Department of Justice and the
 Internal Revenue Service. We are also subject to various other
 lawsuits, investigations and claims, covering a range of
 matters, including, but not limited to, claims involving
 shareholders and employment matters. Refer to Note 17,
 Commitments and Contingencies, in Item 8, Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data, in this Annual Report on

Form 10-K
 for further discussion of pending litigation and other
 proceedings.

 We cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these matters and
 expect to incur significant defense costs and other expenses in
 connection with them. Such costs and expenses could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows and the market price of our
 common stock. We may be required to pay substantial damages or
 settlement costs in excess of our insurance coverage related to
 these matters, which could have a further material adverse
 effect on our financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows.

 While we continue in our efforts to cooperate with the
 government investigations, we cannot predict the duration or
 outcome of the investigations, and the investigations may
 expand, and other regulatory agencies may become involved. The
 outcome and costs associated with these investigations could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, the
 investigations could result in adverse publicity and divert the
 efforts and attention of our management team from our ordinary
 business operations. The government investigations and any
 related legal and administrative proceedings could also include
 the institution of administrative, civil injunctive, or criminal
 proceedings against us
 and/or our
 current or former directors, officers or employees; the
 imposition of fines and penalties; suspensions

and/or other
 remedies and sanctions.

 We may
 not be able to sustain our recent growth rate or profitability,
 and we may not be able to manage future growth
 effectively.

 Our ability to sustain our current rate of growth or
 profitability depends on a number of factors, including our
 ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals, our ability
 to maintain operating margins, our ability to recruit and retain
 high quality academic and administrative personnel and
 competitive factors. Over the past three years, our growth has
 been predominately in our associate’s degree programs. If
 we are not able to sustain our growth rate in the
 associate’s degree programs, or fail to transition this
 growth to our bachelor’s degree, advanced degree and other
 potential new programs, our business could be adversely
 affected. In addition, growth and expansion of our international
 and high school operations may place a significant strain on our
 resources and increase demands on our management information and
 reporting systems, financial management controls, and personnel.
 Although we have made a substantial investment in augmenting our
 financial and management information systems and other resources
 to support future growth, we cannot assure you that we will be
 able to manage further expansion effectively. Failure to do so
 could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 If we
 cannot maintain student enrollments, our results of operations
 may be adversely affected.

 Our strategy for growth and profitability depends, in part, upon
 managing attrition rates as well as increasing student
 enrollments in our schools and programs. Attrition rates are
 often due to factors outside our control. Many

 38

Table of Contents

 students face financial, personal, or family constraints that
 require them to withdraw from the school or the program. If we
 are unable to control the rate of student attrition, the overall
 enrollment levels are likely to decline. Also, to attract more
 students, we must develop and implement marketing and student
 recruitment programs, which may not succeed. If we cannot
 maintain and increase student enrollments, including retention
 of students in one or more degree programs, our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be
 adversely affected.

 Our
 financial performance depends on our ability to continue to
 develop awareness among, and recruit and retain
 students.

 Building awareness of our schools and the programs we offer is
 critical to our ability to attract prospective students. If our
 schools are unable to successfully market and advertise their
 educational programs, our schools’ ability to attract and
 enroll prospective students in such programs could be adversely
 affected, and, consequently, our ability to increase revenue or
 maintain profitability could be impaired. It is also critical to
 our success that we convert these prospective students to
 enrolled students in a cost-effective manner and that these
 enrolled students remain active in our programs. Some of the
 factors that could prevent us from successfully enrolling and
 retaining students in our programs include:

 • 

 the emergence of more successful competitors;

 • 

 factors related to our marketing, including the cost and
 effectiveness of Internet advertising and broad-based branding
 campaigns;

 • 

 performance problems with our online systems;

 • 

 failure to maintain accreditation;

 • 

 inability to continue to recruit, train and retain quality
 certified teachers;

 • 

 student or employer dissatisfaction with our services and
 programs;

 • 

 adverse publicity regarding us, our competitors or online or
 for-profit education generally;

 • 

 tuition rate reductions by competitors that we are unwilling or
 unable to match;

 • 

 a decline in the acceptance of online education;

 • 

 increased regulation of online education, including in states in
 which we do not have a physical presence;

 • 

 a decrease in the perceived or actual economic benefits that
 students derive from our programs; and

 • 

 litigation or regulatory investigations that may damage our
 reputation.

 If the
 proportion of our students who are enrolled in our
 associate’s degree programs continues to increase, we may
 experience increased cost and reduced margins.

 In recent years, the proportion of our Degreed Enrollment
 composed of associate’s degree students has increased and
 may continue to increase in the future. We have experienced
 certain effects from this shift, such as an increase in our
 student loan cohort default rate. If this mix shift continues,
 we may experience additional consequences, such as higher cost
 per start, lower retention rates
 and/or
 higher student services costs, an increase in the percentage of
 our revenue derived from Title IV funding under the
 so-called

90/10 Rule,
 more limited ability to implement tuition price increases and
 other effects that may adversely affect our operating results.

 The
 significant uncertainty about the asset portfolios of companies
 in both the U.S. and worldwide financial services sector,
 dramatic volatility in trading markets and recent failures and
 near failures of financial institutions may adversely impact our
 investment portfolio and investment returns.

 The recent failures, bankruptcies, rescues and distressed
 acquisitions of previously highly rated financial institutions
 such as Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae),
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac), American
 International Group, Inc., Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., The
 Bear Stearns

 39

Table of Contents

 Companies Inc., Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc., Washington
 Mutual Savings Bank and Wachovia Corporation, indicate a
 possibly dramatic realignment of companies in the financial
 services sector and reflect the market’s lack of a clear
 understanding of the financial health of financial institutions.
 Many widely-held investments previously rated investment grade
 have declined in value precipitously and unexpectedly in recent
 months, resulting in substantial trading and investment losses
 for corporate and other investors. In order to avoid these
 risks, investors have favored securities issued or guaranteed by
 the U.S. government, which has resulted in reduced yields
 on these and other investments considered to be lower risk.
 Although we generally employ a conservative investment strategy,
 we may incur investment losses as a result of these unusual and
 unpredictable market developments and we may experience reduced
 investment earnings if the yields on investments deemed to be
 low risk remain low or decline further in this time of economic
 uncertainty.

 Our
 business may be adversely affected by a general economic
 slowdown or recession in the U.S. or abroad.

 The U.S. economy and the economies of other key
 industrialized countries currently are characterized by reduced
 economic activity, increased unemployment and substantial
 uncertainty about their financial services markets. The
 U.S. and other key economies may be in or heading toward
 recession. In addition, homeowners in the U.S. have
 experienced an unprecedented reduction in wealth due to the
 decline in residential real estate values across much of the
 country. These events may reduce the demand for our programs
 among students and the willingness of employers to sponsor
 educational opportunities for their employees, either of which
 could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition,
 these events could adversely affect the ability or willingness
 of our former students to repay student loans, which could
 increase our student loan cohort default rate and require
 increased time, attention and resources to manage these
 defaults. See Risks Related to the Highly Regulated Industry
 in Which We Operate — 
Student loan defaults
 could result in the loss of eligibility to participate in
 Title IV programs, above.

 The
 current unprecedented disruptions in the credit and equity
 markets worldwide may impede or prevent our access to the
 capital markets for additional funding to expand or operate our
 business and may affect the availability or cost of borrowing
 under our existing credit facilities.

 The credit and equity markets of both mature and developing
 economies have experienced extraordinary volatility, asset
 erosion and uncertainty in the last several months, leading to
 governmental intervention in the banking sector in the
 U.S. and abroad on an unprecedented scale. Until these
 market disruptions diminish, we may not be able to access the
 capital markets to obtain funding needed for expansion of our
 business in furtherance of our strategic plan. In addition,
 changes in the capital or other legal requirements applicable to
 commercial lenders may affect the availability or increase the
 cost of borrowing under our principal credit facility. If we are
 unable to obtain needed capital in this manner on terms
 acceptable to us, we may have to limit our growth initiatives or
 take other actions that materially adversely affect our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 Our
 principal credit agreement limits our ability to take various
 actions.

 Our principal credit agreement limits our ability to take
 various actions, including paying dividends, repurchasing shares
 and acquiring and disposing of assets or businesses.
 Accordingly, to the extent we have outstanding borrowings under
 our credit agreement in the future, we may be restricted from
 taking actions that management believes would be desirable and
 in the best interests of us and our shareholders. Our principal
 credit agreement also requires us to satisfy specified financial
 and non-financial covenants. A breach of any covenants contained
 in our credit agreement could result in an event of default
 under the agreement and allow the lenders to pursue various
 remedies, including accelerating the repayment of any
 indebtedness outstanding under the agreement, any of which could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows. As of
 August 31, 2008, we had no outstanding borrowings under our
 principal credit facility.

 If we
 do not maintain existing, and develop additional, relationships
 with employers, our future growth may be impaired.

 We currently have relationships with large employers to provide
 their employees with the opportunity to obtain degrees through
 us while continuing their employment. These relationships are an
 important part of our strategy as

 40

Table of Contents

 they provide us with a steady source of potential working adult
 students for particular programs and also serve to increase our
 reputation among high-profile employers. If we are unable to
 develop new relationships, or if our existing relationships
 deteriorate or end, our efforts to seek these sources of
 potential working adult students will be impaired, and this
 could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Our
 financial performance depends, in part, on our ability to keep
 pace with changing market needs and technology; if we fail to
 keep pace or fail in implementing or adapting to new
 technologies, our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows may be adversely
 affected.

 Increasingly, prospective employers of students who graduate
 from our schools demand that their new employees possess
 appropriate technological skills and also appropriate
 “soft” skills, such as communication, critical
 thinking and teamwork skills. These skills can evolve rapidly in
 a changing economic and technological environment. Accordingly,
 it is important for our schools’ educational programs to
 evolve in response to those economic and technological changes.
 The expansion of existing programs and the development of new
 programs may not be accepted by current or prospective students
 or the employers of our graduates. Even if our schools are able
 to develop acceptable new programs, our schools may not be able
 to begin offering those new programs as quickly as required by
 prospective employers or as quickly as our competitors offer
 similar programs. In addition, we may be unable to obtain
 specialized accreditations or licensures that may make certain
 programs desirable to students. To offer a new academic program,
 we may be required to obtain appropriate federal, state and
 accrediting agency approvals, which may be conditioned or
 delayed in a manner that could significantly affect our growth
 plans. In addition, to be eligible for Title IV programs, a
 new academic program may need to be certified by the Department
 of Education. If we are unable to adequately respond to changes
 in market requirements due to regulatory or financial
 constraints, unusually rapid technological changes, or other
 factors, our ability to attract and retain students could be
 impaired, the rates at which our graduates obtain jobs involving
 their fields of study could suffer, and our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows could be
 adversely affected.

 Establishing new academic programs or modifying existing
 programs requires us to make investments in management and
 capital expenditures, incur marketing expenses and reallocate
 other resources. We may have limited experience with the courses
 in new areas and may need to modify our systems and strategy or
 enter into arrangements with other educational institutions to
 provide new programs effectively and profitably. If we are
 unable to increase the number of students or offer new programs
 in a cost-effective manner, or are otherwise unable to manage
 effectively the operations of newly established academic
 programs, our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.

 We have invested and continue to invest significant resources in
 information technology, which is a key element of our business
 strategy. Our information technology systems and tools could
 become impaired or obsolete due to our action or failure to act.
 For instance, we could install new information technology
 without accurately assessing its costs or benefits, or we could
 experience delayed or ineffective implementation of new
 information technology. Similarly, we could fail to respond in a
 timely or sufficiently competitive way to future technological
 developments in our industry. Should our action or failure to
 act impair or otherwise render our information technology less
 effective, this could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 Capacity
 constraints of our computer networks and changes to the
 acceptance and regulation of online programs could have a
 material adverse effect on our ability to recruit and retain
 students and grow our online programs.

 Our schools and the schools to which we provide services,
 including their online campuses, intend to increase student
 enrollments, and more resources will be required to support this
 growth, including additional faculty, admissions, academic, and
 financial aid personnel. This growth may place a significant
 strain on the operational resources of these schools and
 restrict our ability to recruit and retain students and grow our
 online programs.

 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to expand the
 content of programs, develop new programs in a cost-effective
 manner, maintain good standing with our regulators and
 accreditors, and meet our students’ needs in a timely

 41

Table of Contents

 manner. The expansion of our online programs and the development
 of new programs may not be accepted by students or the online
 education market. In addition, a general decline in Internet use
 for any reason, including due to security or privacy concerns,
 the cost of Internet service or changes in government regulation
 of Internet use, may result in less demand for online
 educational services, in which case we may not be able to
 recruit and retain students and grow our online programs as
 planned. The failure to recruit and retain students and grow our
 online programs may have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 System
 disruptions and security threats to our computer networks could
 have a material adverse effect on our ability to attract and
 retain students.

 The performance and reliability of our computer network
 infrastructure at our schools, including our online programs, is
 critical to our reputation and ability to attract and retain
 students. Any computer system error or failure, or a sudden and
 significant increase in traffic on our computer networks,
 including those that host our online programs, may cause network
 outages and may damage our reputation and disrupt our online and
 on-ground operations. Our two existing data centers in Phoenix,
 Arizona are not currently geographically dispersed, which
 increases the risk of network outages and operations
 disruptions. We are currently constructing a third data center
 that is approximately 30 miles from our existing data
 centers and is served by a different electrical utility and
 power grid. We expect this third data center to be operational
 in 2009.

 In addition, we face the threat to our computer systems of
 unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses and
 other security problems and system disruptions. We have devoted
 and will continue to devote significant resources to the
 security of our computer systems, but they may still be
 vulnerable to these threats. A user who circumvents security
 measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause
 interruptions or malfunctions in operations. As a result, we may
 be required to expend significant resources to protect against
 the threat of these system disruptions and security breaches or
 to alleviate problems caused by these disruptions and breaches,
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 A
 failure of our information systems to properly store, process
 and report relevant data may reduce our management’s
 effectiveness, interfere with our regulatory compliance and
 increase our operating expenses.

 We are heavily dependent on the integrity of our data management
 systems. If these systems do not effectively collect, store,
 process and report relevant data for the operation of our
 business, whether due to equipment malfunction or constraints,
 software deficiencies, or human error, our ability to
 effectively plan, forecast and execute our business plan and
 comply with applicable laws and regulations, including the
 Higher Education Act and the regulations thereunder, will be
 impaired, perhaps materially. Any such impairment could
 materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results
 of operations, and cash flows.

 The
 personal information that we collect may be vulnerable to
 breach, theft or loss that could adversely affect our reputation
 and operations.

 Possession and use of personal information in our operations
 subjects us to risks and costs that could harm our business. Our
 educational institutions collect, use and retain large amounts
 of personal information regarding our students and their
 families, including social security numbers, tax return
 information, personal and family financial data and credit card
 numbers. We also collect and maintain personal information of
 our employees in the ordinary course of our business. Some of
 this personal information is held and managed by certain of our
 vendors. Although we use security and business controls to limit
 access and use of personal information, a third party may be
 able to circumvent those security and business controls, which
 could result in a breach of student or employee privacy. In
 addition, errors in the storage, use or transmission of personal
 information could result in a breach of student or employee
 privacy. Possession and use of personal information in our
 operations also subjects us to legislative and regulatory
 burdens that could require notification of data breaches and
 restrict our use of personal information. We cannot assure you
 that a breach, loss or theft of personal information will not
 occur. A breach, theft or loss of personal information regarding
 our students and their families or our employees that is held by
 us or our vendors could have a material adverse effect on our
 reputation and results of operations and result in liability
 under state and federal privacy statutes and legal actions by
 state attorneys, general and private litigants, and any of which
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 42

Table of Contents

 If a
 substantial number of our students cannot secure Title IV
 loans as a result of decreased lender participation in the
 Title IV programs or if lenders increase the costs or
 reduce the benefits associated with the Title IV loans they
 provide, we could be materially adversely
 affected.

 The cumulative impact of recent regulatory and market
 developments and conditions has caused some lenders to cease
 providing Title IV loans to students, including some
 lenders that have previously provided Title IV loans to our
 students. Other lenders have reduced the benefits and increased
 the fees associated with the Title IV loans they provide.
 We and other schools have had to modify student loan practices
 in ways that could result in higher administrative costs. If the
 costs of their Title IV loans increase, some students may
 decide not to take out loans and not enroll in a postsecondary
 institution. In May 2008, the Ensuring Continued Access to
 Student Loans Act was enacted to attempt to ensure that all
 eligible students will be able to obtain Title IV loans in
 the future and that a sufficient number of lenders will continue
 to provide Title IV loans. Among other things, the new
 legislation:

 • 

 extends authorization for the Department of Education to
 purchase Title IV loans from lenders through June 30,
 2010, thereby providing capital to the lenders to enable them to
 continue making Title IV loans to students;

 • 

 increases the annual and aggregate loan limits on federal
 student loans; and

 • 

 permits the Department of Education to designate institutions
 eligible to participate in a “lender of last resort”
 program, under which federally recognized student loan guaranty
 agencies will be required to make Title IV loans to all
 otherwise eligible students at those institutions.

 We cannot predict if this legislation will be effective in
 ensuring students’ access to Title IV loans. If a
 substantial number of lenders cease to participate in the
 Title IV loan programs, increase the costs of student
 access to such programs, or reduce the benefits available under
 such programs, our students may not have access to such loans,
 which could cause our enrollments to decline and have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 A
 substantial decrease in private student financing options,
 including Title IV programs, or a significant increase in
 financing costs for our students, could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 The consumer credit markets in the United States have recently
 suffered from increases in default rates and foreclosures on
 mortgages. Providers of alternative student loans have also
 experienced recent increases in default rates. Adverse market
 conditions for private student loans could result in lenders
 reducing the attractiveness
 and/or
 decreasing the availability of alternative loans to
 postsecondary students, including students with low credit
 scores who would not otherwise be eligible for credit-based
 alternative loans. Prospective students may find that these
 increased financing costs make borrowing prohibitively expensive
 and abandon or delay enrollment in postsecondary education
 programs, or may seek lower cost alternatives.

 In addition, increasing interest rates as a result of the
 current consumer credit environment could also contribute to
 higher default rates with respect to students’ repayment of
 funds and private loans. Higher default rates may, in turn,
 adversely impact the willingness of private lenders to make
 private loan programs available to students who attend our
 schools. Private lenders could also require that our schools pay
 them new or increased fees in order to provide alternative loans
 to prospective students.

 A significant number of states in which our schools operate have
 faced budget constraints that have caused or may cause them to
 reduce state appropriations in a number of areas. These states
 may decide to reduce the amount of state financial aid that they
 provide to students, but we cannot predict how significant any
 future reductions in financial aid will be or how long any such
 reductions will persist.

 If any of these scenarios were to occur, our students’
 ability to finance their education could be adversely affected
 and our student population could decrease, which could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 43

Table of Contents

 We
 face intense competition in the postsecondary education
 market.

 Postsecondary education in our existing and new market areas is
 highly competitive. We compete with traditional public and
 private two-year and four-year colleges, other for-profit
 schools and alternatives to higher education, such as employment
 and military service. Some of our competitors, both public and
 private, have substantially greater financial and other
 resources than we have. Our competitors, both public and
 private, may offer programs similar to ours at a lower tuition
 level as a result of government subsidies, government and
 foundation grants, tax-deductible contributions and other
 financial sources not available to for-profit institutions. In
 addition, many of our competitors have begun to offer distance
 learning and other online education programs. As the online and
 distance learning segment of the postsecondary education market
 matures, the intensity of competition is expected to increase.
 This intense competition could adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Our
 expansion into new markets outside the United States, if
 successful, will subject us to risks inherent in international
 operations.

 As part of our growth strategy, through Apollo Global, Inc., our
 consolidated 80.1% owned joint venture, we intend to acquire or
 establish campuses or universities outside the United States. To
 the extent that we make such acquisitions, we will face risks
 that are inherent in international operations, including:

 • 

 complexity of operations across borders;

 • 

 compliance with foreign regulatory environments;

 • 

 currency exchange rate fluctuations;

 • 

 monetary policy risks, such as inflation, hyperinflation and
 deflation;

 • 

 price controls or restrictions on exchange of foreign currencies;

 • 

 potential political and economic instability in the countries in
 which we operate, including potential student uprisings;

 • 

 expropriation of assets by local governments;

 • 

 multiple and possibly overlapping and conflicting tax laws;

 • 

 compliance with United States regulations such as the Foreign
 Corrupt Practices Act;

 • 

 potential unionization of employees under local labor
 laws; and

 • 

 acts of war, epidemics and natural disasters.

 We may
 experience movements in foreign currency exchange rates which
 could negatively affect our operating results.

 As we expand our international operations, we will conduct more
 transactions in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar.
 Additionally, the volume of transactions in the various foreign
 currencies will continue to increase, thus increasing our
 exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have a
 material adverse affect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 Our
 investments in auction rate securities are subject to market
 risks which may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these
 investments.

 As of August 31, 2008, we had $26.8 million of
 principal invested in auction rate securities that experienced
 failed auctions. Approximately $16.8 million of our
 auction-rate securities are invested in tax-exempt municipal
 bond funds, which carry AA credit ratings for the underlying
 issuer and at least an A credit rating for the insurers. The
 remaining $10.0 million are invested in securities
 collateralized by student loans, which are rated AAA and are
 guaranteed by the U.S. government. Auction-rate securities
 have historically traded on a shorter term than the underlying
 debt based on an auction bid that resets the interest rate of
 the security. The auction or reset dates occur at

 44

Table of Contents

 intervals established at the time of issuance that are generally
 between 7 and 35 days. Auction-rate securities
 “fail” when there are not enough buyers to absorb the
 amount of securities available for sale for that particular
 auction period. Historically, auction-rate securities auctions
 have rarely failed since the investment banks and broker dealers
 have been willing to purchase the security when investor demand
 was weak. However, beginning in mid-February 2008, due to
 uncertainty in the global credit and capital markets and other
 factors, investment banks and broker dealers have been less
 willing to support auction-rate securities and many auction-rate
 securities auctions have failed. As of August 31, 2008, we
 recorded a $1.6 million unrealized pre-tax loss on these
 securities. If the global credit market continues to deteriorate
 and broker-dealers do not renew their support of auctions for
 auction rate securities, the liquidity of our auction-rate
 securities investments may be further impacted and we may be
 required to record further declines in value of these
 investments.

 We may
 not be able to successfully identify, pursue or integrate
 acquisitions; acquisitions may result in additional debt or
 dilution to our shareholders.

 As part of our growth strategy, we are actively considering
 acquisition opportunities in the U.S. and worldwide. We
 have acquired and expect to acquire additional proprietary
 educational institutions that complement our strategic
 direction, some of which could be material. Any acquisition
 involves significant risks and uncertainties, including:

 • 

 inability to successfully integrate the acquired operations into
 our institutions and maintain uniform standards, controls,
 policies and procedures;

 • 

 distraction of management’s attention from normal business
 operations;

 • 

 challenges retaining the key employees of the acquired operation;

 • 

 insufficient revenue generation to offset liabilities assumed;

 • 

 expenses associated with the acquisition; and

 • 

 unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence process,
 including commitments
 and/or
 contingencies.

 Acquisitions are inherently risky. We cannot be certain that our
 previous or future acquisitions will be successful and will not
 materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows. We may not be able to
 identify suitable acquisition opportunities, acquire
 institutions on favorable terms, or successfully integrate or
 profitably operate acquired institutions. Future transactions
 may involve use of our cash resources, issuance of equity or
 debt securities, incurrence of other forms of debt or a
 significant increase in our financial leverage, which could
 adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows, especially if the cash flows associated with any
 acquisition are not sufficient to cover the additional debt
 service. If we issue equity securities as consideration in an
 acquisition, current shareholders’ percentage ownership and
 earnings per share may be diluted. In addition, our acquisition
 of an educational institution could be considered a change in
 ownership and control of the acquired institution under
 applicable regulatory standards. For such an acquisition in the
 U.S., we may need approval from the Department of Education and
 applicable state agencies and accrediting agencies and possibly
 other regulatory bodies. Our inability to obtain such approvals
 with respect to a completed acquisition could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 As a
 relatively new type of school, online public high schools that
 Insight Schools operates under contractual arrangements are
 subject to uncertain funding implications and operational issues
 that could materially and adversely affect Insight Schools’
 business. These risks include the following:

 • 

 Insight Schools’ revenues are derived principally from
 taxpayer funded sources. Accordingly, the availability of
 continued funding for Insight Schools’ business is subject
 to the availability of tax revenue and the political process and
 is not predictable.

 • 

 Insight Schools faces intense competition from traditional
 public and private high schools and increasing competition from
 other online public school operators.

 45

Table of Contents

 • 

 Insight Schools’ contracts with the online public schools
 it serves are subject to periodic renewal. The renewal of some
 state contracts may be subject to a statutory competitive
 bidding process. The renewal of contracts with charter schools
 must be approved by the school’s independent board.

 • 

 Highly qualified teachers are critical to the success of Insight
 Schools’ learning system. If Insight Schools is not able to
 continue to recruit, train and retain quality certified
 teachers, Insight Schools’ curriculum might not be
 effectively delivered to students, compromising their academic
 performance and Insight Schools’ reputation with the online
 public schools Insight Schools serves.

 • 

 If student performance falls or parent and student satisfaction
 declines, a significant number of students may not remain
 enrolled in an online public school that Insight Schools serves.

 • 

 The poor performance or misconduct of other online public school
 operators could tarnish the reputation of all online public
 school operators.

 • 

 If we are unable to effectively expand into additional states,
 whether due to regulatory constraints or otherwise, we may not
 realize the benefits of greater scale and the spreading of fixed
 costs over a larger revenue base.

 The schools Insight Schools contracts with and serves are
 governed by independent governing bodies who may shift their
 priorities or change objectives in ways adverse to Insight
 Schools.

 Our
 future operating results and the market price of our common
 stock could be materially adversely affected if we are required
 to write down the carrying value of goodwill and other
 indefinite-lived intangible assets associated with any of our
 reporting units in the future.

 In accordance with the SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill
 and Other Intangible Assets” (“SFAS 142”),
 we review our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible
 asset balances for impairment on at least an annual basis
 through the application of a fair-value-based test. In assessing
 the fair value of our reporting units, we rely primarily on
 using a discounted cash flow analysis which includes our
 estimates about the future cash flows of our reporting units
 that are based on assumptions consistent with our plans to
 manage the underlying businesses. Other factors we consider
 include, but are not limited to, significant underperformance
 relative to expected historical or projected future operating
 results, significant changes in the manner or use of the
 acquired assets or the overall business strategy, and
 significant negative industry or economic trends. If our
 estimates or related assumptions change in the future, we may be
 required to record non-cash impairment charges for these assets.
 In the future, if we are required to significantly write down
 the carrying value of goodwill associated with any of our
 reporting units in accordance with SFAS 142, our operating
 results and the market price of our common stock may be
 materially adversely affected.

 We
 rely on exclusive proprietary rights and intellectual property
 that may not be adequately protected under current laws, and we
 encounter disputes from time to time relating to our use of
 intellectual property of third parties.

 Our success depends in part on our ability to protect our
 proprietary rights and intellectual property. We rely on a
 combination of copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, domain
 names and contractual agreements to protect our proprietary
 rights. We rely on trademark protection in the United States and
 select foreign jurisdictions to protect our rights to various
 marks as well as distinctive logos and other marks associated
 with our services. We also rely on agreements under which we
 obtain intellectual property or license rights to own or use
 content developed by faculty members, content experts and other
 third-parties. We cannot assure you that these measures are
 adequate, that we have secured, or will be able to secure,
 appropriate protections for all of our proprietary rights in the
 United States or select foreign jurisdictions, or that third
 parties will not terminate our license rights or infringe upon
 or otherwise violate our proprietary rights. Despite our efforts
 to protect these rights, unauthorized third parties may attempt
 to use, duplicate or copy the proprietary aspects of our student
 recruitment and educational delivery methods, curricula, online
 resource material and other content. Our management’s
 attention may be diverted by these attempts and we may need to
 use funds in litigation to protect our proprietary rights
 against any infringement or violation, which could have a
 material adverse affect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 46

Table of Contents

 We may become party to disputes from time to time over rights
 and obligations concerning intellectual property, and we may not
 prevail in these disputes. Third parties may allege that we have
 not obtained sufficient rights in the content of a course or
 other intellectual property. Third parties may also raise claims
 against us alleging an infringement or violation of the
 intellectual property of that third party. Some third party
 intellectual property rights may be extremely broad, and it may
 not be possible for us to conduct our operations in such a way
 as to avoid violating those intellectual property rights. Any
 such intellectual property claim could subject us to costly
 litigation and impose a significant strain on our financial
 resources and management personnel regardless of whether such
 claim has merit. Our general liability and cyber liability
 insurance, if any, may not cover potential claims of this type
 adequately or at all, and we may be required to alter the
 content of our courses or pay monetary damages or license fees
 to third parties, which could have a material adverse affect on
 our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows.

 We may
 incur liability for the unauthorized duplication or distribution
 of class materials posted online for class
 discussions.

 In some instances, our faculty members or our students may post
 various articles or other third-party content on class
 discussion boards. We may incur liability for the unauthorized
 duplication or distribution of this material posted online for
 class discussions. Third parties may raise claims against us for
 the unauthorized duplication of this material. Any such claims
 could subject us to costly litigation and impose a significant
 strain on our financial resources and management personnel
 regardless of whether the claims have merit. Our general
 liability insurance may not cover potential claims of this type
 adequately or at all, and we may be required to alter the
 content of our courses or pay monetary damages, which could have
 a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 Our
 investment portfolio is sensitive to interest rate changes and a
 significant decrease in interest rates could adversely impact
 the performance of our investment portfolio.

 As of August 31, 2008, we held $895.6 million in cash
 and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and
 marketable securities. A decrease in interest rates of more than
 one percentage point could result in a significant reduction in
 the income we receive from these assets. When the Federal
 Reserve Bank lowers the Federal Funds Rate, it generally results
 in a reduction in the rate of return we receive on our
 investments. Therefore, the lower interest rates and the
 possibility of future Federal Funds Rate reductions, among other
 things, may significantly reduce our investment income in the
 future.

 If
 students fail to pay their outstanding balances, our business
 may be harmed.

 Students may carry balances on portions of their education
 expense not covered by financial aid programs. These balances
 are unsecured and not guaranteed. Losses related to unpaid
 student balances in excess of the amounts we have reserved for
 bad debts could have a material adverse effect on our business.

 Terrorist
 attacks and other acts of violence or war, natural disasters or
 breaches of security could have an adverse effect on our
 operations.

 Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war, hurricanes,
 earthquakes, floods, tornados and other natural disasters or
 breaches of security at our physical campuses could disrupt our
 operations. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war,
 natural disasters or breaches of security that directly impact
 our physical facilities or ability to recruit and retain
 students and employees could adversely affect our ability to
 deliver our programs to our students and, thereby, adversely
 affect our results of operations. Furthermore, terrorist attacks
 and other acts of violence or war, natural disasters or breaches
 of security could adversely affect the economy and demographics
 of the affected region, which could cause significant declines
 in the number of students who attend our schools in that region
 and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 47

Table of Contents

 Risks
 Related to the Use of Incorrect Measurement Dates for Stock
 Option Grants and the Restatement of our Consolidated Financial
 Statements

 The
 matters relating to an investigation by the Special Committee of
 the Board of Directors and the restatement of our consolidated
 financial statements may result in additional litigation and
 governmental enforcement actions.

 A Special Committee of our Board of Directors (the “Special
 Committee”), with the assistance of independent legal
 counsel and forensic accountants, conducted in 2006 an
 independent review of our historical practices related to stock
 option grants (the “Independent Review”). Based on the
 Independent Review and our internal review of every stock option
 grant since our initial public offering (the “Internal
 Review”), we determined that incorrect measurement dates
 had been used for financial accounting purposes for many stock
 option grants made during the period June 1994 through August
 2006. As a result, we recorded additional share-based
 compensation expense, and related tax effects, with regard to
 certain past stock option grants, and we restated certain
 previously issued financial statements as set forth in our
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 for the year ended August 31, 2006 and our Quarterly
 Reports on

Form 10-Q
 for the quarters ended May 31, 2006, November 30, 2006
 and February 28, 2007.

 The Internal Review, the Independent Review and related
 activities resulted in substantial expenses for legal,
 accounting, tax and other professional services, have diverted
 management’s attention from our business; and could in the
 future harm our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 We believe we made appropriate judgments in determining the
 correct measurement dates for our stock option grants. There is
 a risk, however, that we may have to further restate our
 previously issued financial statements, amend prior filings with
 the SEC, or take other actions not currently contemplated in
 connection with any of the other restated items.

 Our past stock option practices and the resulting restatement of
 previously issued financial statements have resulted in greater
 risks associated with litigation, regulatory proceedings and
 government enforcement actions. Litigation is now pending in
 state and federal courts against certain of our current and
 former directors and executive officers pertaining to
 allegations relating to stock option grants. We have fully
 cooperated with the government inquiries into these matters. We
 intend to continue full cooperation. No assurance can be given
 regarding the outcome of litigation, regulatory proceedings or
 government enforcement actions relating to our past stock option
 practices. The resolution of these matters may be time consuming
 and expensive and may distract management from the conduct of
 our business. Furthermore, if we are subject to adverse findings
 in litigation, regulatory proceedings or government enforcement
 actions, we could be required to pay damages or penalties or
 have other remedies imposed, which could harm our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 We did not historically maintain effective controls over our
 activities related to accounting for tax liability under
 Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m). In connection with
 the administration of our stock option plans, we may have
 claimed deductions with respect to compensation attributable to
 the exercise of certain stock options, which may not qualify as
 performance-based compensation under Section 162(m). As a
 result of this control deficiency, we may have claimed
 deductions with respect to those exercised options that were in
 excess of the limit imposed under Section 162(m). We have
 accrued our best estimate, representing the high end of our
 estimated potential exposure, with respect to uncertain tax
 positions, including interest for the taxable years fiscal year
 2003 through fiscal year 2007 (which are currently our only open
 years subject to adjustment for federal tax purposes) of
 approximately $47.6 million as of August 31, 2008. Our
 taxable years 2003 — 2005 are the subject of an
 Internal Revenue Service Audit, in connection with which we have
 agreed to extend the statute of limitations. The ultimate amount
 we will be required to pay to settle all of our tax liabilities
 for prior years may differ from the amount accrued. For prior
 periods where a liability existed and where the statute of
 limitations has expired, the accrual relating to that period has
 been reversed in the period in which the statute expired.

 We are
 subject to the oversight of the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and other regulatory agencies, and investigations by
 those agencies could divert management’s focus and have a
 material adverse impact on our reputation and financial
 condition.

 As a result of this government regulation and oversight, we may
 be subject to legal and administrative proceedings. For example,
 during fiscal year 2007, we were the subject of a Securities and
 Exchange Commission

 48

Table of Contents

 inquiry and a Department of Justice investigation related to our
 historical stock option grant practices. We devoted a
 substantial amount of senior executive time and incurred
 significant legal costs in connection this inquiry and our
 related internal review. The Securities and Exchange Commission
 has notified us that it has closed its inquiry without
 recommending enforcement action and we are informed by counsel
 that the Department of Justice investigation no longer is
 active. The costs of responding to, and the publicity
 surrounding investigations or enforcement actions by the
 Securities and Exchange Commission or the Department of Justice,
 even if ultimately resolved favorably for us, could have a
 material adverse impact on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.