You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties
 described below and all other information contained in this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.
 In order to help assess the major risks in our business, we have
 identified many, but not all, of these risks. Due to the scope
 of our operations, a wide range of factors could materially
 affect future developments and performance.

 If any events occur that give rise to the following risks, our
 business, financial condition, cash flow or results of
 operations could be materially and adversely affected, and as a
 result, the trading price of our Class A common stock could
 be materially and adversely impacted. These risk factors should
 be read in conjunction with other information set forth in this
 Annual Report, including our Consolidated Financial Statements
 and related Notes.

 Risks
 Related to the Control Over Our Voting Stock

 Our
 Acting Executive Chairman of the Board and his son control 99.9%
 of our voting stock and control substantially all actions
 requiring the vote or consent of our shareholders.

 Dr. John G. Sperling, our Acting Executive Chairman of the
 Board and Founder, and his son, Peter V. Sperling, who is also
 one of our directors as well as our Senior Vice President and
 Secretary, control the John Sperling Voting Stock Trust and the
 Peter Sperling Voting Stock Trust, which together collectively
 own 99.9% of our voting securities, Apollo Group Class B
 common stock. Through their control of these trusts,
 Dr. Sperling, or Dr. Sperling and Mr. Sperling
 together, control the election of all members of our Board of
 Directors and substantially all other actions requiring a vote
 of our shareholders, except in certain limited circumstances.
 Holders of our outstanding Apollo Group Class A common
 stock do not have the right to vote for the election of
 directors or for substantially any other action requiring a vote
 of shareholders, except in certain limited circumstances. In the
 event of Dr. Sperling’s passing, control of the John
 Sperling Voting Stock Trust, which holds a majority of the
 outstanding Apollo Group Class B common stock, will be
 exercised by a majority of three successor trustees:
 Mr. Sperling, Terri Bishop and Darby Shupp. See
 Item 12, “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
 Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters” and
 Item 1, “Business — Change of Ownership or
 Control” for more information.

 24

Table of Contents

 We are a “Controlled Company” as defined in
 Rule 4350(c) of the Marketplace Rules of The NASDAQ Stock
 Market LLC, since more than 50% of the voting power of Apollo
 Group is held by the John Sperling Voting Stock Trust. As a
 consequence, we are exempt from certain requirements of
 Marketplace Rule 4350, including that (a) our Board be
 composed of a majority of Independent Directors (as defined in
 Marketplace Rule 4200), (b) the compensation of our
 officers be determined by a majority of the independent
 directors or a compensation committee composed solely of
 independent directors and (c) nominations to the Board of
 Directors be made by a majority of the independent directors or
 a nominations committee comprised solely of independent
 directors. However, Marketplace Rule 4350(c) does require
 that our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings
 at which only independent directors are present (“executive
 sessions”) and IRC Section 162(m) does require a
 compensation committee of outside directors (within the meaning
 of Section 162(m)) to approve stock option grants to
 executive officers in order for us to be able to claim
 deductions with respect to the compensation attributable to the
 expense of such stock options granted. Notwithstanding the
 foregoing exemptions, we do have a majority of independent
 directors on our Board of Directors and we do have an Audit
 Committee, Compensation Committee and a Nominating and
 Governance Committee composed entirely of independent directors.

 The charters for the Compensation, Audit and Nominating and
 Governance Committees have been adopted by the Board of
 Directors and are available on our website, www.apollogrp.edu.
 These charters provide, among other items, that each member must
 be independent as such term is defined by the applicable rules
 of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC and the SEC.

 Risks
 Related to the Highly Regulated Industry in Which We
 Operate

 If we
 fail to comply with the extensive regulatory requirements for
 our business, we could face significant monetary liabilities,
 fines and penalties, including loss of access to federal student
 loans and grants for our students.

 As a provider of higher education, we are subject to extensive
 regulation on both the federal and state levels. In particular,
 the Higher Education Act and related regulations subject UPX and
 WIU, and all other higher education institutions that
 participate in the various federal student financial aid
 programs under Title IV of the Higher Education Act
 (”Title IV programs”) to significant regulatory
 scrutiny. We collected approximately 65% of our 2007 revenues
 from receipt of Title IV funds.

 These regulatory requirements cover virtually all phases of our
 schools’ and programs’ operations, including
 educational program offerings, facilities, instructional and
 administrative staff, administrative procedures, marketing and
 recruiting, financial operations, payment of refunds to students
 who withdraw, acquisitions or openings of new schools or
 programs, addition of new educational programs and changes in
 our corporate structure and ownership.

 The Higher Education Act mandates specific regulatory
 responsibilities for each of the following components of the
 higher education regulatory triad: (1) the federal
 government through the U.S. Department of Education,
 (2) the accrediting agencies recognized by the
 U.S. Secretary of Education (the “Secretary of
 Education”) and (3) state education regulatory bodies.

 The regulations, standards and policies of these regulatory
 agencies frequently change, and changes in, or new
 interpretations of, applicable laws, regulations, or standards
 could have a material adverse effect on our accreditation,
 authorization to operate in various states, permissible
 activities, receipt of funds under Title IV programs, or
 costs of doing business. We cannot predict with certainty how
 all of the requirements applied by these agencies will be
 interpreted or whether our schools will be able to comply with
 these requirements in the future.

 If we are found to be in noncompliance with any of these
 regulations, standards or policies, any one of the regulatory
 agencies could do one or more of the following:

 • 

 Impose monetary fines or penalties;

 • 

 Limit or terminate our operations or ability to grant degrees
 and diplomas;

 • 

 Restrict or revoke our accreditation, licensure or other
 approval to operate;

 25

Table of Contents

 • 

 Limit, suspend or terminate our eligibility to participate in
 Title IV programs or state financial aid programs;

 • 

 Require repayment of funds received under Title IV programs
 or state financial aid programs;

 • 

 Require us to post a letter of credit with the
 U.S. Department of Education;

 • 

 Subject our schools to heightened cash monitoring by the
 U.S. Department of Education;

 • 

 Transfer us from the U.S. Department of Education’s
 advance system of receiving Title IV program funds to its
 reimbursement system, under which a school must disburse its own
 funds to students and document the students’ eligibility
 for Title IV program funds before receiving such funds from
 the U.S. Department of Education;

 • 

 Subject us to other civil or criminal penalties; and

 • 

 Subject us to other forms of censure.

 Consequently, any of the penalties, injunctions, restrictions or
 other forms of censure listed above could have a material
 adverse effect on our business. See “Business —
 Federal Financial Aid Programs.”

 If we
 are not recertified to participate in Title IV programs by
 the U.S. Department of Education, we would lose eligibility to
 participate in Title IV programs.

 UPX and WIU are eligible and certified to participate in
 Title IV programs. UPX’s current certification for
 Title IV programs expired in June 2007. In March 2007, UPX
 submitted its Title IV program participation
 recertification application to the U.S. Department of
 Education, and UPX’s eligibility continues on a
 month-to-month basis until the Department issues its decision on
 the application. WIU’s current certification for
 Title IV programs expires in June 2009. WIU will seek
 recertification before its certification expires. Generally, the
 recertification process includes a review by the
 U.S. Department of Education of the institution’s
 educational programs and locations, administrative capability,
 financial responsibility, and other oversight categories. The
 U.S. Department of Education could limit, suspend or
 terminate an institution for violations of the Higher Education
 Act or Title IV regulations, as described under
 “Regulatory Requirements” in the Business description
 above. If one of our institutions is not recertified, it would
 have a material adverse effect on our business. See
 “Business — Federal Financial Aid Programs.”

 Action
 by the U.S. Congress to revise the laws governing the federal
 student financial aid programs or reduce funding for those
 programs could reduce our student population and increase our
 costs of operation.

 The U.S. Congress must periodically reauthorize the Higher
 Education Act and annually determine the funding level for each
 Title IV program. The Higher Education Act has been
 extended to October 31, 2007, pending completion of the
 formal reauthorization process. In September 2007, the President
 signed the College Cost Reduction and Access Act, which
 contained a number of provisions affecting Title IV
 programs, including some provisions that had been in the Higher
 Education Act reauthorization bills. The U.S. Congress will
 either complete its reauthorization of the Higher Education Act
 or further extend additional provisions of the Higher Education
 Act. Changes to the Higher Education Act are likely to result
 from any further reauthorization and, possibly, from any
 extension of the remaining provisions of the Higher Education
 Act, but at this time we cannot predict all of the changes that
 the U.S. Congress will ultimately make. Any action by the
 U.S. Congress that significantly reduces Title IV
 program funding or the ability of our institutions or students
 to participate in Title IV programs could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows. Congressional action may also require us to
 modify our practices in ways that could increase our
 administrative costs and reduce our profit margin, which could
 have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
 results of operations.

 If the U.S. Congress significantly reduced the amount of
 available Title IV program funding, we would arrange for
 alternative sources of financial aid for our students. We cannot
 assure that one or more private organizations would be willing
 to provide loans to students attending one of our schools or
 programs, or that the interest rate and other terms of such
 loans would be as favorable as for Title IV program loans.
 In addition, private organizations could require us to guarantee
 all or part of this assistance and we might incur other
 additional costs. If we provided

 26

Table of Contents

 more direct financial assistance to our students, we would incur
 additional costs and assume increased credit risks. See
 “Business — Regulatory Environment.”

 Student
 loan defaults could result in the loss of eligibility to
 participate in Title IV programs.

 In general, under the Higher Education Act, an educational
 institution may lose its eligibility to participate in some or
 all Title IV programs if its student loan cohort default
 rate equals or exceeds 25% for three consecutive years or 40%
 for any given year. If we lose our eligibility to participate in
 Title IV programs because of high student loan default
 rates, it would have a material adverse effect on our business.
 In addition, if its student loan default rate equals or exceeds
 10%, the educational institution is required to delay for
 30 days the release of federal student loan proceeds for
 first time borrowers and permanently loses the ability to
 participate in the “school-as-lender” program, among
 other penalties. If UPX’s student loan cohort default rate
 exceeds 10%, the limitations on our business could have a
 material adverse impact. With the expansion of the Axia College
 program, we anticipate an upward trend in student loan defaults
 based on the greater risk of student loan default presented by
 the Axia College demographic. See “Business —
 Federal Financial Aid Programs — Student Loan
 Defaults.”

 If any
 regulatory audit, investigation or other proceeding finds us not
 in compliance with the numerous laws and regulations applicable
 to the post-secondary education industry, we may not be able to
 successfully challenge such finding and our business could
 suffer.

 Due to the highly regulated nature of the post-secondary
 education industry, we are subject to audits, compliance
 reviews, inquiries, complaints, investigations, claims of
 non-compliance and lawsuits by federal and state governmental
 agencies, regulatory agencies, present and former students and
 employees, shareholders and other third parties, any of whom may
 allege violations of any of the regulatory requirements
 applicable to us. If the results of any such claims or actions
 are unfavorable to us, we may be required to pay monetary fines
 or penalties, be required to repay funds received under
 Title IV programs or state financial aid programs, have
 restrictions placed on or terminate our schools’ or
 programs’ eligibility to participate in Title IV
 programs or state financial aid programs, have limitations
 placed on or terminate our schools’ operations or ability
 to grant degrees and certificates, have our schools’
 accreditations restricted or revoked, or be subject to civil or
 criminal penalties. Any one of these sanctions could adversely
 affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows and result in the imposition of significant restrictions
 on us and our ability to operate. See “Business —
 Regulatory Environment.”

 If we
 fail to maintain our institutional accreditation, we would lose
 our ability to participate in Title IV
 programs.

 UPX and WIU are institutionally accredited by HLC, one of the
 six regional accrediting agencies recognized by the Secretary of
 Education. Accreditation by an accrediting agency recognized by
 the Secretary of Education is required in order for an
 institution to become and remain eligible to participate in
 Title IV programs. The loss of accreditation would, among
 other things, render our schools and programs ineligible to
 participate in Title IV programs and would have a material
 adverse effect on our business. For proposed locations outside
 of North America, we are also required to obtain the approval of
 HLC. See “Business — Accreditation.”

 If we
 fail to maintain any of our state authorizations, we would lose
 our ability to operate in that state and to participate in
 Title IV programs there.

 UPX and WIU are authorized to operate and to grant degrees or
 diplomas by the applicable state agency of each state where such
 authorization is required and where we maintain a campus. In
 addition, eight states require UPX to obtain separate
 authorization for the delivery of distance education to
 residents of those states. Such state authorization is required
 for the campus located in the state or, in the case of states
 that require it, for UPX Online to offer post-secondary
 education and, in either case, for students at the campus or UPX
 Online to be eligible to participate in Title IV programs.
 The loss of such authorization would preclude the campus or UPX
 Online from offering post-secondary education and render
 students ineligible to participate in Title IV programs at
 least at those state campus locations or, in states that require
 it, at UPX Online and could have a material adverse effect on
 our business. See “Business — State
 Authorizations.”

 27

Table of Contents

 A
 failure to demonstrate “administrative capability” or
 “financial responsibility” may result in the loss of
 eligibility to participate in Title IV
 programs.

 If we fail to maintain ”administrative capability” as
 defined by the U.S. Department of Education, we could lose
 our eligibility to participate in Title IV programs or have
 that eligibility adversely conditioned, which would have a
 material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, if we fail
 to demonstrate ”financial responsibility” under the
 U.S. Department of Education’s regulations, we could
 lose our eligibility to participate in Title IV programs or
 have that eligibility adversely conditioned, which would have a
 material adverse effect on our business. See
 “Business — Federal Financial Aid
 Programs — Standards of Financial Responsibility and
 Administrative Capability.”

 Our
 schools and programs would lose their eligibility to participate
 in federal student financial aid programs if the percentage of
 our revenues derived from those programs were too
 high.

 A proprietary institution loses its eligibility to participate
 in the federal student financial aid programs if it derives more
 than 90% of its revenues, on a cash basis, from federal student
 financial aid programs in any fiscal year. If we become
 ineligible to participate in federal student financial aid
 programs, it would have a material adverse effect on our
 business. See “Business — Federal Financial Aid
 Programs — The 90/10 Rule.”

 We
 will be subject to sanctions if we fail to calculate and make
 timely payment of refunds of Title IV program funds for
 students who withdraw before completing their educational
 program.

 The Higher Education Act and U.S. Department of Education
 regulations require us to calculate refunds of unearned
 Title IV program funds disbursed to students who withdraw
 from their educational program before completing it. If refunds
 are not properly calculated or timely paid, we may be sanctioned
 or subject to other adverse actions by the U.S. Department
 of Education, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 business. See “Business — Federal Financial Aid
 Programs.”

 We are
 subject to sanctions if we pay impermissible commissions,
 bonuses, or other incentive payments to individuals involved in
 certain recruiting, admission, or financial aid
 activities.

 A school participating in Title IV programs may not provide
 any commission, bonus, or other incentive payment based directly
 or indirectly on success in securing enrollments or financial
 aid to any person or entity engaged in any student recruitment
 or admission activity or in making decisions regarding the
 awarding of Title IV program funds. The law and regulations
 governing this requirement do not establish clear criteria for
 compliance in all circumstances. If the U.S. Department of
 Education determined that our compensation practices violated
 these standards, the U.S. Department of Education could
 subject us to monetary fines, penalties, or other sanctions. Any
 substantial fine, penalty, or other sanction could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows. See “Business —
 Federal Financial Aid Programs — Compensation of
 Representatives.”

 If we
 were involved in conflicts of interest with student loan
 lenders, we could be subject to penalties and otherwise suffer
 adverse impacts on our business.

 In 2007 the New York Attorney-General, several other
 attorneys-general, the United States Senate and House of
 Representatives Education Committees, and the United States
 Department of Education all launched investigations of potential
 conflicts of interest between university officials and various
 private lending organizations that provide student loans. These
 investigations are ongoing, but several universities and lending
 organizations have been implicated. Certain lenders, colleges
 and universities that have been implicated by these
 investigations have agreed to pay several million dollars in the
 aggregate to settle claims in this regard. In addition, several
 financial aid officials at other universities have been
 suspended or placed on leaves of absence. While no allegations
 have been raised concerning our institutions, we have received
 general requests for information from several state
 attorneys-general and state higher education regulatory
 agencies. We have no reason to believe that any of our employees
 have engaged in improper conduct in this regard. If any such
 impropriety were found, we could be subject to penalties and
 other adverse consequences. See “Business —
 Federal Financial Aid Programs.”

 28

Table of Contents

 If
 IPD’s Client Institutions were sanctioned due to
 non-compliance with Title IV requirements, we could suffer
 adverse impacts on our business.

 IPD provides a number of services to clients that are regionally
 accredited private colleges and universities, defined above as
 IPD Client Institutions. IPD provides its Client Institutions
 numerous consulting services in exchange for a contractual share
 of the Client Institution’s tuition revenues. If one or
 more IPD Client Institutions were sanctioned for noncompliance
 with Title IV requirements and such sanction(s) were to
 have a material adverse effect on enrollments and tuition
 revenue of such IPD Client Institution, it could have a material
 adverse effect on our business.

 The
 complexity of regulatory environments in which we operate has
 increased and may continue to increase our costs.

 Our business is subject to increasingly complex corporate
 governance, public disclosure, accounting and tax requirements
 and environmental legislation that have increased both our costs
 and the risk of noncompliance. Because our Class A common
 stock is publicly traded, we are subject to certain rules and
 regulations for federal, state and financial market exchange
 entities (including the SEC and Nasdaq). We have implemented new
 policies and procedures and continue developing additional
 policies and procedures in response to recent corporate scandals
 and laws enacted by Congress. Without limiting the generality of
 the foregoing, we have made a significant effort to comply with
 the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (including,
 among other things the development of policies and procedures to
 satisfy the provisions thereof regarding internal control over
 financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and
 certification of financial statements appearing in periodic
 reports) and the formation of a compliance department to develop
 policies and monitor compliance with laws (including, among
 others, privacy laws, export control laws, rules and regulations
 of the Office of Foreign Asset Controls and the Foreign Corrupt
 Practices Act). Our effort to comply with these new regulations
 have resulted in, and are likely to continue resulting in,
 increased general and administrative expenses and diversion of
 management time and attention from revenue generating activities
 to compliance activities. See “Business —
 Regulatory Environment.”

 Risks
 Related to Our Business

 If we
 are unable to successfully conclude the litigation, governmental
 investigations and inquiries pending against us, our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects
 could be adversely affected.

 We, certain of our subsidiaries, and our current and former
 directors and executive officers have been named as defendants
 in lawsuits alleging violations of the federal securities laws.
 In addition, certain government agencies are conducting
 inquiries regarding us, including the DOJ and Internal Revenue
 Service. We are also subject to various other lawsuits,
 investigations and claims, covering a range of matters,
 including, but not limited to, claims involving shareholders and
 routine employment matters. Please see Item 3 of this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 and Note 15 “Commitments and Contingencies” of
 the notes to our consolidated financial statements of this
 Annual Report on

Form 10-K
 for a detailed discussion of these matters.

 We cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these matters and
 expect to incur significant defense costs and other expenses in
 connection with them. Such costs and expenses could have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and the market price of our common stock.
 We may be required to pay substantial damages or settlement
 costs in excess of our insurance coverage related to these
 matters, which could have a further material adverse effect on
 our financial condition or results of operations.

 While we continue in our efforts to cooperate with the
 government investigations, we cannot predict the duration or
 outcome of the investigations, and the investigations may
 expand, and other regulatory agencies may become involved. The
 outcome and costs associated with these investigations could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, or results of operations, and the investigations
 could result in adverse publicity and divert the efforts and
 attention of our management team from our ordinary business
 operations. The government investigations and any related legal
 and administrative proceedings could also include the
 institution of administrative, civil injunctive, or criminal
 proceedings against us
 and/or our
 current or former officers or employees, the imposition of fines
 and penalties, suspensions

and/or other
 remedies and sanctions.

 29

Table of Contents

 We may
 not be able to sustain our recent growth rate or profitability,
 and we may not be able to manage future growth
 effectively.

 Our ability to sustain our current rate of growth or
 profitability depends on a number of factors, including our
 ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals, our ability
 to maintain operating margins, our ability to recruit and retain
 high quality academic and administrative personnel at new
 campuses and competitive factors. Over the past three years, our
 growth has been predominately in our associate’s degree
 programs. If we are not able to sustain our growth rate in the
 associate’s degree programs, or fail to transition this
 growth to our bachelor’s degree, advanced degree and other
 potential new programs, our business could be adversely
 affected. In addition, growth and expansion of our operations
 may place a significant strain on our resources and increase
 demands on our management information and reporting systems,
 financial management controls and personnel. Although we have
 made a substantial investment in augmenting our financial and
 management information systems and other resources to support
 future growth, we cannot assure you that we will be able to
 manage further expansion effectively. Failure to do so could
 adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 If we
 cannot maintain student enrollments, our results of operations
 may be adversely affected.

 Our strategy for growth and profitability depends, in part, upon
 managing attrition rates as well as increasing student
 enrollments in our schools and programs. Attrition rates are
 often due to factors outside our control. Many students face
 financial, personal, or family constraints that require them to
 withdraw from the school or the program. If we are unable to
 control the rate of student attrition, the overall enrollment
 levels are likely to decline. Also, to attract more students, we
 must develop and implement marketing and student recruitment
 programs, which may not succeed. If we cannot maintain and
 increase student enrollments, including retention of students in
 one or more degree programs, our business, results of operations
 and cash flows may be adversely affected.

 Our
 strategy involves the effective use of information technology;
 if we fail in implementing or adapting to new technologies, our
 results of operations may be adversely affected.

 We have invested and continue to invest significant resources in
 information technology, which is a key element of our business
 strategy. Our information technology systems and tools could
 become impaired or obsolete due to our action or failure to act.
 For instance, we could install new information technology
 without accurately assessing its costs or benefits, or we could
 experience delayed or ineffective implementation of new
 information technology. Similarly, we could fail to respond in a
 timely or sufficiently competitive way to future technological
 developments in our industry. Should our action or failure to
 act impair or otherwise render our information technology less
 effective, this could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, results of operations and cash flows.

 Our
 computer systems may be vulnerable to security risks that could
 disrupt operations and require us to expend significant
 resources.

 We have devoted and will continue to devote significant
 resources to the security of our computer systems. Nevertheless,
 our computer systems may be vulnerable to unauthorized access,
 computer hackers, computer viruses and other security problems
 and system disruptions. A user who circumvents security measures
 could misappropriate proprietary information or cause
 interruptions or malfunctions in operations. As a result, we may
 be required to expend significant resources to protect against
 the threat of those security breaches or to alleviate problems
 caused by those breaches. These factors could result in
 liability under state and federal privacy statutes and legal
 actions by state attorneys-general and private litigants, any of
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 We
 face intense competition in the post-secondary education
 market.

 Post-secondary education in our existing and new market areas is
 highly competitive. We compete with traditional public and
 private two-year and four-year colleges, other for-profit
 schools and alternatives to higher education, such as employment
 and military service. Some of our competitors, both public and
 private, have substantially greater financial and other
 resources than we have. Our competitors, both public and
 private, may offer

 30

Table of Contents

 programs similar to ours at a lower tuition level as a result of
 government subsidies, government and foundation grants,
 tax-deductible contributions and other financial sources not
 available to for-profit institutions. In addition, many of our
 competitors have begun to offer distance learning and other
 online education programs. As the online and distance learning
 segment of the post-secondary education market matures, the
 intensity of competition is expected to increase. This intense
 competition could adversely affect our business, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 Our
 expansion into new markets outside the United States, if
 successful, will subject us to risks inherent in international
 operations.

 As part of our growth strategy, we intend to acquire or
 establish campuses or universities in new markets outside the
 United States. If we are successful in implementing our
 strategy, we will face risks that are inherent in international
 operations, including:

 • 

 Complexity of operations across borders;

 • 

 Currency exchange rate fluctuations;

 • 

 Monetary policy risks, such as inflation, hyperinflation and
 deflation;

 • 

 Price controls or restrictions on exchange of foreign currencies;

 • 

 Potential political and economic instability in the countries in
 which we operate, including potential student uprisings;

 • 

 Expropriation of assets by local governments;

 • 

 Multiple and possibly overlapping and conflicting tax laws;

 • 

 Compliance with foreign regulatory environments;

 • 

 Acts of war, epidemics and natural disasters; and

 • 

 Loss of accreditation and enterprise value subsequent to an
 acquisition.

 We may
 not be able to successfully complete or integrate future
 acquisitions.

 As part of our growth strategy, we expect to consider selective
 acquisitions of proprietary educational institutions that
 complement our strategic direction. Any acquisition involves
 significant risks and uncertainties, including:

 • 

 Inability to successfully integrate the acquired operations into
 our institutions and maintain uniform standards, controls,
 policies and procedures;

 • 

 Distraction of management’s attention from normal business
 operations;

 • 

 Challenges retaining the key employees of the acquired operation;

 • 

 Insufficient revenue generation to offset liabilities assumed;

 • 

 Expenses associated with the acquisition; and

 • 

 Unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence process,
 including legal contingencies.

 Acquisitions are inherently risky. We cannot be certain that our
 previous or future acquisitions will be successful and will not
 materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
 and cash flows. Future transactions may involve use of our cash
 resources, issuance of equity or debt securities, incurrence of
 other forms of debt or a significant increase in our financial
 leverage, which could adversely affect our financial condition
 and results of operations, especially if the cash flows
 associated with any acquisition are not sufficient to cover the
 additional debt service. If we issue equity securities as
 consideration in an acquisition, current shareholders’
 percentage ownership and earnings per share may be diluted. In
 addition, if we were to acquire an educational institution, it
 could be considered a change in ownership and control of the
 acquired institution under applicable

 31

Table of Contents

 regulatory standards. We would need approval from the
 U.S. Department of Education and most applicable state
 agencies and accrediting agencies and possibly other regulatory
 bodies when we were to acquire an institution. If we were unable
 to obtain such approvals with respect to an institution we
 acquired, depending on the size of that acquisition, that
 failure could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 Natural
 disasters or terrorist acts could have an adverse effect on our
 operations.

 Hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, tornados and other natural
 disasters or breaches of security at our physical campuses could
 disrupt our operations. Natural disasters or breaches of
 security that directly impact our physical facilities or ability
 to recruit and retain students and employees could adversely
 affect our ability to deliver our programs to our students and,
 thereby, adversely affect our results of operations.
 Furthermore, natural disasters or breaches of security could
 adversely affect the economy and demographics of the affected
 region, which could cause significant declines in the number of
 students who attend our schools in that region and have a
 material adverse effect on our results of operations.

 The
 trading price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially in
 the future.

 The trading price of our common stock may fluctuate
 substantially based on any of the foregoing risk factors as well
 as general economic conditions. Such fluctuation could prevent
 you from selling shares of our common stock at or above the
 price at which you purchase such shares. In addition, the stock
 markets from time to time experience extreme price and volume
 fluctuations that may be unrelated or disproportionate to our
 operating performance.

 Risks
 Related to the Use of Incorrect Measurement Dates for Stock
 Option Grants and the Restatement

 The
 matters relating to the investigation by the Special Committee
 of the Board of Directors and the restatement of our
 consolidated financial statements may result in additional
 litigation and governmental enforcement actions.

 A Special Committee of our Board of Directors (the “Special
 Committee”), with the assistance of independent legal
 counsel and forensic accountants, conducted an independent
 review of our historical practices related to stock option
 grants (the “Independent Review”). Based on the
 Independent Review and our internal review of every stock option
 grant since our initial public offering (the “Internal
 Review”), we determined that incorrect measurement dates
 had been used for financial accounting purposes for many stock
 option grants made during the period June 1994 through August
 2006. As a result, we recorded additional share-based
 compensation expense, and related tax effects, with regard to
 certain past stock option grants, and we restated certain
 previously issued financial statements as set forth in our
 Annual Report on From
 10-K for the
 year ended August 31, 2006 and our Quarterly Reports on

Form 10-Q
 for the quarters ended May 31, 2006, November 30, 2006
 and February 28, 2007 (the “Restatement”).

 The Internal Review, the Independent Review and related
 activities required that we incur substantial expenses for
 legal, accounting, tax and other professional services, have
 diverted management’s attention from our business and could
 in the future harm our business, financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows.

 We believe we made appropriate judgments in determining the
 correct measurement dates for our stock option grants. There is
 a risk, however, that we may have to further restate our
 previously issued financial statements, amend prior filings with
 the SEC, or take other actions not currently contemplated in
 connection with any of the other restated items.

 Our past stock option practices and the resulting Restatement of
 previously issued financial statements have resulted in greater
 risks associated with litigation, regulatory proceedings and
 government enforcement actions. As described in Part I,
 Item 3, “Legal Proceedings,” litigation is now
 pending in state and federal courts against certain of our
 current and former directors and executive officers pertaining
 to allegations relating to stock option grants. We have fully
 cooperated with the government inquiries into these matters. We
 intend to continue full cooperation. No assurance can be given
 regarding the outcome of litigation, regulatory proceedings or
 government enforcement actions relating to our past stock option
 practices. The resolution of these matters may be time consuming
 and expensive and may distract management from the conduct of
 our business. Furthermore, if we are subject to adverse findings
 in litigation, regulatory proceedings or government enforcement
 actions, we could be required to pay

 32

Table of Contents

 damages or penalties or have other remedies imposed, which could
 harm our business, financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows.

 We did not historically maintain effective controls over our
 activities related to accounting for tax liability under IRC
 Section 162(m). We did not maintain effective controls over
 the implementation, documentation and the administration of our
 share-based compensation plans. Specifically, we may have
 claimed deductions with respect to compensation attributable to
 the exercise of certain stock options, which may not qualify as
 performance-based compensation under IRC Section 162(m). As
 a result of this control deficiency, we may have claimed
 deductions with respect to those exercised options that were in
 excess of the limit imposed under IRC Section 162(m). We
 have accrued our best estimate, representing the high end of our
 estimated potential exposure, with respect to uncertain tax
 positions, including interest and penalties for the taxable
 years 2003 through 2007 (which are currently our only open years
 subject to adjustment for federal tax purposes) of approximately
 $44.6 million as of August 31, 2007. The ultimate
 amount we will be required to pay to settle all of our tax
 liabilities for prior years may differ from the amount accrued.

 We are
 subject to the oversight of the SEC and other regulatory
 agencies, and investigations by those agencies could divert
 management’s focus and have a material adverse impact on
 our reputation and financial condition.

 As a result of this regulation and oversight, we may be subject
 to legal and administrative proceedings. During fiscal 2007, we
 were the subject of an SEC inquiry and a DOJ investigation
 related to our historical stock option grant practices. While
 the SEC inquiry has been completed, the DOJ investigation has
 not yet been officially terminated. As a result of these
 inquiries and investigations, and shareholder actions, we have
 incurred, and may continue to incur, significant legal costs and
 a significant amount of time of our senior management has been
 focused on these matters that otherwise would have been directed
 toward the growth and development of our business. We have
 concluded our Internal Review of our stock option grant
 practices, and the SEC has notified us that it has closed its
 inquiry without recommending enforcement action. The DOJ has not
 informed us that its investigation is closed and we are unable
 to predict the effect, if any, that this investigation and the
 related shareholder lawsuits could have on our business and
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. We
 cannot assure that the DOJ or other government agencies will not
 seek to impose fines or take other actions against us that could
 have a significant negative impact on our financial condition.
 In addition, publicity surrounding the DOJ’s
 investigations, the derivative lawsuits and class action
 lawsuits, or any enforcement action, even if ultimately resolved
 favorably for us, could have a material adverse impact on our
 cash flows, financial condition, results of operations or
 business.

 We had
 four material weaknesses in internal control over financial
 reporting as of August 31, 2006 that we identified during
 the year ended August 31, 2007 and we cannot assure you
 that additional material weaknesses will not be identified in
 the future. If our internal control over financial reporting or
 disclosure controls and procedures are not effective, there may
 be errors in our financial statements that could require a
 restatement or our filings may not be timely and investors may
 lose confidence in our reported financial information, which
 could lead to a decline in our stock price.

 Management identified four material weaknesses in our internal
 control over financial reporting in connection with the
 preparation and filing of its fiscal 2006 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us
 to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over
 financial reporting as of the end of each year and to include a
 management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal
 control over financial reporting in each Annual Report on

Form 10-K.
 Section 404 also requires our independent registered public
 accounting firm to report on our internal control over financial
 reporting.

 Our management, including our President and Chief Financial
 Officer, does not expect that our internal controls over
 financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A
 control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can
 provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
 control system’s objectives will be met. Further, the
 design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are
 resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be
 considered relative to their costs. Controls can be circumvented
 by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or
 more people, or by management override of the controls. Over
 time, controls may

 33

Table of Contents

 become inadequate because changes in conditions or deterioration
 in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may
 occur. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective
 control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur
 and not be detected.

 As a result, it cannot be assured that significant deficiencies
 or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
 reporting will not be identified in the future. Any failure to
 maintain or implement required new or improved controls, or any
 difficulties we encounter in their implementation, could result
 in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses, cause us to
 fail to timely meet our periodic reporting obligations, or
 result in material misstatements in our financial statements.
 Any such failure could also adversely affect the results of
 periodic management evaluations and annual auditor attestation
 reports regarding disclosure controls and the effectiveness of
 our internal control over financial reporting required under
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules
 promulgated thereunder. The existence of material weaknesses
 could result in errors in our financial statements that could
 result in a restatement of financial statements, cause us to
 fail to timely meet our reporting obligations and cause
 investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
 information, leading to a decline in our stock price.