— Risks
 Related to the Highly Regulated Industry in Which We
 Operate — Action by the U.S. Congress to revise
 the laws governing the federal student financial aid programs or
 reduce funding for those programs could reduce our student
 population and increase our costs of operation for further
 discussion regarding the HELP Committee hearings, which
 discussion is incorporated by this reference.

 • 

 90/10 Rule.  One requirement of the Higher
 Education Act, commonly referred to as the “90/10
 Rule,” applies to proprietary institutions such as
 University of Phoenix and Western International

 67

Table of Contents

 University. Under this rule, a proprietary institution will be
 ineligible to participate in Title IV programs if for any
 two consecutive fiscal years it derives more than 90% of its
 cash basis revenue, as defined in the rule, from Title IV
 programs. An institution that exceeds this limit for any single
 fiscal year will be automatically placed on provisional
 certification for two fiscal years and will be subject to
 possible additional sanctions determined to be appropriate under
 the circumstances by the U.S. Department of Education in
 the exercise of its broad discretion. While the Department has
 broad discretion to impose additional sanctions on such an
 institution, there is only limited precedent available to
 predict what those sanctions might be, particularly in the
 current regulatory environment. The Department could specify any
 additional conditions as a part of the provisional certification
 and the institution’s continued participation in
 Title IV programs. These conditions may include, among
 other things, restrictions on the total amount of Title IV
 program funds that may be distributed to students attending the
 institution; restrictions on programmatic and geographic
 expansion; requirements to obtain and post letters of credit;
 additional reporting requirements to include additional interim
 financial reporting; or any other conditions imposed by the
 Department. Should an institution be subject to a provisional
 certification at the time that its current program participation
 agreement expired, the effect on recertification of the
 institution or continued eligibility in Title IV programs
 pending recertification is uncertain. In recent years, the 90/10
 Rule percentages for University of Phoenix have trended closer
 to 90% and for fiscal year 2010, the percentage for University
 of Phoenix was 88%, excluding the benefit from the permitted
 temporary exclusion of revenue associated with the recently
 increased annual student loan limits. This temporary relief
 expires in July 2011, and including this relief the percentage
 for University of Phoenix was 85%.

 Based on currently available information, we expect that the
 90/10 Rule percentage for University of Phoenix, net of the
 temporary relief, will approach 90% for fiscal year 2011. We
 have implemented various measures intended to reduce the
 percentage of University of Phoenix’s cash basis revenue
 attributable to Title IV funds, including emphasizing
 employer-paid and other direct-pay education programs,
 encouraging students to carefully evaluate the amount of
 necessary Title IV borrowing, and continued focus on
 professional development and continuing education programs.
 Although we believe these measures will favorably impact the
 90/10 Rule calculation, they have had only limited impact to
 date and there is no assurance that they will be adequate to
 prevent the 90/10 Rule calculation from exceeding 90% in the
 future. We are considering other measures to favorably impact
 the 90/10 Rule calculation for University of Phoenix, including
 tuition price increases; however, we have substantially no
 control over the amount of Title IV student loans and
 grants sought by or awarded to our students.

 Based on currently available information, we do not expect the
 90/10 Rule percentage for University of Phoenix, net of the
 temporary relief, to exceed 90% for fiscal year 2011. However,
 we believe that, absent a change in recent trends or the
 implementation of additional effective measures to reduce the
 percentage, the 90/10 Rule percentage for University of Phoenix
 is likely to exceed 90% in fiscal year 2012 due to the
 expiration of the temporary relief in July 2011.

 Our efforts to reduce the 90/10 Rule percentage for University
 of Phoenix, especially if the percentage exceeds 90% for a
 fiscal year, may involve taking measures which reduce our
 revenue, increase our operating expenses, or both, in each case
 perhaps significantly. If the 90/10 Rule is not changed to
 provide relief for proprietary institutions, we may be required
 to make structural changes to our business in order to remain in
 compliance, which changes may materially alter the manner in
 which we conduct our business and materially and adversely
 impact our business, financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows. Furthermore, these required changes could make
 more difficult our ability to comply with other important
 regulatory requirements, such as the cohort default rate
 regulations discussed below under “Student Loan Cohort
 Default Rates” and Item 1A, Risk Factors
 — Risks Related to the Highly Regulated Industry in
 Which We Operate — An increase in student loan default
 rates could result in the loss of eligibility to participate in
 Title IV programs, which would materially and adversely
 affect our business, as well as the proposed gainful
 employment regulations discussed above under “New
 Rulemaking Initiative” and Item 1A, 
Risk
 Factors — Risks Related to the Highly Regulated
 Industry in Which We Operate — Pending rulemaking by
 the 

 68

Table of Contents

 U.S. Department of Education could result in regulatory
 changes that materially and adversely affect our business.
 See Item 1A, 
Risk Factors — Risks Related to
 the Highly Regulated Industry in Which We Operate —
 Our schools and programs would lose their eligibility to
 participate in federal student financial aid programs if the
 percentage of our revenues derived from those programs is too
 high, in which event we could not conduct our business as it is
 currently conducted, for further discussion of the 90/10
 Rule, which discussion is incorporated by this reference.

 • 

 Student Loan Cohort Default Rates.  To remain
 eligible to participate in Title IV programs, an
 educational institution’s student loan cohort default rates
 must remain below certain specified levels. An educational
 institution will lose its eligibility to participate in some or
 all Title IV programs if its student loan cohort default
 rate equals or exceeds 25% for three consecutive years or 40%
 for any given year. If our student loan default rates approach
 these limits, we may be required to increase efforts and
 resources dedicated to improving these default rates.

 The cohort default rate for University of Phoenix was 12.9% for
 the 2008 federal fiscal year and has been increasing over the
 past several years. We expect this upward trend to intensify due
 to the current challenging economic climate and the continuing
 effect of the historical growth in our associate’s degree
 student population. Consistent with this, the available
 preliminary data for the University of Phoenix 2009 cohort
 reflect a substantially higher default rate than the 2008
 cohort, although we do not expect the rate to exceed 25%. See
 Item 1A, Risk Factors — Risks Related to the
 Highly Regulated Industry in Which We Operate — An
 increase in our student loan default rates could result in the
 loss of eligibility to participate in Title IV programs,
 which would materially and adversely affect our business,
 for further discussion of the University of Phoenix cohort
 default rates, which discussion is incorporated by this
 reference.

 • 

 Higher Learning Commission
 (“HLC”).  In August 2010, University of
 Phoenix received a letter from HLC requiring University of
 Phoenix to provide certain information and evidence of
 compliance with HLC accreditation standards. The letter related
 to the August 2010 report published by the GAO of its undercover
 investigation into the enrollment and recruiting practices of a
 number of proprietary institutions of higher education,
 including University of Phoenix. We submitted the response to
 HLC on September 10, 2010 and subsequently received a
 request for additional information. We have been informed that
 our response will be evaluated by a special committee in early
 2011, and that the committee will make recommendations, if any,
 to the HLC board. If, after review, HLC determines that our
 response is unsatisfactory, HLC has informed us that it may
 impose additional unspecified monitoring or sanctions. In
 addition, HLC has recently imposed additional requirements on
 University of Phoenix with respect to approval of new or
 relocated campuses and additional locations. These requirements
 may lengthen or make more challenging the approval process for
 these sites. See Item 1A, 
Risk Factors — Risks
 Related to the Highly Regulated Industry in Which We
 Operate — If we fail to maintain our institutional
 accreditation or if our institutional accrediting body loses
 recognition by the U.S. Department of Education, we could
 lose our ability to participate in Title IV programs, which
 would materially and adversely affect our business, for
 further discussion of this HLC review, which discussion is
 incorporated by this reference.

 • 

 Securities and Exchange Commission Informal
 Inquiry.  During October 2009, we received
 notification from the Enforcement Division of the Securities and
 Exchange Commission indicating that they had commenced an
 informal inquiry into our revenue recognition practices. Based
 on the information and documents that the Securities and
 Exchange Commission has requested from us

and/or our
 auditors, which relate to our revenue recognition practices and
 other matters, including our policies and practices relating to
 student refunds, the return of Title IV funds to lenders
 and bad debt reserves, the eventual scope, duration and outcome
 of the inquiry cannot be predicted at this time. We are
 cooperating fully with the Securities and Exchange Commission in
 connection with the inquiry.

 • 

 Economic Downturn.  The U.S. and much of
 the world economy have been in the midst of an economic downturn
 with uncertain prospects for recovery. These conditions have
 contributed to a

 69

Table of Contents

 portion of our recent enrollment growth as an increased number
 of working learners seek to advance their education to improve
 their job security or reemployment prospects. One of our
 challenges is to adequately and effectively service our
 increased student population without over-building our
 infrastructure and delivery platform in a manner that might
 result in excess capacity when the portion of our growth related
 to the economic downturn subsides. In contrast to this positive
 impact, the economic downturn has adversely affected our bad
 debt expense and allowance for doubtful accounts and reduced the
 availability of state-funded student financial aid as many
 states face revenue shortfalls. We believe that the availability
 of state-funded student financial aid will continue to decline,
 which may adversely impact our enrollment and, to the extent
 that Title IV funds replace these state funding sources for
 our students, may adversely impact our 90/10 Rule calculation.

 • 

 Opportunities to Expand into New Markets.  We
 believe that there is a growing demand for high quality
 education outside the U.S. and that we have capabilities
 and expertise that can be useful in providing these services
 beyond our current reach. We believe we can deploy our key
 capabilities in student services, technology and marketing to
 expand into new markets to further our mission of providing high
 quality, accessible education. We intend to actively pursue
 quality opportunities to acquire

and/or
 partner with existing institutions of higher learning where we
 believe we can achieve long-term attractive growth and value
 creation.

 • 

 Integration.  We continue our efforts to
 integrate our acquired educational institutions and seek to use
 our experience to enhance the quality, delivery and student
 outcomes of their respective education programs. As with all
 acquisitions, there are significant risks, uncertainties and
 challenges inherent with integration. During fiscal year 2010,
 we recorded impairment charges relating to acquired entities as
 follows:

 • 

 We acquired Insight Schools in fiscal year 2007. In the second
 quarter of fiscal year 2010, we initiated a formal plan to sell
 Insight Schools as we determined that the business was no longer
 consistent with our long-term strategic objectives. We recorded
 a $9.4 million impairment charge for Insight Schools’
 goodwill in the second quarter of fiscal year 2010, which is
 included in discontinued operations.

 • 

 We acquired ULA in fiscal year 2008 and recorded an
 $8.7 million impairment charge for ULA’s goodwill in
 the third quarter of fiscal year 2010.

 • 

 We acquired BPP in fiscal year 2009 and recorded impairment
 charges of $156.3 million and $19.6 million for
 BPP’s goodwill and other intangibles, respectively, in the
 fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010.

 For a more detailed discussion of our business, industry and
 risks, refer to Item 1, Business, and Item 1A,

Risk Factors.

 Fiscal
 Year 2010 Events

 In addition to the items mentioned above, we experienced the
 following significant events during the fiscal year 2010:

 1. 

 Degreed Enrollment and New Degreed Enrollment
 Growth.  We achieved 13.1% growth in average
 University of Phoenix Degreed Enrollment in fiscal year 2010
 compared to fiscal year 2009. University of Phoenix aggregate
 New Degreed Enrollment increased 4.5% in fiscal year 2010
 compared to fiscal year 2009, although New Degreed Enrollment
 for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010 decreased 9.8%
 compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009. Refer to

Results of Operations in MD&A for further discussion.

 2. 

 Net Revenue Growth.  Our net revenue increased
 24.6% in fiscal year 2010 compared to fiscal year 2009 with
 University of Phoenix’s net revenue increasing 19.4%
 primarily from its Degreed Enrollment growth and selective
 tuition increases. Apollo Global’s acquisition of BPP in
 the

 70

Table of Contents

 fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009 also contributed
 6.0 percentage points of the overall increase in
 consolidated net revenue in fiscal year 2010 compared to fiscal
 year 2009.

 3. 

 University of Phoenix Program Participation
 Agreement.  The Higher Education Act, as
 reauthorized, specifies the manner in which the
 U.S. Department of Education reviews institutions for
 eligibility and certification to participate in Title IV
 programs. Every educational institution involved in
 Title IV programs must be certified to participate and is
 required to periodically renew this certification. University of
 Phoenix was recertified in November 2009 and entered into a new
 Title IV Program Participation Agreement which expires on
 December 31, 2012.

 4. 

 Settlement of Internal Revenue Service Dispute Related to
 Stock Option Compensation.  On November 25,
 2009, we executed a Closing Agreement with the Internal Revenue
 Service Office of Appeals to settle a dispute related to certain
 stock option compensation deducted on our U.S. federal
 income tax returns for fiscal years 2003 through 2005. Refer to
 Note 14, Income Taxes, in Item 8, 
Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data, for additional
 information.

 5. 

 Addition of Director.  On December 10,
 2009, the holders of our Class B common stock elected
 Samuel A. DiPiazza, Jr. to our Board of Directors at a
 special meeting convened for such purpose.

 6. 

 Settlement of Incentive Compensation False Claims Act
 Lawsuit
.  On December 14, 2009, we
 entered into an agreement, effective December 11, 2009, to
 resolve the 
Incentive Compensation False Claims Act
 Lawsuit. Under the terms of the agreement, in December 2009,
 we paid $67.5 million to the United States and, under a
 separate agreement, we paid $11.0 million in
 attorneys’ fees to the relators in this qui tam action, as
 required by the False Claims Act. The agreement makes clear that
 we do not acknowledge, admit or concede any liability,
 wrongdoing, noncompliance or violation as a result of the
 settlement. Refer to Note 19, Commitments and
 Contingencies, in Item 8, 
Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data, for additional information.

 7. 

 University of Phoenix Program Review.  On
 December 31, 2009, University of Phoenix received the
 U.S. Department of Education’s Program Review Report,
 which was a preliminary report of the Department’s
 findings. We responded to the preliminary report in the third
 quarter of fiscal year 2010. The Department issued its Final
 Program Review Determination letter on June 16, 2010, which
 confirmed we had completed the corrective actions and satisfied
 the obligations arising from the review. We posted a
 $126 million letter of credit in favor of the Department in
 connection with this review. Refer to Note 19, Commitments
 and Contingencies, in Item 8, 
Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data, for additional information.

 8. 

 Securities Class Action Lawsuit.  On
 June 23, 2010, the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for
 the Ninth Circuit reversed the District Court’s prior
 ruling in our favor in the securities class action lawsuit,

In re Apollo Group, Inc. Securities Litigation, Case No.
 CV04-2147-PHX-JAT, and ordered the trial court to enter judgment
 against us in accordance with the prior jury verdict. The actual
 amount of damages payable will not be known until all court
 proceedings have been completed and eligible members of the
 class have presented the necessary information and documents to
 receive payment of the award. We have estimated for financial
 reporting purposes, using statistically valid models and a 60%
 confidence interval, that the damages could range from
 $127.2 million to $228.0 million, which includes our
 estimates of (a) damages payable to the plaintiff class;
 (b) the amount we may be required to reimburse our
 insurance carriers for amounts advanced for defense costs; and
 (c) future defense costs. Accordingly, in the third quarter
 of fiscal year 2010, we recorded a charge for estimated damages
 in the amount of $132.6 million, which, together with the
 existing reserve of $44.5 million recorded in the second
 quarter of fiscal year 2010, represents the mid-point of the
 estimated range of damages payable to the plaintiffs, plus the
 other estimated costs and expenses. We elected to record an
 amount based on the mid-point of the range of damages payable to
 the plaintiff class because under statistically valid modeling
 techniques the mid-point of the range is in fact a more likely
 estimate

 71

Table of Contents

 than other points in the range, and the point at which there is
 an equal probability that the ultimate loss could be toward the
 lower end or the higher end of the range. During the fourth
 quarter of fiscal year 2010, we recorded a $0.9 million
 charge for incremental post-judgment interest.

 On August 23, 2010, we filed a motion to stay the mandate
 while we seek review by the U.S. Supreme Court, which was
 granted. Our petition for certiorari to the U.S. Supreme
 Court is due on or before November 15, 2010. We believe we
 have adequate liquidity to fund the amount of any required bond,
 or if necessary, the satisfaction of the judgment. Refer to
 Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies, in Item 8,
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, for
 additional information.

 9. 

 Western International University.  In April
 2010, we contributed all of the common stock of Western
 International University, which was previously our wholly-owned
 subsidiary, to Apollo Global. Refer to Note 4,
 Acquisitions, in Item 8, 
Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data, for additional information.
 Additionally, Western International University was recertified
 by the U.S. Department of Education in May 2010 and entered
 into a new Title IV Program Participation Agreement which
 expires on September 30, 2014.

 10. 

 Higher Education at a Crossroads.  In August
 2010, we released a report entitled, “Higher Education at a
 Crossroads,” which examined the significant challenges
 facing America’s higher education system and the
 fundamental transformations that must occur to meet President
 Obama’s mandate that the U.S. produce the highest
 percentage of college graduates of any developed nation by 2020.
 The report includes an analysis of the vital role proprietary
 colleges and universities play in meeting the President’s
 goals and reaffirms University of Phoenix’s commitment to
 advancing quality education, innovations in learning, and
 industry-leading student protections. The report presents the
 ways we believe our institutions are uniquely positioned to
 increase access to higher education for all Americans at a
 significantly lower cost to society and without compromising
 quality.

 11. 

 Appointment of Sean B.W. Martin.  On
 September 24, 2010, we announced the appointment of Sean
 B.W. Martin as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and
 Secretary. Mr. Martin succeeds P. Robert Moya, who earlier
 this year announced his retirement as our Executive Vice
 President, General Counsel and Secretary. As previously
 announced, Mr. Moya will serve as Executive Vice President,
 Special Projects, until October 31, 2010; he will then
 serve as a Senior Advisor until August 31, 2011.

 Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates

 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity
 with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
 States. The preparation of these consolidated financial
 statements requires the use of estimates, judgments, and
 assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
 liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
 periods presented. Our critical accounting policies involve a
 higher degree of judgments, estimates and complexity, and are as
 follows:

 Revenue
 Recognition

 Our educational programs, primarily composed of University of
 Phoenix programs, are designed to range in length from
 one-day
 seminars to degree programs lasting up to four years. Students
 in University of Phoenix degree programs generally enroll in a
 program of study encompassing a series of five- to nine-week
 courses taken consecutively over the length of the program.
 Generally, students are billed on a

course-by-course
 basis when the student first attends a session, resulting in the
 recording of a receivable from the student and deferred revenue
 in the amount of the billing. University of Phoenix students
 generally fund their education through loans

and/or
 grants under various Title IV programs, tuition assistance
 from their employers, or personal funds.

 72

Table of Contents

 Net revenue consists principally of tuition and fees associated
 with different educational programs as well as related
 educational resources such as access to online materials, books,
 and study texts. Net revenue is shown net of discounts. Tuition
 benefits for our employees and their eligible dependants are
 included in net revenue and instructional costs and services.
 Total employee tuition benefits were $100.3 million,
 $90.5 million and $77.9 million for fiscal years 2010,
 2009 and 2008, respectively.

 The following table presents the components of our net revenue,
 and each component as a percentage of total net revenue, for the
 fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008:

 Year Ended August 31,

 ($ in millions)

 2010

 2009

 2008

 Tuition and educational services revenue

 $

 4,757.9

 97

 %

 $

 3,815.0

 96

 %

 $

 2,988.6

 96

 %

 Educational materials revenue

 324.9

 6

 %

 226.4

 6

 %

 184.4

 6

 %

 Services revenue

 84.2

 2

 %

 83.2

 2

 %

 77.7

 2

 %

 Other revenue

 22.4

 —

 28.3

 1

 %

 43.9

 1

 %

 Gross Revenue

 5,189.4

 105

 %

 4,152.9

 105

 %

 3,294.6

 105

 %

 Less: Discounts

 (263.6

 )

 (5

 )%

 (199.3

 )

 (5

 )%

 (161.2

 )

 (5

 )%

 Net revenue

 $

 4,925.8

 100

 %

 $

 3,953.6

 100

 %

 $

 3,133.4

 100

 %

 • 

 Tuition and educational services revenue encompasses both
 online and classroom-based learning. For our University of
 Phoenix operations, tuition revenue is recognized pro rata over
 the period of instruction as services are delivered to students.

 BPP recognizes tuition revenue as services are provided over the
 course of the program, which varies depending on the program
 structure. For our remaining Apollo Global operations, tuition
 revenue is generally recognized over the length of the course
 and/or
 program as applicable.

 • 

 Educational materials revenue relates to online course
 materials delivered to students over the period of instruction.
 Revenue associated with these materials is recognized pro rata
 over the period of the related course to correspond with
 delivery of the materials to students. Educational materials
 also includes the sale of various books, study texts, course
 notes, and CDs for which we recognize revenue when the materials
 have been delivered to and accepted by students or other
 customers.

 • 

 Services revenue consists principally of the contractual
 share of tuition revenue from students enrolled in IPD programs
 at private colleges and universities (“Client
 Institutions”). IPD provides program development,
 administration and management consulting services to Client
 Institutions to establish or expand their programs for working
 learners. These services typically include degree program
 design, curriculum development, market research, student
 recruitment, accounting, and administrative services. IPD
 typically is paid a portion of the tuition revenue generated
 from these programs. IPD’s contracts with its Client
 Institutions generally range in length from five to ten years,
 with provisions for renewal. The portion of service revenue to
 which we are entitled under the terms of the contracts is
 recognized as the services are provided.

 • 

 Other revenue consists of the fees students pay when
 submitting an enrollment application, which, along with the
 related application costs associated with processing the
 applications, are deferred and recognized over the average
 length of time a student remains enrolled in a program of study.
 Other revenue also includes non-tuition generating revenues,
 such as renting classroom space and other student support
 services. Revenue from these sources is recognized as the
 services are provided.

 • 

 Discounts reflect reductions in tuition or other revenue
 including military, corporate, and other employer discounts,
 along with institutional scholarships, grants and promotions.

 Effective March 1, 2008, University of Phoenix changed its
 refund policy whereby students who attend 60% or less of a
 course are eligible for a refund for the portion of the course
 they did not attend. Under the prior refund policy, if a student
 dropped or withdrew after attending one class of a course,
 University of Phoenix earned 25% of the tuition for the course,
 and if they dropped or withdrew after attending two classes

 73

Table of Contents

 of a course, University of Phoenix earned 100% of the tuition
 for the course. Refunds are recorded as a reduction in deferred
 revenue during the period that a student drops or withdraws from
 a class. This refund policy applies to students in most, but not
 all states, as some states require different policies.

 During the second quarter of fiscal year 2010, we began
 presenting Insight Schools’ operating results as
 discontinued operations. Accordingly, Insight Schools’ net
 revenue is included in loss from discontinued operations, net of
 tax in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Insight Schools
 generates the majority of its tuition and educational services
 revenue through long-term contracts with school districts or
 not-for-profit
 organizations. The term for these contracts ranges from five to
 ten years with provisions for renewal thereafter. We recognize
 revenue under these contracts over the period during which
 educational services are provided to students, which generally
 commences in August or September and ends in May or June.

 Generally, net revenue varies from period to period based on
 several factors, including the aggregate number of students
 attending classes, the number of classes held during the period,
 the tuition price per credit and seasonality.

 Sales tax collected from students is excluded from net revenue.
 Collected but unremitted sales tax is included as a liability in
 our Consolidated Balance Sheets and is not material to our
 consolidated financial statements.

 Allowance
 for Doubtful Accounts

 We reduce accounts receivable by an allowance for amounts that
 we expect to become uncollectible in the future. Estimates are
 used in determining the allowance for doubtful accounts and are
 based on historical collection experience and current trends. In
 determining these amounts, we consider and evaluate the
 historical write-offs of our receivables. We monitor our
 collections and write-off experience to assess whether
 adjustments are necessary.

 When a student with Title IV loans withdraws, Title IV
 rules determine if we are required to return a portion of
 Title IV funds to the lenders. We are then entitled to
 collect these funds from the students, but collection rates for
 these types of receivables is significantly lower than our
 collection rates for receivables for students who remain in our
 educational programs.

 We routinely evaluate our estimation methodology for adequacy
 and modify it as necessary. In doing so, our objective is to
 cause our allowance for doubtful accounts to reflect the amount
 of receivables that will become uncollectible by considering our
 most recent collections experience, changes in trends and other
 relevant facts. In doing so, we believe our allowance for
 doubtful accounts reflects the most recent collections
 experience and is responsive to changes in trends. Our accounts
 receivable are written off once the account is deemed to be
 uncollectible. This typically occurs once we have exhausted all
 efforts to collect the account, which include collection
 attempts by our employees and outside collection agencies.

 We recorded bad debt expense of $282.6 million,
 $152.5 million and $104.2 million during fiscal years
 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Our allowance for doubtful
 accounts was $192.9 million and $110.4 million as of
 August 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. For the purpose of
 sensitivity, a one percent change in our allowance for doubtful
 accounts as a percentage of gross student receivables as of
 August 31, 2010 would have resulted in a pre-tax change in
 income of $4.2 million. Additionally, if our bad debt
 expense were to change by one percent of total net revenue for
 the fiscal year ended August 31, 2010, we would have
 recorded a pre-tax change in income of approximately
 $49.3 million.

 Goodwill
 and Intangible Assets

 • 

 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets
 — Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase
 price of an acquired business over the fair value assigned to
 the underlying assets acquired and assumed liabilities. At the
 time of an acquisition, we allocate the goodwill and related
 assets and liabilities to our respective reporting units. We
 identify our reporting units by assessing whether the components
 of our operating segments constitute businesses for which
 discrete financial information is available and segment
 management regularly reviews the operating results of those
 components.

 74

Table of Contents

 Indefinite-lived intangible assets are recorded at fair market
 value on their acquisition date and primarily include trademarks
 and foreign regulatory accreditations and designations as a
 result of the BPP, UNIACC and ULA acquisitions. We assign
 indefinite lives to acquired trademarks, accreditations and
 designations that we believe have the continued ability to
 generate cash flows indefinitely; have no legal, regulatory,
 contractual, economic or other factors limiting the useful life
 of the respective intangible asset; and when we intend to renew
 the respective trademark, accreditation or designation and
 renewal can be accomplished at little cost.

 We assess goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets at
 least annually for impairment or more frequently if events occur
 or circumstances change between annual tests that would more
 likely than not reduce the fair value of the respective
 reporting unit below its carrying amount. We test for goodwill
 impairment at the reporting unit level by applying a two-step
 test. In the first step, we compare the fair value of the
 reporting unit to the carrying value of its net assets. If the
 fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of
 the net assets of the reporting unit, goodwill is not impaired
 and no further testing is required. If the carrying value of the
 net assets of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the
 reporting unit, we perform a second step which involves using a
 hypothetical purchase price allocation to determine the implied
 fair value of the goodwill and compare it to the carrying value
 of the goodwill. An impairment loss is recognized to the extent
 the implied fair value of the goodwill is less than the carrying
 amount of the goodwill.

 The annual impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible
 assets involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of the
 intangible asset with its carrying value. If the carrying value
 of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment
 loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. We perform
 our annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests on
 the same dates that we perform our annual goodwill impairment
 tests for the respective reporting units.

 Our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets by
 reportable segment are summarized in the table below:

 Annual

 Indefinite-lived

 Impairment

 Goodwill as of August 31,

 Intangibles as of August 31,

 ($ in thousands)

 Test Date

 2010

 2009

 2010

 2009

 University of Phoenix

 May 31

 $

 37,018

 $

 37,018

 $

 —

 $

 —

 Apollo Global — BPP(3)

 July 1

 241,204

 421,836

 114,330

 138,602

 Apollo Global — Other

 UNIACC

 May 31

 12,132

 11,197

 4,919

 4,539

 ULA(3)

 May 31

 14,914

 22,674

 2,395

 2,349

 Western International University(1)

 May 31

 1,581

 1,581

 —

 —

 Other Schools

 CFFP

 August 31

 15,310

 15,310

 —

 —

 Insight Schools(2),(3)

 May 31

 3,342

 12,742

 —

 —

 (1) 

 As a result of contributing all of the common stock of Western
 International University to Apollo Global during the third
 quarter of fiscal year 2010, we are presenting Western
 International University in the Apollo Global — Other
 reportable segment for all periods presented. Refer to
 Note 4, Acquisitions, in Item 8, Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data, for further discussion.

 (2) 

 As of August 31, 2010, Insight Schools’ goodwill
 balance is included in assets held for sale in our Consolidated
 Balance Sheets. See further discussion below.

 (3) 

 We recorded goodwill impairment charges for BPP, ULA and Insight
 Schools and impairment charges for BPP’s intangible assets
 during fiscal year 2010. See further discussion below.

 The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill
 is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points
 during the analysis, including identification of our reporting
 units,

 75

Table of Contents

 identification and allocation of assets and liabilities to each
 of our reporting units and determination of fair value of our
 reporting units. Our established goodwill testing process
 includes the use of industry accepted valuation methods,
 involvement of various levels of management in different
 operating functions to review and approve certain criteria and
 assumptions and, in certain instances, engaging third-party
 valuation specialists to assist with our analysis.

 To determine the fair value of our reporting units, we primarily
 rely on an income-based approach using the discounted cash flow
 valuation method. For our reporting units valued using this
 method, we generally project cash flows, as well as a terminal
 value, by calculating cash flow scenarios, applying a reasonable
 weighting to these scenarios and discounting such cash flows by
 a risk-adjusted rate of return. When appropriate, we may also
 incorporate the use of a market-based approach in combination
 with the discounted cash flow analysis. Generally, the
 market-based approach incorporates information from comparable
 transactions in the market and publicly traded companies with
 similar operating and investment characteristics of the
 reporting unit to develop a multiple which is then applied to
 the operating performance of the reporting unit to determine
 value. The determination of fair value of our reporting units
 consists primarily of using unobservable inputs under the fair
 value measurement standards.

 We believe the most critical assumptions and estimates in
 determining the estimated fair value of our reporting units,
 include, but are not limited to, the amounts and timing of
 expected future cash flows for each reporting unit, the
 probability weightings between scenarios, the discount rate
 applied to those cash flows, long-term growth rates and
 selection of comparable market multiples. The assumptions used
 in determining our expected future cash flows consider various
 factors such as historical operating trends particularly in
 student enrollment and pricing, the political environment the
 reporting unit operates in, anticipated economic and regulatory
 conditions and planned business and operating strategies over a
 long-term planning horizon. The discount rate used by each
 reporting unit is based on our assumption of a prudent
 investor’s required rate of return of assuming the risk of
 investing in a particular company in a specific country. Our
 goodwill impairment tests used discount rates ranging from 13.0%
 to 15.5%. The perpetual long-term growth rate reflects the
 sustainable operating income a reporting unit could generate in
 a perpetual state as a function of revenue growth, inflation and
 future margin expectations. Our goodwill impairment tests used
 long-term growth rates ranging from 3% to 5%. We also believe
 our goodwill impairment tests incorporate the use of reasonable
 market participant assumptions and employ the concept of highest
 and best use of the asset. If we determine our critical
 assumptions discussed above require revision or are adversely
 impacted a potential goodwill impairment may result in the
 future.

 To determine the fair value of our trademark intangible assets
 we use the relief-from-royalty method. This method estimates the
 benefit of owning the intangible assets rather than paying
 royalties for the right to use a comparable asset. This method
 incorporates the use of significant judgments in determining
 both the projected revenues attributable to the asset, as well
 as the appropriate discount rate and royalty rates applied to
 those revenues to determine fair value. To fair value the
 accreditations and designations we primarily use the cost
 savings method which estimates the cost savings of owning the
 intangible asset rather than either creating the asset or not
 having the asset in place to be used in current operations. This
 method incorporates the use of significant judgments in
 determining the projected profit or replacement cost
 attributable to the asset and the appropriate discount rate. The
 determination of fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible
 assets consists primarily of using unobservable inputs under the
 fair value measurement standards.

 During fiscal year 2010, we completed our annual goodwill
 impairment tests for each of our reporting units and our annual
 indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests, as
 applicable. During fiscal year 2010, we recorded goodwill
 impairment charges for our BPP, ULA and Insight Schools
 reporting units and intangible impairment charges for our BPP
 reporting unit, as further discussed below. As of their
 respective annual impairment test date, the fair value of our
 University of Phoenix, UNIACC, Western International University
 and CFFP reporting units exceeded the carrying value of their
 respective net assets by at least 25% resulting in no goodwill
 impairment. For our University of Phoenix and Western

 76

Table of Contents

 International University reporting units we used market multiple
 information of comparable sized companies to determine the fair
 value at the respective test dates. For our UNIACC and CFFP
 reporting units, we used the discounted cash flow valuation
 method to determine the fair value at the respective test dates.
 Additionally, for UNIACC, we completed our annual impairment
 tests of its indefinite-lived intangible assets and determined
 there was no impairment.

 BPP
 Reporting Unit

 On July 1, 2010, we conducted our first annual goodwill
 impairment test for BPP. To determine the fair value of our BPP
 reporting unit in our step one analysis, we used a combination
 of the discounted cash flow valuation method and the
 market-based approach and applied an 80%/20% weighting factor to
 these valuation methods, respectively. In October 2010, BPP
 concluded its fall enrollment period which we believe was
 adversely impacted by the continued economic downturn in the
 U.K. Accordingly, we revised our forecast for BPP, which caused
 our step one annual goodwill impairment analysis to result in a
 lower estimated fair value for the BPP reporting unit as
 compared to its carrying value due to the effects of the
 economic downturn in the U.K. on BPP’s operations and
 financial performance and increased uncertainty as to when these
 conditions will recover. Specifically, the assumptions used in
 our cash flow estimates assume no near-term recovery in the
 markets in which BPP operates, modest overall long-term growth
 in BPP’s core programs and a significant increase in
 revenues over a long-term horizon at BPP’s University
 College. We also utilized a 13.0% discount rate and 3.0%
 long-term growth rate in the analysis. Although our projections
 assume that these markets will ultimately stabilize, we may be
 required to record additional impairment charges for BPP if
 there are further deteriorations in these markets, if economic
 conditions in the U.K. further decline, or we are unable to
 achieve the growth in future enrollments at BPP’s
 University College.

 Accordingly, we performed a step two analysis which required us
 to fair value BPP’s assets and liabilities, including
 identifiable intangible assets, using the fair value derived
 from the step one analysis as the purchase price in a
 hypothetical acquisition of the BPP reporting unit. As discussed
 above, the amount of the goodwill impairment charge is derived
 by comparing the implied fair value of goodwill from the
 hypothetical purchase price allocation to its carrying value.
 The significant hypothetical purchase price adjustments included
 in the step two analysis consisted of:

 • 

 Adjusting the carrying value of land and buildings included in
 property and equipment to estimated fair value using the market
 approach and based on recent appraisals.

 • 

 Adjusting the carrying value of the trademark and accreditations
 and designation indefinite-lived intangible assets to estimated
 fair value using the valuation methods discussed above. Our
 annual impairment tests for these indefinite-lived intangible
 assets utilized the same revenue, margin and discount rate
 assumptions used in the BPP reporting unit goodwill impairment
 step one analysis which resulted in a lower fair value estimate
 for BPP’s trademark. Accordingly, in the fourth quarter of
 fiscal year 2010, we recorded a $17.6 million impairment
 charge for these indefinite-lived intangible assets.

 • 

 Adjusting all other finite-lived intangible assets to estimated
 fair value using a variety of methods under the income approach
 specifically the costs savings method, with and without method
 and excess earnings method, or replacement cost approach. As a
 result of this analysis, we determined that one of our student
 relationship intangible assets was not recoverable resulting in
 recording an impairment charge of $2.0 million in the
 fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010.

 Based on our analysis, we recorded a $156.3 million
 impairment charge for BPP’s goodwill in the fourth quarter
 of fiscal year 2010. As BPP’s goodwill is not deductible
 for tax purposes, we did not record a tax benefit associated
 with the goodwill impairment charge. In the fourth quarter of
 fiscal year 2010, BPP’s goodwill and intangible asset
 impairment charges in the aggregate approximate
 $170.4 million (net of $5.5 million benefit for income
 taxes associated with the intangible asset impairment charges).

 77

Table of Contents

 ULA
 Reporting Unit

 For our ULA reporting unit, we used a discounted cash flow
 valuation method to determine the fair value of the reporting
 unit at May 31, 2010. ULA continues to delay the launch of
 its online program due to challenges with developing and
 designing the technology infrastructure to support the online
 platform. We have considered these uncertainties in the future
 cash flows used in our annual goodwill impairment test which
 resulted in an estimated lower fair value for the ULA reporting
 unit. Accordingly, we performed a step two analysis which
 required us to fair value ULA’s assets and liabilities,
 including identifiable intangible assets, using the fair value
 derived from the step one analysis as the purchase price in a
 hypothetical acquisition of the ULA reporting unit. As discussed
 above, the amount of the goodwill impairment charge is derived
 from comparing the implied fair value of goodwill from the
 hypothetical purchase price allocation to its carrying value.
 Based on our analysis, in the third quarter of fiscal year 2010,
 we recorded an $8.7 million impairment charge for
 ULA’s goodwill. As ULA’s goodwill is not deductible
 for tax purposes, we did not record a tax benefit associated
 with the goodwill impairment charge. Additionally, we completed
 our annual impairment tests for indefinite-lived intangible
 assets at ULA and determined there was no impairment.

 Insight
 Schools Reporting Unit

 In the second quarter of fiscal year 2010, we began presenting
 Insight Schools’ assets and liabilities as held for sale
 and its operating results as discontinued operations. We
 recorded a $9.4 million impairment of Insight Schools’
 goodwill during the second quarter of fiscal year 2010, which is
 reflected in our loss from discontinued operations. As Insight
 Schools’ goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes, we
 did not record a tax benefit associated with the goodwill
 impairment charge. We reevaluated Insight Schools goodwill at
 its annual May 31 test date which resulted in no additional
 goodwill impairment based on recent exit price information
 received from engaging in non-binding negotiations with
 interested parties. Refer to Note 3, Discontinued
 Operations, in Item 8, Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data, for further discussion.

 • 

 Finite-Lived Intangible Assets — Finite-lived
 intangible assets that are acquired in business combinations are
 recorded at fair market value on their acquisition date and are
 amortized on either a straight-line basis or using an
 accelerated method to reflect the economic useful life of the
 asset. The weighted average useful life of our finite-lived
 intangible assets at August 31, 2010 is 4.6 years.

 At August 31, 2010 and 2009, our finite-lived intangible
 asset balances were $28.9 million and $58.2 million,
 respectively.

 Other
 Long-Lived Asset Impairments

 We evaluate the carrying amount of our major long-lived assets,
 including property and equipment and finite-lived intangible
 assets, whenever changes in circumstances or events indicate
 that the value of such assets may not be fully recoverable.
 Excluding consideration of BPP’s finite-lived intangible
 assets discussed above, we did not recognize any impairment
 charges for our long-lived assets during fiscal year 2010. At
 August 31, 2010, we believe the carrying amounts of our
 remaining long-lived assets are fully recoverable and no
 impairment exists.

 Loss
 Contingencies

 We are subject to various claims and contingencies which are in
 the scope of ordinary and routine litigation incidental to our
 business, including those related to regulation, litigation,
 business transactions, employee-related matters and taxes, among
 others. When we become aware of a claim or potential claim, the
 likelihood of any loss or exposure is assessed. If it is
 probable that a loss will result and the amount of the loss can
 be reasonably estimated, we record a liability for the loss. The
 liability recorded includes probable and estimable legal costs
 incurred to date and future legal costs to the point in the
 legal matter where we believe a conclusion to the matter will be
 reached. If the loss is not probable or the amount of the loss
 cannot be reasonably estimated, we disclose the claim if the
 likelihood of a potential loss is reasonably possible and

 78

Table of Contents

 the amount of the potential loss could be material. For matters
 where no loss contingency is recorded, our policy is to expense
 legal fees as incurred. The assessment of the likelihood of a
 potential loss and the estimation of the amount of a loss are
 subjective and require judgment.

 On June 23, 2010, the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals
 for the Ninth Circuit reversed the District Court’s prior
 ruling in our favor in the securities class action lawsuit, In
 re Apollo Group, Inc. Securities Litigation, Case
 No. CV04-2147-PHX-JAT,
 and ordered the trial court to enter judgment against us in
 accordance with the prior jury verdict. The actual amount of
 damages payable will not be known until all court proceedings
 have been completed and eligible members of the class have
 presented the necessary information and documents to receive
 payment of the award. We have estimated for financial reporting
 purposes, using statistically valid models and a 60% confidence
 interval, that the damages could range from $127.2 million
 to $228.0 million, which includes our estimates of
 (a) damages payable to the plaintiff class; (b) the
 amount we may be required to reimburse our insurance carriers
 for amounts advanced for defense costs; and (c) future
 defense costs. Accordingly, in the third quarter of fiscal year
 2010, we recorded a charge for estimated damages in the amount
 of $132.6 million, which, together with the existing
 reserve of $44.5 million recorded in the second quarter of
 fiscal year 2010, represents the mid-point of the estimated
 range of damages payable to the plaintiffs, plus the other
 estimated costs and expenses. We elected to record an amount
 based on the mid-point of the range of damages payable to the
 plaintiff class because under statistically valid modeling
 techniques the mid-point of the range is in fact a more likely
 estimate than other points in the range, and the point at which
 there is an equal probability that the ultimate loss could be
 toward the lower end or the higher end of the range. During the
 fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, we recorded a
 $0.9 million charge for incremental post-judgment interest.
 Refer to Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies, in
 Item 8, 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,
 for additional information.

 Accounting
 for Income Taxes

 The objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize
 the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year
 and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax
 consequences of events that have been recognized in an
 entity’s financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax
 assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in
 effect for the year in which those temporary differences are
 expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax
 assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in
 earnings in the period when the new rate is enacted.

 The determination of our uncertain tax positions requires us to
 make significant judgments. We evaluate and account for
 uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. Recognition
 (step one) occurs when we conclude that a tax position, based
 solely on its technical merits, is more-likely-than-not to be
 sustained upon examination. Measurement (step two) determines
 the amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be
 realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that
 has full knowledge of all relevant information. Derecognition of
 a tax position that was previously recognized would occur when
 we subsequently determine that a tax position no longer meets
 the more-likely-than-not threshold of being sustained. We do not
 use a valuation allowance as a substitute for derecognition of
 tax positions. Our total unrecognized tax benefits, excluding
 interest and penalties, were $166.0 million and
 $84.9 million as of August 31, 2010 and 2009,
 respectively.

 Share-Based
 Compensation

 We measure and recognize compensation expense for all
 share-based awards issued to faculty, employees and directors
 based on estimated fair values of the share awards on the date
 of grant. We record compensation expense, net of forfeitures,
 for all share-based awards over the expected vesting period
 using the straight-line method for awards with only a service
 condition, and the graded vesting attribution method for awards
 with service and performance conditions.

 We calculate the fair value of share-based awards on the date of
 grant. For stock options, we typically use the
 Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model to estimate fair
 value. The Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model requires us
 to estimate key assumptions such as expected term, volatility,
 risk-free interest rates

 79

Table of Contents

 and dividend yield to determine the fair value of stock options,
 based on both historical information and management judgment
 regarding market factors and trends. In the absence of reliable
 historical data, we generally use the simplified mid-point
 method to estimate expected term of stock options. The
 simplified method uses the mid-point between the vesting term
 and the contractual term of the share option. We have analyzed
 our historical data and believe that the structure and exercise
 behavior of our stock options has changed significantly,
 resulting in a lack of reliable historical exercise data that
 can be used to estimate expected term for stock options granted
 in recent fiscal years. We will continue to use the simplified
 method until reliable historical data is available, or until
 circumstances change such that the use of alternative methods
 for estimating expected term is more appropriate.

 For share-based awards with performance conditions, such as our
 Performance Share Awards described in Note 17, Stock and
 Savings Plans, Item 8, Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data, we measure the fair value of such awards
 as of the date of grant and amortize share-based compensation
 expense for our estimate of the number of shares expected to
 vest. Our estimate of the number of shares that will vest is
 based on our determination of the probable outcome of the
 performance condition, which requires considerable judgment.

 We estimate expected forfeitures of share-based awards at the
 grant date and recognize compensation cost only for those awards
 expected to vest. We estimate our forfeiture rate based on
 several factors including historical forfeiture activity,
 expected future employee turnover, and other qualitative
 factors. We ultimately adjust this forfeiture assumption to
 actual forfeitures. Therefore, changes in the forfeiture
 assumptions do not impact the total amount of expense ultimately
 recognized over the vesting period. Rather, different forfeiture
 assumptions only impact the timing of expense recognition over
 the vesting period. If the actual forfeitures differ from
 management estimates, additional adjustments to compensation
 expense are recorded.

 We used the following weighted average assumptions in the
 Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model for stock options
 granted in the respective fiscal years:

 Year Ended August 31,

 2010

 2009

 2008

 Expected volatility

 48.6

 %

 47.7

 %

 44.2

 %

 Expected life (years)

 4.2

 4.2

 4.2

 Risk-free interest rate

 1.5

 %

 2.2

 %

 2.9

 %

 Dividend yield

 0.0

 %

 0.0

 %

 0.0

 %

 The assumptions that have the most significant effect on the
 fair value of the stock option grants and therefore, share-based
 compensation expense, are the expected life and expected
 volatility. The following table illustrates how changes to these
 assumptions would affect the weighted average fair value per
 option as of the grant date for the approximately 850,000
 options granted during fiscal year 2010:

 Expected Volatility

 Expected Life (Years)

 43.7%

 48.6%

 53.5%

 3.7

 $

 14.86

 $

 16.29

 $

 17.67

 4.2

 15.81

 17.30

 18.74

 4.7

 16.69

 18.25

 19.74

 Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements

 Please refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, in
 Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,
 for recent accounting pronouncements.

 Results
 of Operations

 We have included below a discussion of our operating results and
 significant items which explain the material changes in our
 operating results during fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008. Our
 operations are generally subject to seasonal trends. We
 experience, and expect to continue to experience, fluctuations
 in our results of operations, principally as a result of
 seasonal variations in the level of University of Phoenix
 enrollments.

 80

Table of Contents

 Although University of Phoenix enrolls students throughout the
 year, its net revenue is generally lower in our second fiscal
 quarter (December through February) than the other quarters due
 to holiday breaks in December and January.

 As discussed in the Overview of this MD&A, we expect
 our initiatives to enhance the student experience and outcomes
 will adversely impact our fiscal year 2011 net revenue,
 operating income, and cash flow, as well as University of
 Phoenix New Degreed Enrollment and Degreed Enrollment. However,
 we believe that these efforts are in the best interests of our
 students and, over the long-term, will improve student
 persistence and completion rates and therefore reduce bad debt
 expense, reduce our risk associated with our regulatory
 environment, and position us for more stable long-term growth.

 We categorize our operating expenses as instructional costs and
 services, selling and promotional, and general and
 administrative.

 • 

 Instructional costs and services — consist
 primarily of costs related to the delivery and administration of
 our educational programs and include costs related to faculty
 and administrative compensation, classroom and administration
 lease expenses and depreciation, bad debt expense, financial aid
 processing costs, costs related to the development of our
 educational programs and other related costs. Tuition costs for
 all employees and their eligible family members are recorded as
 an expense within instructional costs and services.

 • 

 Selling and promotional costs — consist
 primarily of compensation for admissions personnel, management
 and support staff and corporate marketing, advertising expenses,
 production of marketing materials, and other costs directly
 related to selling and promotional functions. Selling and
 promotional costs are expensed when incurred.

 • 

 General and administrative costs — consist
 primarily of corporate compensation, occupancy costs,
 depreciation and amortization of property and equipment, legal
 and professional fees, and other related costs.

 81

Table of Contents

 Fiscal
 Year 2010 Compared to Fiscal Year 2009

 Analysis
 of Consolidated Statements of Income

 The table below details our consolidated results of operations.
 For a more detailed discussion by reportable segment, refer to
 our Analysis of Operating Results by Segment.

 % of Net Revenue

 Year Ended August 31,

 Year Ended August 31,

 %

 ($ in millions)

 2010

 2009

 2010

 2009

 Change

 Net revenue

 $

 4,925.8

 $

 3,953.6

 100.0

 %

 100.0

 %

 24.6

 %

 Costs and expenses:

 Instructional costs and services

 2,125.1

 1,567.8

 43.1

 %

 39.7

 %

 35.5

 %

 Selling and promotional

 1,112.6

 952.9

 22.6

 %

 24.1

 %

 16.8

 %

 General and administrative

 314.8

 286.5

 6.4

 %

 7.2

 %

 9.9

 %

 Goodwill and other intangibles impairment

 184.6

 —

 3.8

 %

 —

 *

 Estimated litigation loss

 178.0

 80.5

 3.6

 %

 2.0

 %

 *

 Total costs and expenses

 3,915.1

 2,887.7

 79.5

 %

 73.0

 %

 35.6

 %

 Operating income

 1,010.7

 1,065.9

 20.5

 %

 27.0

 %

 (5.2

 )%

 Interest income

 2.9

 12.6

 0.1

 %

 0.3

 %

 (77.0

 )%

 Interest expense

 (11.9

 )

 (4.4

 )

 (0.3

 )%

 (0.1

 )%

 (170.5

 )%

 Other, net

 (0.6

 )

 (7.2

 )

 0.0

 %

 (0.2

 )%

 91.7

 %

 Income from continuing operations before income taxes

 1,001.1

 1,066.9

 20.3

 %

 27.0

 %

 (6.2

 )%

 Provision for income taxes

 (464.1

 )

 (456.7

 )

 (9.4

 )%

 (11.6

 )%

 (1.6

 )%

 Income from continuing operations

 537.0

 610.2

 10.9

 %

 15.4

 %

 (12.0

 )%

 Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax

 (15.4

 )

 (16.4

 )

 (0.3

 )%

 (0.4

 )%

 6.1

 %

 Net income

 521.6

 593.8

 10.6

 %

 15.0

 %

 (12.2

 )%

 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests

 31.4

 4.5

 0.6

 %

 0.1

 %

 *

 Net income attributable to Apollo

 $

 553.0

 $

 598.3

 11.2

 %

 15.1

 %

 (7.6

 )%

 * not meaningful

 Net
 Revenue

 Our net revenue increased $972.2 million, or 24.6%, in
 fiscal year 2010 compared to fiscal year 2009. University of
 Phoenix’s 19.4% net revenue growth was the primary
 contributor to the increase, mainly due to its growth in Degreed
 Enrollment and selective tuition price increases. Apollo
 Global’s acquisition of BPP also contributed
 $238.6 million, or 6.0 percentage points, of the
 overall increase in net revenue in fiscal year 2010 compared to
 fiscal year 2009. For a more detailed discussion, refer to our
 Analysis of Operating Results by Reportable Segment.

 Instructional
 Costs and Services

 Instructional costs and services increased $557.3 million,
 or 35.5%, in fiscal year 2010 compared to fiscal year 2009,
 which represents a 340 basis point increase as a percentage
 of net revenue. The increase as a percentage of net revenue is
 primarily due to BPP’s cost structure, and an increase in
 bad debt expense as a percentage of net revenue. Bad debt
 expense has increased as a result of the economic downturn and
 an increase in the proportion of our aged receivables that are
 attributable to students enrolled in degree programs with fewer
 than 24 incoming credits. Our collection rates for such students
 are lower compared to students enrolled in

 82

Table of Contents

 graduate level programs and bachelor’s students with a
 higher level of incoming credits. Our bad debt expense was 5.7%
 of net revenue in fiscal year 2010 compared to 3.8% of net
 revenue in fiscal year 2009.

 Selling
 and Promotional

 Selling and promotional expenses increased $159.7 million,
 or 16.8%, in fiscal year 2010 compared to fiscal year 2009, but
 represents a 150 basis point decrease as a percentage of
 net revenue. The increase in expense mainly resulted from
 University of Phoenix’s increased spending on non-Internet
 long-term branding and program driven marketing initiatives. The
 decrease as a percentage of net revenue is due the following:

 • 

 BPP’s cost structure, as BPP incurs lower selling and
 promotional costs as a percentage of net revenue compared to our
 other businesses;

 • 

 reduced reliance on Internet marketing; and

 • 

 improved admissions personnel effectiveness at University of
 Phoenix.

 General
 and Administrative

 General and administrative expenses increased
 $28.3 million, or 9.9%, in fiscal year 2010 compared to
 fiscal year 2009, but represents an 80 basis point decrease
 as a percentage of net revenue. The decrease as a percentage of
 net revenue is primarily due to the following:

 • 

 a reduction in share-based compensation;

 • 

 a reduction in legal costs in connection with defending
 ourselves in various legal matters. Refer to Note 19,
 Commitments and Contingencies, in Item 8, Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data, for discussion of our
 legal matters;

 • 

 the write-off in fiscal year 2009 of $9.4 million of
 information technology fixed assets that resulted primarily from
 our rationalization of software; and

 • 

 expense in fiscal year 2009 resulting from our internal review
 of certain Satisfactory Academic Progress calculations.

 Estimated
 Litigation Loss

 The estimated litigation loss in fiscal year 2010 represents
 charges associated with the Securities Class Action matter.
 The loss in fiscal year 2009 represents a charge associated with
 the Incentive Compensation False Claims Act Lawsuit. For
 discussion of the respective legal matters, refer to
 Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies, in Item 8,
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

 Goodwill
 and Other Intangibles Impairment

 We recorded an $8.7 million impairment of ULA’s
 goodwill in the third quarter of fiscal year 2010, and
 impairments of $156.3 million and $19.6 million for
 BPP’s goodwill and other intangibles, respectively, in the
 fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010. Refer to Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates in this MD&A for
 further discussion.

 Interest
 Income

 Interest income decreased $9.7 million in fiscal year 2010
 compared to fiscal year 2009 primarily due to lower interest
 rates during fiscal year 2010.

 Interest
 Expense

 Interest expense increased $7.5 million in fiscal year 2010
 compared to fiscal year 2009 primarily due to an increase in
 average borrowings principally at subsidiaries of Apollo Global,
 and an increase in average borrowings on our syndicated
 $500 million credit agreement (the “Bank
 Facility”).

 83

Table of Contents

 Other,
 Net

 The loss in fiscal year 2010 was primarily attributable to net
 foreign currency losses related to our international operations.
 The loss in fiscal year 2009 was primarily attributable to
 $6.9 million of expense incurred for the purchase of a call
 option to hedge against foreign currency fluctuations related to
 the BPP acquisition.

 Provision
 for Income Taxes

 Our effective income tax rate for fiscal year 2010 was 46.4%
 compared to 42.8% for fiscal year 2009. The increase was
 primarily attributable to the following:

 • 

 The BPP and ULA goodwill impairments, discussed above, for which
 we do not receive a tax benefit;

 • 

 An increase in other foreign losses for which we do not receive
 a tax benefit; and

 • 

 An increase in our state effective rate principally due to the
 decrease in pre-tax income associated with the BPP and ULA
 goodwill impairment charges noted above. Our state effective
 rate has also been adversely impacted by a number of state law
 changes or interpretations that have resulted in a larger
 portion of our income generated from online operations being
 subject to state income tax in both Arizona and other states.
 Furthermore, as the percentage of our online revenues shift into
 or out of jurisdictions that source online revenues to the
 destination of our customers, or as states aggressively
 interpret existing laws or enact new laws that would begin
 sourcing our online revenues to the destination of our
 customers, our state effective tax rate could change. We are
 also currently under audit by the Arizona Department of Revenue.
 Refer to Note 14, Income Taxes, in Item 8,
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, for further
 discussion.

 The above items were partially offset by the following:

 • 

 A tax benefit recorded in the first quarter of fiscal year 2010
 associated with our settlement of a dispute with the Internal
 Revenue Service relating to the deduction of certain stock
 option compensation on our U.S. federal income tax returns
 beginning in fiscal year 2003;

 • 

 The estimated tax impact on the estimated litigation loss
 recorded in fiscal year 2009 associated with the Incentive
 Compensation False Claims Act Lawsuit; and

 • 

 Certain compensation in fiscal year 2009 for which the tax
 benefit was uncertain under Internal Revenue Code
 Section 162(m).

 Loss from
 Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax

 Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, relates to our
 Insight Schools business, which we classified as held for sale
 and as discontinued operations in the second quarter of fiscal
 year 2010. The decrease in the loss in fiscal year 2010 compared
 to fiscal year 2009 was primarily due to growth in net revenue
 resulting from increased enrollment in the schools operated by
 Insight Schools. This was partially offset by a
 $9.4 million impairment of Insight Schools’ goodwill
 recorded in the second quarter of fiscal year 2010. Refer to
 Note 3, Discontinued Operations, in Item 8,
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, for further
 discussion.

 Net Loss
 Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests

 The increase in net loss attributable to noncontrolling
 interests was primarily due to Apollo Global’s
 noncontrolling shareholder’s portion of the following
 impairment charges recorded during fiscal year 2010:

 • 

 a $156.3 million charge for BPP’s goodwill in the
 fourth quarter;

 • 

 a $19.6 million charge for BPP’s other intangibles in
 the fourth quarter; and

 • an $8.7 million charge for ULA’s goodwill
 in the third quarter.

 84

Table of Contents

 Analysis
 of Operating Results by Reportable Segment

 The table below details our operating results by segment for the
 periods indicated:

 Year Ended August 31,

 $

 %

 ($ in millions)

 2010

 2009

 Change

 Change

 Net revenue

 University of Phoenix

 $

 4,498.3

 $

 3,766.6

 $

 731.7

 19.4

 %

 Apollo Global:

 BPP

 251.7

 13.1

 238.6

 *

 Other(1)

 78.3

 76.1

 2.2

 2.9

 %

 Total Apollo Global

 330.0

 89.2

 240.8

 *

 Other Schools

 95.7

 95.0

 0.7

 0.7

 %

 Corporate(2)

 1.8

 2.8

 (1.0

 )

 (35.7

 )%

 Total net revenue

 $

 4,925.8

 $

 3,953.6

 $

 972.2

 24.6

 %

 Operating income (loss)

 University of Phoenix

 $

 1,447.6

 $

 1,131.3

 $

 316.3

 28.0

 %

 Apollo Global:

 BPP

 (186.6

 )

 (6.6

 )

 (180.0

 )

 *

 Other(1)

 (31.1

 )

 (11.4

 )

 (19.7

 )

 *

 Total Apollo Global

 (217.7

 )

 (18.0

 )

 (199.7

 )

 *

 Other Schools

 9.2

 6.9

 2.3

 33.3

 %

 Corporate(2)

 (228.4

 )

 (54.3

 )

 (174.1

 )

 *

 Total operating income

 $

 1,010.7

 $

 1,065.9

 $

 (55.2

 )

 (5.2

 )%

 * 

 not meaningful

 (1) 

 As a result of contributing all of the common stock of Western
 International University to Apollo Global during fiscal year
 2010, we are presenting Western International University in the
 Apollo Global — Other reportable segment for all
 periods presented.

 (2) 

 The Corporate caption in our segment reporting includes
 adjustments to reconcile segment results to consolidated
 results, which primarily consist of net revenue and corporate
 charges that are not allocated to our segments. The operating
 loss for Corporate in fiscal year 2010 includes
 $178.0 million of charges associated with the Securities
 Class Action matter.

 University
 of Phoenix

 The $731.7 million, or 19.4%, increase in net revenue in
 our University of Phoenix segment was primarily due to
 enrollment growth as detailed below:

 Aggregate New Degreed

 Degreed Enrollment(1)

 Enrollment(1), (2)

 Quarter Ended

 Year Ended

 August 31,

 %

 August 31,

 %

 (rounded to the nearest hundred)

 2010

 2009

 Change

 2010

 2009

 Change

 Associate’s

 200,800

 201,200

 (0.2

 )%

 187,700

 191,700

 (2.1

 )%

 Bachelor’s

 193,600

 163,600

 18.3

 %

 131,300

 108,900

 20.6

 %

 Master’s

 68,700

 71,200

 (3.5

 )%

 49,300

 51,900

 (5.0

 )%

 Doctoral

 7,700

 7,000

 10.0

 %

 3,400

 3,300

 3.0

 %

 Total

 470,800

 443,000

 6.3

 %

 371,700

 355,800

 4.5

 %

 85

Table of Contents

 (1) 

 Refer to Item 1, Business, for definitions of
 Degreed Enrollment and New Degreed Enrollment.

 (2) 

 Aggregate New Degreed Enrollment represents the sum of quarterly
 New Degreed Enrollment during the fiscal year.

 We believe the enrollment growth is primarily attributable to
 the following:

 • 

 Enhancements in our marketing capabilities, along with continued
 investments in enhancing and expanding University of Phoenix
 academic quality and service offerings; and

 • 

 Economic uncertainties, as working learners seek to advance
 their education to improve their job security or reemployment
 prospects. This element of our growth may diminish as the
 economy and the employment outlook improve in the U.S.

 Partially offsetting the factors above are our efforts to better
 identify and enroll students who have the ability to succeed in
 our educational programs. Contributing to this effort are
 refinements in our marketing strategy, including leveraging our
 marketing analytics to identify and enroll those prospective
 students and our University Orientation pilot program. Decreased
 enrollment in master’s degree programs also offsets this
 growth. For further discussion of University Orientation, refer
 to Overview in this MD&A.

 In addition to the growth in Degreed Enrollment, net revenue
 increased due to selective tuition price and other fee changes
 implemented July 1, 2009, which varied by geographic area,
 program, and degree level. In the aggregate, these selective
 price and other fee changes, including increases in discounts
 for military and veteran students, averaged approximately 4%.

 We also implemented selective tuition price and other fee
 changes at University of Phoenix depending on geographic area,
 program, and degree level effective July 1, 2010. In
 aggregate, these tuition price and other fee changes, including
 increased discounts to military and other veteran students in
 selective programs, were generally in the range of 4-6%. Future
 net revenue and operating income will continue to be impacted by
 these price and other fee changes, along with changes in
 enrollment, student mix within programs and degree levels, and
 discounts.

 Operating income in our University of Phoenix segment increased
 $316.3 million, or 28.0%, during fiscal year 2010 compared
 to fiscal year 2009. The increase was primarily attributable to
 the following:

 • 

 The 19.4% increase in University of Phoenix net revenue;

 • 

 Employee headcount has grown at a lower rate than the increase
 in net revenue; and

 • 

 The $80.5 million charge recorded in fiscal year 2009
 associated with the Incentive Compensation False Claims Act
 Lawsuit. Refer to Note 19, Commitments and
 Contingencies, in Item 8, 
Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data, for further discussion.

 The above factors were partially offset by increased bad debt
 expense as a percentage of net revenue. Bad debt expense has
 increased as a result of the economic downturn and an increase
 in the proportion of our aged receivables that are attributable
 to students enrolled in degree programs with fewer than 24
 incoming credits. Our collection rates for such students are
 lower compared to students enrolled in graduate level programs
 and bachelor’s students with a higher level of incoming
 credits.

 Apollo
 Global

 Apollo Global’s net revenue increased $240.8 million
 during fiscal year 2010 compared to fiscal year 2009. Apollo
 Global’s acquisition of BPP during the fourth quarter of
 fiscal year 2009 contributed $238.6 million of the increase
 in net revenue in fiscal year 2010.

 Apollo Global’s operating loss increased
 $199.7 million during fiscal year 2010 compared to fiscal
 year 2009 primarily due to the following:

 • 

 Goodwill and other intangible impairments in fiscal year 2010 of
 $175.9 million and $8.7 million at BPP and ULA,
 respectively;

 86

Table of Contents

 • 

 Amortization of BPP intangible assets, certain expenditures at
 BPP associated with the integration process, and an adverse
 impact on BPP’s operations from the global economic
 downturn.

 • 

 Expenditures at Western International University, UNIACC and ULA
 including, but not limited to, initiatives to enhance academic
 quality and the respective brands.

 Other
 Schools

 The increase in Other Schools’ net revenue and operating
 income was primarily due to increased enrollment at Meritus and
 a contract termination fee earned by IPD during the third
 quarter of fiscal year 2010. Operating income also increased due
 to a decrease in selling and promotional expense at Meritus,
 which is primarily the result of more expenditures in fiscal
 year 2009 related to its launch of programs early in fiscal year
 2009.

 Fiscal
 Year 2009 Compared to Fiscal Year 2008

 Analysis
 of Consolidated Statements of Income

 % of Net Revenue

 Year Ended August 31,

 Year Ended August 31,

 %

 ($ in millions)

 2009

 2008

 2009

 2008

 Change

 Net revenue

 $

 3,953.6

 $

 3,133.4

 100.0

 %

 100.0

 %

 26.2

 %

 Costs and expenses:

 Instructional costs and services

 1,567.8

 1,349.9

 39.7

 %

 43.1

 %

 16.1

 %

 Selling and promotional

 952.9

 801.0

 24.1

 %

 25.6

 %

 19.0

 %

 General and administrative

 286.5

 215.1

 7.2

 %

 6.8

 %

 33.2

 %

 Estimated litigation loss

 80.5

 —

 2.0

 %

 —

 *

 Total costs and expenses

 2,887.7

 2,366.0

 73.0

 %

 75.5

 %

 22.0

 %

 Operating income

 1,065.9

 767.4

 27.0

 %

 24.5

 %

 38.9

 %

 Interest income

 12.6

 30.1

 0.3

 %

 1.0

 %

 (58.1

 )%

 Interest expense

 (4.4

 )

 (3.5

 )

 (0.1

 )%

 (0.1

 )%

 (25.7

 )%

 Other, net

 (7.2

 )

 6.7

 (0.2

 )%

 0.2

 %

 *

 Income from continuing operations before income taxes

 1,066.9

 800.7

 27.0

 %

 25.6

 %

 33.2

 %

 Provision for income taxes

 (456.7

 )

 (314.0

 )

 (11.6

 )%

 (10.1

 )%

 (45.4

 )%

 Income from continuing operations

 610.2

 486.7

 15.4

 %

 15.5

 %

 25.4

 %

 Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax

 (16.4

 )

 (10.8

 )

 (0.4

 )%

 (0.3

 )%

 (51.9

 )%

 Net income

 593.8

 475.9

 15.0

 %

 15.2

 %

 24.8

 %

 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests

 4.5

 0.6

 0.1

 %

 —

 *

 Net income attributable to Apollo

 $

 598.3

 $

 476.5

 15.1

 %

 15.2

 %

 25.6

 %

 * 

 not meaningful

 Net
 Revenue

 Our net revenue increased $820.2 million, or 26.2%, in
 fiscal year 2009 compared to fiscal year 2008. University of
 Phoenix represented approximately 95% of our net revenue during
 this period, and contributed the majority of the increase
 primarily due to growth in Degreed Enrollment and selective
 tuition price and other fee changes. Net revenue also increased
 $46.9 million primarily from Apollo Global earning a full
 year

 87

Table of Contents

 of revenue from acquisitions completed in fiscal year 2008. For
 a more detailed discussion, refer to our Analysis of
 Operating Results by Reportable Segment.

 Instructional
 Costs and Services

 Instructional costs and services increased $217.9 million,
 or 16.1%, in fiscal year 2009 compared to fiscal year 2008, but
 represents a 340 basis point decrease as a percentage of
 net revenue. The decrease as a percentage of net revenue is
 primarily due to University of Phoenix leveraging its fixed
 costs, such as certain employee wages, classroom space and
 depreciation expense, and a decrease in financial aid processing
 costs from the favorable renegotiation, effective September
 2008, of our contract with our outsourced financial aid
 processing vendor. This was partially offset by increases in
 expense as a percentage of net revenue at Apollo Global
 associated with its
 start-up,
 development and other infrastructure and support costs, as well
 as an increase as a percentage of net revenue in bad debt
 expense. Our bad debt expense was 3.8% of net revenue in fiscal
 year 2009 compared to 3.3% of net revenue in fiscal year 2008.

 Selling
 and Promotional

 Selling and promotional expenses increased $151.9 million,
 or 19.0%, in fiscal year 2009 compared to fiscal year 2008
 representing a 150 basis point decrease as a percentage of
 net revenue. The decrease as a percentage of net revenue is
 primarily due to University of Phoenix improved admissions
 personnel effectiveness. Additionally, investments we made in
 our corporate marketing function resulted in more effective
 advertising.

 General
 and Administrative

 General and administrative expenses increased
 $71.4 million, or 33.2%, in fiscal year 2009 compared to
 fiscal year 2008 representing a 40 basis point increase as
 a percentage of net revenue. The increase as a percentage of net
 revenue is primarily due to the following:

 • 

 administrative expenses to support our strategic growth
 initiatives and enhance our corporate governance,

 • 

 increased legal costs in connection with defending ourselves in
 legal matters, and

 • 

 the write-off of $9.4 million of information technology
 fixed assets that resulted primarily from our rationalization of
 software.

 Estimated
 Litigation Loss

 In connection with the Incentive Compensation False Claims
 Act Lawsuit, we accrued $80.5 million in fiscal year
 2009 based on settlement discussions to resolve this matter. We
 settled this legal matter in fiscal year 2010. See Note 19,
 Commitments and Contingencies, in Item 8, 
Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data, for further discussion.

 Interest
 Income

 Interest income decreased $17.5 million in fiscal year 2009
 compared to fiscal year 2008. The decrease is primarily due to
 lower interest rate yields, which was partially offset by
 increases in average cash and cash equivalents balances
 (including restricted cash) during the respective periods. When
 the Federal Reserve Bank lowers the Federal Funds Rate, it
 generally results in a reduction in our interest rates. The
 reduction of the Federal Funds Rate in December 2008 to the
 range of 0.0% — 0.25% lowered our average interest
 rate yield for fiscal year 2009 below 1%.

 88

Table of Contents

 Interest
 Expense

 Interest expense increased $0.9 million in fiscal year 2009
 compared to fiscal year 2008 due to an increase in average
 borrowings during the respective periods, principally due to
 debt incurred by subsidiaries of Apollo Global and borrowings on
 our syndicated $500 million credit agreement (the
 “Bank Facility”).

 Other,
 Net

 The loss in fiscal year 2009 was primarily attributable to
 $6.9 million of expense incurred for the purchase of a call
 option to hedge against foreign currency fluctuations related to
 the BPP acquisition. The remaining loss primarily relates to net
 foreign currency losses related to our international operations.
 The income in fiscal year 2008 was primarily attributable to
 other income of $9.5 million from the forfeiture of an
 escrow deposit provided in connection with a now cancelled
 agreement to sell and leaseback our headquarters, which was
 partially offset by net foreign currency losses related to our
 international operations.

 Provision
 for Income Taxes

 Our effective income tax rate for fiscal year 2009 was 42.8%
 compared to 39.2% for fiscal year 2008. The increase was
 primarily attributable to the following:

 • 

 The estimated tax impact on the estimated litigation loss
 recorded in fiscal year 2009 associated with the Incentive
 Compensation False Claims Act Lawsuit;

 • 

 An increase in state taxes due to the allocation of our online
 operations income amongst various U.S. state and local
 jurisdictions;

 • 

 A reduction in our tax exempt interest income;

 • 

 An increase in net operating losses for which we cannot
 currently take a tax benefit; and

 • 

 Certain compensation in fiscal year 2009 for which the tax
 benefit was uncertain under Internal Revenue Code
 Section 162(m).

 Loss from
 Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax

 Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, relates to our
 Insight Schools business, which we classified as held for sale
 and as discontinued operations in the second quarter of fiscal
 year 2010. The increase in the loss generated by Insight Schools
 during fiscal year 2009 compared to fiscal year 2008 was
 primarily due to increased regulatory compliance costs and
 additional costs to grow the business. See Note 3,
 Discontinued Operations, in Item 8, Financial Statements
 and Supplementary Data, for further discussion.

 89

Table of Contents

 Analysis
 of Operating Results by Reportable Segment

 The table below details our operating results by segment for the
 periods indicated:

 Year Ended August 31,

 $

 %

 ($ in millions)

 2009

 2008

 Change

 Change

 Net revenue

 University of Phoenix

 $

 3,766.6

 $

 2,987.7

 $

 778.9

 26.1

 %

 Apollo Global:

 BPP

 13.1

 —

 13.1

 *

 Other(1)

 76.1

 42.3

 33.8

 79.9

 %

 Total Apollo Global

 89.2

 42.3

 46.9

 110.9

 %

 Other Schools

 95.0

 93.6

 1.4

 1.5

 %

 Corporate(2)

 2.8

 9.8

 (7.0

 )

 *

 Total net revenue

 $

 3,953.6

 $

 3,133.4

 $

 820.2

 26.2

 %

 Operating income (loss)

 University of Phoenix

 $

 1,131.3

 $

 817.6

 $

 313.7

 38.4

 %

 Apollo Global

 BPP

 (6.6

 )

 —

 (6.6

 )

 *

 Other(1)

 (11.4

 )

 1.3

 (12.7

 )

 *

 Total Apollo Global

 (18.0

 )

 1.3

 (19.3

 )

 *

 Other Schools

 6.9

 17.1

 (10.2

 )

 (59.6

 )%

 Corporate(2)

 (54.3

 )

 (68.6

 )

 14.3

 20.8

 %

 Total operating income

 $

 1,065.9

 $

 767.4

 $

 298.5

 38.9

 %

 * 

 not meaningful

 (1) 

 As a result of contributing all of the common stock of Western
 International University to Apollo Global during the third
 quarter of fiscal year 2010, we are presenting Western
 International University in the Apollo Global — Other
 reportable segment for all periods presented.

 (2) 

 The Corporate caption in our segment reporting includes
 adjustments to reconcile segment results to consolidated
 results, which primarily consist of net revenue and corporate
 charges that are not allocated to our segments.

 University
 of Phoenix

 The $778.9 million, or 26.1%, increase in net revenue in
 our University of Phoenix segment was primarily due to
 enrollment growth as detailed below:

 Aggregate New Degreed

 Degreed Enrollment(1)

 Enrollment(1), (2)

 Quarter Ended August 31,

 %

 Year Ended August 31,

 %

 (rounded to the nearest hundred)

 2009

 2008

 Change

 2009

 2008

 Change

 Associate’s

 201,200

 146,500

 37.3

 %

 191,700

 143,400

 33.7

 %

 Bachelor’s

 163,600

 141,800

 15.4

 %

 108,900

 92,400

 17.9

 %

 Master’s

 71,200

 67,700

 5.2

 %

 51,900

 49,400

 5.1

 %

 Doctoral

 7,000

 6,100

 14.8

 %

 3,300

 3,000

 10.0

 %

 Total

 443,000

 362,100

 22.3

 %

 355,800

 288,200

 23.5

 %

 (1) 

 Refer to Item 1, Business, for definitions of
 Degreed Enrollment and New Degreed Enrollment.

 90

Table of Contents

 (2) 

 Aggregate New Degreed Enrollment represents the sum of quarterly
 New Degreed Enrollment during the fiscal year.

 Enrollment growth in Degreed Enrollment and New Degreed
 Enrollment is in part the result of investments in enhancing and
 expanding University of Phoenix academic quality and service
 offerings, which has attracted new students and increased
 student retention. Enhancements in our marketing effectiveness
 have also contributed to the increases. Also, we believe that a
 portion of the increase is due to the economic downturn, as
 working learners seek to advance their education to improve
 their job security or reemployment prospects.

 In addition to the growth in Degreed Enrollment, net revenue
 increased due to selective tuition price and other fee changes
 implemented in July 2009 and July 2008, depending on geographic
 area, program, and degree level. In the aggregate, the July 2009
 selective price and other fee changes, including increases in
 discounts for military and veteran students, averaged
 approximately 4%. The July 2008 selective tuition price and
 other fee changes included an approximate 10% increase in
 associate’s degree tuition price and increases averaging 4%
 to 5% for bachelor’s and master’s degree programs. The
 increase in net revenue was partially offset by a continued
 shift in our student body mix to a higher percentage of students
 enrolled in associate’s degree programs, which have tuition
 prices generally lower than other degree programs.
 Associate’s Degreed Enrollment represented 45.4% of Degreed
 Enrollment during the quarter ended August 31, 2009,
 compared to 40.5% during the quarter ended August 31, 2008.
 In addition, associate’s Degreed Enrollment increased 37.3%
 in the quarter ended August 31, 2009 compared to the
 quarter ended August 31, 2008.

 Operating income in our University of Phoenix segment increased
 $313.7 million, or 38.4%, during fiscal year 2009 compared
 to fiscal year 2008. The increase in operating income was
 positively impacted by the following:

 • 

 Economies of scale associated with the 26.1% increase in
 University of Phoenix net revenue as many costs remain
 relatively fixed such as certain employee wages, classroom space
 and depreciation when University of Phoenix grows its net
 revenue. Additionally, variable employee headcount has grown at
 a lower rate than the increase in net revenue;

 • 

 A decrease in financial aid processing costs from the favorable
 renegotiation, effective September 2008, of our contract with
 our outsourced financial aid processing vendor;

 • 

 Investments in our corporate marketing function that produced
 more effective and efficient advertising resulting in a decrease
 in advertising expense as a percentage of net revenue; and

 • 

 An increase in admissions personnel effectiveness as a result of
 internal initiatives to assist admissions personnel in their
 jobs, as well as an increase in the average tenure of admissions
 personnel.

 Operating income was negatively impacted by the
 $80.5 million estimated litigation loss recorded in
 connection with the Incentive Compensation False Claims Act
 Lawsuit. See Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies, in
 Item 8, 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,
 for further discussion. Operating income was also negatively
 impacted by increased bad debt expense as a percentage of net
 revenue resulting from the economic downturn and an increase in
 the proportion of our aged receivables that are attributable to
 students enrolled in degree programs with fewer than 24 incoming
 credits. Our collection rates for such students are lower
 compared to students enrolled in graduate level programs and
 bachelor’s students with a higher level of incoming credits.

 Apollo
 Global

 Apollo Global net revenue increased $46.9 million during
 fiscal year 2009 compared to fiscal year 2008. The net revenue
 was generated by BPP, which was acquired on July 30, 2009,
 and UNIACC and ULA, which were acquired in the third and fourth
 quarters of fiscal year 2008, respectively.

 The $18.0 million operating loss for Apollo Global during
 fiscal year 2009 was primarily due to the following:

 • 

 General and administrative expenses associated with the pursuit
 of opportunities to partner with
 and/or
 acquire existing institutions of higher learning where we
 believe we can achieve long-term attractive growth and value
 creation; and

 91

Table of Contents

 • 

 Expenditures at BPP, UNIACC and ULA including, but not limited
 to, initiatives to expand offerings and enhance academic quality
 and marketing.

 Other
 Schools

 The decrease in operating income in our Other Schools segment
 was primarily due to our expenditures related to developing
 Meritus University, which launched its first programs early in
 fiscal year 2009.

 Liquidity,
 Capital Resources, and Financial Position

 We believe that our cash and cash equivalents and available
 liquidity will be adequate to satisfy our working capital and
 other liquidity requirements associated with our existing
 operations through at least the next 12 months. We believe
 that the most strategic uses of our cash resources include
 investments in the continued enhancement and expansion of our
 student offerings, share repurchases, acquisition opportunities
 including our commitment to Apollo Global, investments to
 further transition our marketing approaches to more effectively
 identify students who have the ability to succeed in our
 educational programs, and investments in information technology
 initiatives. Additionally, we may be required to post a bond to
 stay enforcement of the judgment in our Securities
 Class Action matter or pay damages awarded in that action.

 Although we currently have substantial available liquidity, our
 ability to access the credit markets and other sources of
 liquidity may be adversely affected if we experience regulatory
 compliance challenges, reduced availability of Title IV funding
 or other adverse effects on our business from regulatory or
 legislative changes.

 Cash
 and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash and Cash
 Equivalents

 The following table provides a summary of our cash and cash
 equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents (including
 long-term) at August 31, 2010 and 2009:

 % of Total Assets at

 August 31,

 August 31,

 %

 ($ in millions)

 2010

 2009

 2010

 2009

 Change

 Cash and cash equivalents

 $

 1,284.8

 $

 968.2

 35.7

 %

 29.7

 %

 32.7

 %

 Restricted cash and cash equivalents

 444.1

 432.3

 12.3

 %

 13.2

 %

 2.7

 %

 Long-term restricted cash and cash equivalents

 126.6

 —

 3.5

 %

 —

 100.0

 %

 Total

 $

 1,855.5

 $

 1,400.5

 51.5

 %

 42.9

 %

 32.5

 %

 Cash and cash equivalents (excluding restricted cash) increased
 $316.6 million primarily due to $1,045.1 million of
 cash provided by operating activities, which was partially
 offset by $446.4 million used for share repurchases,
 $168.2 million used for capital expenditures, and a
 $138.4 million increase in restricted cash (including
 long-term restricted cash). Cash provided by operating
 activities was adversely impacted by our $80.5 million
 settlement payment, including legal fees, in the second quarter
 of fiscal year 2010 for the Incentive Compensation False
 Claims Act Lawsuit.

 During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, we received an
 unfavorable ruling by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in the
 Securities Class Action matter. We are evaluating our
 available options and may be required to post a bond to stay
 enforcement of the judgment. We have estimated that the damages
 for this matter could range from $127.2 million to
 $228.0 million. We believe we have adequate liquidity to
 fund the amount of any required bond, or if necessary, the
 satisfaction of the judgment. Refer to Note 19, Commitments
 and Contingencies, in Item 8, Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data for further discussion.

 Also during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, we posted a
 $126 million letter of credit in favor of the
 U.S. Department of Education as required in connection with
 a program review of University of Phoenix by the Department. The
 letter of credit is fully cash collateralized and must be
 maintained until at least June 30, 2012. The long-term
 restricted cash at August 31, 2010 represents the funds
 used to collateralize this

 92

Table of Contents

 letter of credit. Refer to Note 19, Commitments and
 Contingencies, in Item 8, Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data, for additional information.

 We measure our money market funds included in cash equivalents
 and restricted cash equivalents at fair value. At
 August 31, 2010, we had money market funds totaling
 $1,469.0 million that were valued primarily using real-time
 quotes for transactions in active exchange markets involving
 identical assets, and $386.5 million of cash held in bank
 overnight deposit accounts that approximate fair value. As of
 August 31, 2010, we did not record any material adjustments
 to reflect our money market funds at fair value.

 Debt

 Bank Facility — In fiscal year 2008, we entered
 into a syndicated $500 million credit agreement (the
 “Bank Facility”). The Bank Facility is an unsecured
 revolving credit facility used for general corporate purposes
 including acquisitions and stock buybacks. The Bank Facility has
 an expansion feature for an aggregate principal amount of up to
 $250 million. The term is five years and will expire on
 January 4, 2013. The Bank Facility provides a
 multi-currency

sub-limit
 facility for borrowings in certain specified foreign currencies.

 We borrowed our entire credit line under the Bank Facility, as
 of August 31, 2010 and 2009, which included
 £63.0 million denominated in British Pounds
 (equivalent to $97.9 million and $102.6 million
 U.S. dollars as of August 31, 2010 and August 31,
 2009, respectively) related to the BPP acquisition. We repaid
 the U.S. dollar denominated debt on our Bank Facility of
 $393 million during the first quarter of fiscal year 2010
 and $400.1 million during the first quarter of fiscal year
 2011. We have classified the U.S. dollar denominated
 portion of our Bank Facility borrowings as short-term borrowings
 and the current portion of long-term debt in our Consolidated
 Balance Sheets because it was repaid subsequent to our
 respective fiscal year-ends.

 The Bank Facility fees are determined based on a pricing grid
 that varies according to our leverage ratio. The Bank Facility
 fee ranges from 12.5 to 17.5 basis points and the
 incremental fees for borrowings under the facility range from
 LIBOR + 50.0 to 82.5 basis points. The weighted average
 interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Bank Facility
 at August 31, 2010 and 2009 was 2.9% and 1.0%, respectively.

 The Bank Facility contains affirmative and negative covenants,
 including the following financial covenants: maximum leverage
 ratio, minimum coverage interest and rent expense ratio, and a
 U.S. Department of Education financial responsibility
 composite score. In addition, there are covenants restricting
 indebtedness, liens, investments, asset transfers and
 distributions. We were in compliance with all covenants related
 to the Bank Facility at August 31, 2010.

 BPP Credit Facility — In the fourth quarter of
 fiscal year 2010, we refinanced BPP’s debt by entering into
 a £52.0 million (equivalent to $80.8 million
 based on the August 31, 2010 exchange rate) credit
 agreement (the “BPP Credit Facility”). The BPP Credit
 Facility contains term debt, which was used to refinance
 BPP’s existing debt, and revolving credit facilities used
 for working capital and general corporate purposes. The term of
 the agreement is three years and will expire on August 31,
 2013. The interest rate on borrowings varies according to a
 financial ratio and range from LIBOR + 250 to 325 basis
 points. The weighted average interest rate on BPP’s
 outstanding borrowings at August 31, 2010 and 2009 was 4.0%
 and 1.3%, respectively.

 The BPP Credit Facility contains financial covenants that
 include minimum cash flow coverage ratio, minimum fixed charge
 coverage ratio, maximum leverage ratio, and maximum capital
 expenditure ratio. We were in compliance with all covenants
 related to the BPP Credit Facility at August 31, 2010.

 Other — Other debt includes $8.7 million
 of variable rate debt and $17.0 million of fixed rate debt
 at the subsidiaries of Apollo Global. The weighted average
 interest rate of these debt instruments at August 31, 2010
 and 2009 was 6.7% and 7.2%, respectively.

 93

Table of Contents

 Cash
 Flows

 Operating
 Activities

 The following table provides a summary of our operating cash
 flows during the respective fiscal years:

 Year Ended August 31,

 ($ in millions)

 2010

 2009

 2008

 Net income

 $

 521.6

 $

 593.8

 $

 475.9

 Non-cash items

 719.5

 376.9

 213.4

 Changes in certain operating assets and liabilities

 (196.0

 )

 (10.5

 )

 36.7

 Net cash provided by operating activities

 $

 1,045.1

 $

 960.2

 $

 726.0

 Fiscal year 2010 — Our non-cash items primarily
 consisted of a $282.6 million provision for uncollectible
 accounts receivable, $194.0 million for goodwill and other
 intangibles impairments (including Insight Schools’
 goodwill impairment included in discontinued operations),
 $178.0 million for an estimated litigation loss,
 $147.0 million for depreciation and amortization, and
 $64.3 million for share-based compensation. This was
 partially offset by $125.4 million of deferred income
 taxes. The changes in certain operating assets and liabilities
 primarily consisted of a $266.0 million increase in
 accounts receivable principally due to increased enrollment and
 tuition price increases at University of Phoenix, and a
 $44.7 million decrease in accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities primarily due to the settlement payment for the

Incentive Compensation False Claims Act Lawsuit. This was
 partially offset by a $65.7 million increase in other
 liabilities principally due to an increase in uncertain tax
 positions associated with state taxes, and a $32.9 million
 increase in deferred revenue principally due to increased
 enrollment and tuition price increases.

 Fiscal year 2009 — Our non-cash items primarily
 consisted of a $152.5 million provision for uncollectible
 accounts receivable, $113.4 million for depreciation and
 amortization, $80.5 million for an estimated litigation
 loss for the 
Incentive Compensation False Claims Act
 Lawsuit, and $68.0 million for share-based
 compensation, which was partially offset by $18.5 million
 of excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. The
 changes in certain operating assets and liabilities primarily
 consisted of a $192.3 million increase in accounts
 receivable, primarily due to increased enrollment, as well as a
 delay in disbursements of certain Title IV funds prior to
 year end (see further discussion below). This was partially
 offset by an $80.3 million increase in deferred revenue and
 a $59.5 million increase in student deposits, both of which
 were primarily due to increased enrollment, and an increase of
 $45.4 million in accounts payable and accrued liabilities.

 Fiscal year 2008 — Our non-cash items primarily
 consisted of a $104.2 million provision for uncollectible
 accounts receivable, $92.5 million for depreciation and
 amortization, and $53.6 million for share-based
 compensation, which was partially offset by $18.6 million
 of excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. The
 changes in certain operating assets and liabilities primarily
 consisted of an $85.3 million increase in student deposits
 and a $35.3 million increase in deferred revenue, both of
 which were primarily due to increased enrollment. This was
 partially offset by a $105.7 million increase in accounts
 receivable, also primarily due to increased enrollment.

 We monitor our accounts receivable through a variety of metrics,
 including days sales outstanding. We calculate our days sales
 outstanding by determining average daily student revenue based
 on a rolling twelve month analysis and divide it into the gross
 student accounts receivable balance as of the end of the period.
 As of August 31, 2010, excluding accounts receivable and
 the related net revenue for Apollo Global, our days sales
 outstanding was 30 days as compared to 32 days as of
 August 31, 2009. The decrease in days sales outstanding
 versus a year ago is primarily attributable to a more pronounced
 seasonal increase in accounts receivable at August 31, 2009
 due to University of Phoenix annual student financial aid system
 enhancements and upgrades.

 94

Table of Contents

 Investing
 Activities

 The following table provides a summary of our investing cash
 flows during the respective fiscal years:

 Year Ended August 31,

 ($ in millions)

 2010

 2009

 2008

 Capital expenditures

 $

 (168.2

 )

 $

 (127.3

 )

 $

 (104.9

 )

 Increase in restricted cash and cash equivalents

 (138.4

 )

 (48.2

 )

 (87.7

 )

 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired

 (5.5

 )

 (523.8

 )

 (93.8

 )

 Other

 5.0

 8.0

 25.6

 Net cash used in investing activities

 $

 (307.1

 )

 $

 (691.3

 )

 $

 (260.8

 )

 Fiscal year 2010 — Cash used for investing
 activities primarily consisted of $168.2 million for
 capital expenditures principally related to investments in our
 computer equipment and software, and a $138.4 million
 increase in restricted cash and cash equivalents. The increase
 in restricted cash and cash equivalents includes the
 collateralization of a $126 million letter of credit posted
 in favor of the U.S. Department of Education as required in
 connection with a program review of University of Phoenix by the
 Department.

 We anticipate that our capital expenditures in fiscal year 2011
 will be approximately twice the fiscal year 2010 amount as we
 invest in our core information technology and network
 infrastructure.

 Fiscal year 2009 — Cash used for investing
 activities primarily consisted of $523.8 million for Apollo
 Global’s acquisitions (including $510.1 related to the
 acquisition of BPP), $127.3 million for capital
 expenditures, and a $48.2 million increase in restricted
 cash and cash equivalents. This was partially offset by
 $8.0 million provided by net maturities of marketable
 securities.

 Fiscal year 2008 — Cash used for investing
 activities primarily consisted of $104.9 million for
 capital expenditures (including $12.4 million for our
 corporate headquarters), $93.8 million for acquisitions,
 including Aptimus and Apollo Global’s purchases of UNIACC
 and ULA, and an $87.7 million increase in restricted cash
 and cash equivalents. This was partially offset by
 $25.5 million provided by net maturities of marketable
 securities.

 Financing
 Activities

 The following table provides a summary of our financing cash
 flows during the respective fiscal years:

 Year Ended August 31,

 ($ in millions)

 2010

 2009

 2008

 Purchase of Apollo Group Class A common stock

 $

 (446.4

 )

 $

 (452.5

 )

 $

 (454.4

 )

 (Payments) proceeds related to borrowings, net

 (2.1

 )

 475.8

 (0.4

 )

 Issuance of Apollo Group Class A common stock

 19.7

 117.1

 103.0

 Noncontrolling interest contributions

 2.5

 59.0

 12.1

 Other

 6.6

 18.5

 18.7

 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

 $

 (419.7

 )

 $

 217.9

 $

 (321.0

 )

 Fiscal year 2010 — Cash used in financing
 activities primarily consisted of $446.4 million used for
 the repurchase of 8.0 million shares of our Class A
 common stock. This was partially offset by $19.7 million of
 cash received for stock option exercises.

 Fiscal year 2009 — Cash provided by financing
 activities primarily consisted of $475.8 million of net
 proceeds from borrowings, $117.1 million of cash received
 for stock option exercises and $59.0 million related to
 minority interest contributions. This was partially offset by
 $452.5 million of cash used for the repurchase of
 7.3 million shares of our Class A common stock.

 95

Table of Contents

 Fiscal year 2008 — Cash used for financing
 activities primarily consisted of $454.4 million used for
 the repurchase of 9.8 million shares of our Class A
 common stock. This was partially offset by $103.0 million
 of cash received for stock option exercises.

 Shares of our Class A common stock newly authorized for
 repurchase, repurchased and reissued, and the related total
 cost, for the last three fiscal years are as follows:

 Total Number

 Maximum Value of

 of Shares

 Average Price Paid

 Shares Available

 Repurchased

 Cost

 per Share

 for Repurchase

 (numbers in millions, except per share data)

 Treasury stock as of August 31, 2007

 22.2

 $

 1,461.4

 $

 65.94

 $

 62.3

 New authorizations

 —

 —

 —

 892.1

 Shares repurchased

 9.8

 454.4

 46.25

 (454.4

 )

 Shares reissued

 (2.5

 )

 (158.5

 )

 64.65

 —

 Treasury stock as of August 31, 2008

 29.5

 $

 1,757.3

 $

 59.50

 $

 500.0

 New authorizations

 —

 —

 —

 444.4

 Shares repurchased

 7.2

 444.4

 61.62

 (444.4

 )

 Other share repurchases(1)

 0.1

 8.1

 68.11

 —

 Shares reissued

 (3.1

 )

 (187.2

 )

 59.96

 —

 Treasury stock as of August 31, 2009

 33.7

 $

 2,022.6

 $

 59.94

 $

 500.0

 New authorizations

 —

 —

 —

 500.0

 Shares repurchased

 7.9

 439.3

 55.78

 (439.3

 )

 Other share repurchases(1)

 0.1

 7.1

 47.45

 —

 Shares reissued

 (1.0

 )

 (61.2

 )

 57.95

 —

 Treasury stock as of August 31, 2010

 40.7

 $

 2,407.8

 $

 59.14

 $

 560.7

 (1) 

 In connection with the release of vested shares of restricted
 stock, we repurchased approximately 149,000 and
 119,000 shares for $7.1 million and $8.1 million
 during fiscal years 2010 and 2009, respectively. These
 repurchases relate to tax withholding requirements on the
 restricted stock units and do not fall under the repurchase
 program described below, and therefore do not reduce the amount
 that is available for repurchase under that program. We did not
 have any such repurchases during fiscal year 2008.

 On February 18, 2010, our Board of Directors authorized a
 $500 million increase in the amount available under our
 share repurchase program up to an aggregate amount of
 $1 billion of Apollo Class A common stock. There is no
 expiration date on the repurchase authorizations and repurchases
 occur at our discretion. The amount and timing of future share
 repurchases, if any, will be made as market and business
 conditions warrant. Repurchases may be made on the open market
 or in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to the
 applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules, and may
 include repurchases pursuant to Securities and Exchange
 Commission
 Rule 10b5-1
 nondiscretionary trading programs.

 96

Table of Contents

 Contractual
 Obligations and Other Commercial Commitments

 The following table lists our contractual obligations and other
 commercial commitments as of August 31, 2010:

 Payments Due by Fiscal Year

 ($ in millions)

 2011

 2012-2013

 2014-2015

 Thereafter

 Total

 Debt(1)

 $

 418.7

 $

 160.5

 $

 2.8

 $

 5.6

 $

 587.6

 Operating lease obligations

 162.9

 278.3

 211.7

 278.3

 931.2

 Capital lease obligations

 2.6

 2.7

 1.2

 2.8

 9.3

 Stadium naming rights(2)

 6.5

 13.6

 14.5

 94.2

 128.8

 Uncertain tax positions(3)

 9.6

 —

 —

 117.4

 127.0

 Other obligations(4)

 1.0

 2.9

 3.9

 3.2

 11.0

 Total

 $

 601.3

 $

 458.0

 $

 234.1

 $

 501.5

 $

 1,794.9

 (1) 

 Amounts include expected future interest payments. Refer to
 Note 12, Debt, in Item 8, Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data, for additional information on our
 outstanding debt.

 (2) 

 Amounts consist of an agreement for naming rights to the
 Glendale, Arizona Sports Complex until 2026.

 (3) 

 Amounts consist of unrecognized tax benefits, including interest
 and penalties, that are included in other current and other
 long-term liabilities in our August 31, 2010 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets. We are uncertain as to if or when such amounts
 may be settled.

 (4) 

 Amount consists of unconditional purchase obligations and
 undiscounted deferred compensation payments due to Dr. John
 G. Sperling, our founder.

 We have no other material commercial commitments not included in
 the above table.

 Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements

 As part of our normal operations, our insurers issue surety
 bonds for us that are required by various states where we
 operate. We are obligated to reimburse our insurers for any
 surety bonds that are paid by the insurers. As of
 August 31, 2010, the total face amount of these surety
 bonds was approximately $49.8 million.

 During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, we posted a
 $126 million letter of credit in favor of the
 U.S. Department of Education as required in connection with
 a program review of University of Phoenix by the Department. The
 letter of credit is fully cash collateralized and must be
 maintained until at least June 30, 2012. Refer to
 Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies, in Item 8,
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, for
 additional information.

 Financial
 Aid Program Funds

 See the discussion of financial aid program funds in
 Item 1, Business, 
Financial Aid
 Programs — Domestic Postsecondary.

 Item 7A —
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
 Risk

 Impact of
 Inflation

 Inflation has not had a significant impact on our historical
 operations.

 97

Table of Contents

 Foreign
 Currency Exchange Risk

 We use the U.S. dollar as our reporting currency. The
 functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries are generally
 the local currencies. Accordingly, our foreign currency exchange
 risk is related to the following exposure areas:

 • 

 Adjustments resulting from the translation of assets and
 liabilities of the foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars
 using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet dates. These
 translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss);

 • 

 Earnings volatility from the translation of income and expense
 items of the foreign subsidiaries using an average monthly
 exchange rate for the respective periods; and

 • 

 Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency exchange rate
 changes related to intercompany receivables and payables that
 are not of a long-term investment nature, as well as gains and
 losses from foreign currency transactions. These items are
 recorded in Other, net in our Consolidated Statements of Income.

 In fiscal year 2010, we recorded $20.8 million in net
 foreign currency translation losses, net of tax, that are
 included in other comprehensive income. These losses are
 primarily the result of the strengthening of the
 U.S. dollar relative to the British Pound during fiscal
 year 2010.

 As we continue to expand our international operations, we will
 conduct more transactions in currencies other than the
 U.S. Dollar, thus increasing our exposure to foreign
 currency exchange rate fluctuations. The following table
 outlines our net asset exposure by foreign currency (defined as
 foreign currency assets less foreign currency liabilities and
 excluding intercompany balances) denominated in
 U.S. dollars for foreign currencies in which we have
 significant assets
 and/or
 liabilities as of August 31:

 ($ in millions)

 2010

 2009

 British Pound Sterling

 $

 162.4

 $

 369.6

 Euro

 31.9

 36.0

 Mexican Peso

 20.6

 29.2

 Chilean Peso

 19.5

 18.4

 Apollo has not generally used derivative contracts to hedge
 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.

 Interest
 Rate Risk

 Interest
 Income

 As of August 31, 2010, we held $1,870.7 million in
 cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents
 (including long-term), and marketable securities. During fiscal
 year 2010, we earned interest income of $2.9 million. When
 the Federal Reserve Bank lowers the Federal Funds Rate, it
 generally results in a reduction in our interest rates. The
 reduction of the Federal Funds Rate in December 2008 to the
 range of 0.0% — 0.25% has lowered our interest rate
 yields in fiscal year 2010 below 1%. Based on the current
 Federal Funds Rate, we do not believe any further reduction
 would have a material impact on us.

 98

Table of Contents

 Interest
 Expense

 We have exposure to changing interest rates primarily associated
 with our variable rate debt. At August 31, 2010, we had a
 total outstanding debt balance of $584.4 million. The
 following table presents the weighted-average interest rates and
 our scheduled maturities of principal by fiscal year for our
 outstanding debt at August 31, 2010:

 ($ in millions, except percentages)

 2011

 2012

 2013

 2014

 2015

 Thereafter

 Total

 Fixed-rate debt

 $

 8.5

 $

 3.2

 $

 2.8

 $

 1.5

 $

 1.6

 $

 7.2

 $

 24.8

 Average interest rate

 5.2

 %

 Variable-rate debt

 $

 407.9

 $

 18.0

 $

 133.7

 $

 —

 $

 —

 $

 —

 $

 559.6

 Average interest rate

 3.1

 %

 We have an interest rate swap with a notional amount of
 £32.0 million ($49.7 million) used to minimize
 the interest rate exposure on a portion of BPP’s variable
 rate debt. The interest rate swap is used to fix the variable
 interest rate on the associated debt. As of August 31,
 2010, the fair value of the swap is a liability of
 $5.1 million and is included in other liabilities in our
 Consolidated Balance Sheets.

 For the purpose of sensitivity, based on our outstanding
 variable rate debt exposed to changes in interest rates as of
 August 31, 2010, an increase of 100 basis points in
 our weighted average interest rate would increase interest
 expense by approximately $5.1 million on an annual basis.

 Substantially all of our debt is variable interest rate and the
 carrying amount approximates fair value.

 Auction-Rate
 Securities Risk

 At August 31, 2010, our auction-rate securities totaled
 $15.2 million. Our auction-rate securities are
 insignificant to our total assets that require fair value
 measurements and thus, the use and possible changes in the use
 of these unobservable inputs would not have a material impact on
 our liquidity and capital resources.

 We will continue to monitor our investment portfolio. We will
 also continue to evaluate any changes in the market value of the
 failed auction-rate securities that have not been liquidated and
 depending upon existing market conditions, we may be required to
 record
 other-than-temporary
 impairment charges in the future.

 For further discussion of our fair value measurements, refer to
 Note 10, Fair Value Measurements, in Item 8,
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

 99

Table of Contents

 Item 8 —
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

 Page

 Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm

 101

 Consolidated Balance Sheets

 102

 Consolidated Statements of Income

 103

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
 Income

 104

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in
 Shareholders’ Equity

 105

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows from
 Continuing and Discontinued Operations

 106

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 107

 100

Table of Contents

 REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of

 Apollo Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

 Phoenix, Arizona

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
 Apollo Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as
 of August 31, 2010 and 2009, and the related consolidated
 statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders’
 equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
 ended August 31, 2010. These financial statements are the
 responsibility of the Company’s management. Our
 responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
 statements based on our audits.

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
 test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
 the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
 statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
 reasonable basis for our opinion.

 In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present
 fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
 Apollo Group, Inc. and subsidiaries as of August 31, 2010
 and 2009, and the results of their operations and their cash
 flows for each of the three years in the period ended
 August 31, 2010, in conformity with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America.

 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
 Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of
 August 31, 2010, based on the criteria established in
 Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
 and our report dated October 20, 2010 expressed an
 unqualified opinion on the Company’s internal control over
 financial reporting.

 /s/  DELOITTE &
 TOUCHE LLP

 Phoenix, Arizona

 October 20, 2010

 101

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS

 As of August 31,

 (In thousands)

 2010

 2009

 ASSETS:

 Current assets

 Cash and cash equivalents

 $

 1,284,769

 $

 968,246

 Restricted cash and cash equivalents

 444,132

 432,304

 Accounts receivable, net

 264,377

 298,270

 Deferred tax assets, current portion

 166,549

 88,022

 Prepaid taxes

 39,409

 57,658

 Other current assets

 38,031

 35,517

 Assets held for sale from discontinued operations

 15,945

 —

 Total current assets

 2,253,212

 1,880,017

 Property and equipment, net

 619,537

 557,507

 Long-term restricted cash and cash equivalents

 126,615

 —

 Marketable securities

 15,174

 19,579

 Goodwill

 322,159

 522,358

 Intangible assets, net

 150,593

 203,671

 Deferred tax assets, less current portion

 99,071

 66,254

 Other assets

 15,090

 13,991

 Total assets

 $

 3,601,451

 $

 3,263,377

 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY:

 Current liabilities

 Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt

 $

 416,361

 $

 461,365

 Accounts payable

 90,830

 66,928

 Accrued liabilities

 375,461

 268,418

 Student deposits

 493,245

 491,639

 Deferred revenue

 359,724

 333,041

 Other current liabilities

 53,416

 133,887

 Liabilities held for sale from discontinued operations

 4,474

 —

 Total current liabilities

 1,793,511

 1,755,278

 Long-term debt

 168,039

 127,701

 Deferred tax liabilities

 38,875

 55,636

 Other long-term liabilities

 212,286

 100,149

 Total liabilities

 2,212,711

 2,038,764

 Commitments and contingencies (Note 19)

 Shareholders’ equity

 Preferred stock, no par value, 1,000 shares authorized;
 none issued

 —

 —

 Apollo Group Class A nonvoting common stock, no par value,
 400,000 shares authorized; 188,007 issued as of
 August 31, 2010 and 2009, and 147,293 and 154,260
 outstanding as of August 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively

 103

 103

 Apollo Group Class B voting common stock, no par value,
 3,000 shares authorized; 475 issued and outstanding as of
 August 31, 2010 and 2009

 1

 1

 Additional paid-in capital

 46,865

 1,139

 Apollo Group Class A treasury stock, at cost, 40,714 and
 33,746 shares as of August 31, 2010 and 2009,
 respectively

 (2,407,788

 )

 (2,022,623

 )

 Retained earnings

 3,748,045

 3,195,043

 Accumulated other comprehensive loss

 (31,176

 )

 (13,740

 )

 Total Apollo shareholders’ equity

 1,356,050

 1,159,923

 Noncontrolling interests

 32,690

 64,690

 Total equity

 1,388,740

 1,224,613

 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity

 $

 3,601,451

 $

 3,263,377

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
 consolidated financial statements.

 102

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF INCOME

 Year Ended August 31,

 (In thousands, except per share data)

 2010

 2009

 2008

 Net revenue

 $

 4,925,819

 $

 3,953,566

 $

 3,133,436

 Costs and expenses:

 Instructional costs and services

 2,125,082

 1,567,754

 1,349,879

 Selling and promotional

 1,112,666

 952,884

 800,989

 General and administrative

 314,795

 286,493

 215,192

 Goodwill and other intangibles impairment

 184,570

 —

 —

 Estimated litigation loss

 177,982

 80,500

 —

 Total costs and expenses

 3,915,095

 2,887,631

 2,366,060

 Operating income

 1,010,724

 1,065,935

 767,376

 Interest income

 2,920

 12,591

 30,078

 Interest expense

 (11,891

 )

 (4,448

 )

 (3,450

 )

 Other, net

 (685

 )

 (7,151

 )

 6,772

 Income from continuing operations before income taxes

 1,001,068

 1,066,927

 800,776

 Provision for income taxes

 (464,063

 )

 (456,720

 )

 (314,025

 )

 Income from continuing operations

 537,005

 610,207

 486,751

 Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax

 (15,424

 )

 (16,377

 )

 (10,824

 )

 Net income

 521,581

 593,830

 475,927

 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests

 31,421

 4,489

 598

 Net income attributable to Apollo

 $

 553,002

 $

 598,319

 $

 476,525

 Earnings (loss) per share — Basic:

 Continuing operations attributable to Apollo

 $

 3.74

 $

 3.90

 $

 2.97

 Discontinued operations attributable to Apollo

 (0.10

 )

 (0.11

 )

 (0.07

 )

 Basic income per share attributable to Apollo

 $

 3.64

 $

 3.79

 $

 2.90

 Earnings (loss) per share — Diluted:

 Continuing operations attributable to Apollo

 $

 3.72

 $

 3.85

 $

 2.94

 Discontinued operations attributable to Apollo

 (0.10

 )

 (0.10

 )

 (0.07

 )

 Diluted income per share attributable to Apollo

 $

 3.62

 $

 3.75

 $

 2.87

 Basic weighted average shares outstanding

 151,955

 157,760

 164,109

 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding

 152,906

 159,514

 165,870

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
 consolidated financial statements.

 103

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

 Year Ended August 31,

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 2008

 Net income

 $

 521,581

 $

 593,830

 $

 475,927

 Other comprehensive income (loss) (net of tax):

 Currency translation loss

 (20,844

 )

 (11,705

 )

 (1,704

 )

 Change in fair value of auction-rate securities

 369

 (390

 )

 (973

 )

 Comprehensive income

 501,106

 581,735

 473,250

 Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling
 interests

 34,460

 6,625

 775

 Comprehensive income attributable to Apollo

 $

 535,566

 $

 588,360

 $

 474,025

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
 consolidated financial statements.

 104

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

 Common Stock

 Apollo Group

 Treasury Stock

 Class A

 Class B

 Apollo Group

 Accumulated

 Total

 Nonvoting

 Voting

 Additional

 Class A

 Other

 Apollo

 Non-

 Stated

 Stated

 Paid-in

 Stated

 Retained

 Comprehensive

 Shareholders’

 controlling

 Total

 (In thousands)

 Shares

 Value

 Shares

 Value

 Capital

 Shares

 Value

 Earnings

 Loss

 Equity

 Interests

 Equity

 Balance as of August 31, 2007

 188,007

 $

 103

 475

 $

 1

 $

 —

 22,163

 $

 (1,461,368

 )

 $

 2,096,385

 $

 (1,281

 )

 $

 633,840

 $

 —

 $

 633,840

 Treasury stock purchases

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 9,824

 (454,362

 )

 —

 —

 (454,362

 )

 —

 (454,362

 )

 Treasury stock issued under stock purchase plans

 —

 —

 —

 —

 (773

 )

 (103

 )

 6,339

 —

 —

 5,566

 —

 5,566

 Treasury stock issued under stock incentive plans

 —

 —

 —

 —

 (77,141

 )

 (2,348

 )

 152,114

 22,430

 —

 97,403

 —

 97,403

 Tax effect for stock incentive plans

 —

 —

 —

 —

 5,907

 —

 —

 —

 —

 5,907

 —

 5,907

 Reclassification of liability awards to equity

 —

 —

 —

 —

 16,655

 —

 —

 —

 —

 16,655

 —

 16,655

 Share-based compensation

 —

 —

 —

 —

 53,570

 —

 —

 —

 —

 53,570

 —

 53,570

 Currency translation adjustment, net of tax

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 (1,527

 )

 (1,527

 )

 (177

 )

 (1,704

 )

 Change in fair value of auction-rate securities, net of tax

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 (973

 )

 (973

 )

 —

 (973

 )

 Noncontrolling interest contributions

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 12,149

 12,149

 Other

 —

 —

 —

 —

 1,782

 —

 —

 —

 —

 1,782

 405

 2,187

 Net income (loss)

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 476,525

 —

 476,525

 (598

 )

 475,927

 Balance as of August 31, 2008

 188,007

 $

 103

 475

 $

 1

 $

 —

 29,536

 $

 (1,757,277

 )

 $

 2,595,340

 $

 (3,781

 )

 $

 834,386

 $

 11,779

 $

 846,165

 Treasury stock purchases

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 7,331

 (452,487

 )

 —

 —

 (452,487

 )

 —

 (452,487

 )

 Treasury stock issued under stock purchase plans

 —

 —

 —

 —

 77

 (90

 )

 5,384

 —

 —

 5,461

 —

 5,461

 Treasury stock issued under stock incentive plans

 —

 —

 —

 —

 (71,526

 )

 (3,031

 )

 181,757

 1,384

 —

 111,615

 —

 111,615

 Tax effect for stock incentive plans

 —

 —

 —

 —

 4,550

 —

 —

 —

 —

 4,550

 —

 4,550

 Share-based compensation

 —

 —

 —

 —

 68,038

 —

 —

 —

 —

 68,038

 —

 68,038

 Currency translation adjustment, net of tax

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 (9,569

 )

 (9,569

 )

 (2,136

 )

 (11,705

 )

 Change in fair value of auction-rate securities, net of tax

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 (390

 )

 (390

 )

 —

 (390

 )

 Noncontrolling interest contributions

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 58,980

 58,980

 Other

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 556

 556

 Net income (loss)

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 598,319

 —

 598,319

 (4,489

 )

 593,830

 Balance as of August 31, 2009

 188,007

 $

 103

 475

 $

 1

 $

 1,139

 33,746

 $

 (2,022,623

 )

 $

 3,195,043

 $

 (13,740

 )

 $

 1,159,923

 $

 64,690

 $

 1,224,613

 Treasury stock purchases

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 8,024

 (446,398

 )

 —

 —

 (446,398

 )

 —

 (446,398

 )

 Treasury stock issued under stock purchase plans

 —

 —

 —

 —

 (447

 )

 (100

 )

 5,967

 —

 —

 5,520

 —

 5,520

 Treasury stock issued under stock incentive plans

 —

 —

 —

 —

 (41,115

 )

 (956

 )

 55,266

 —

 —

 14,151

 —

 14,151

 Tax effect for stock incentive plans

 —

 —

 —

 —

 (4,501

 )

 —

 —

 —

 —

 (4,501

 )

 —

 (4,501

 )

 Tax benefit related to IRS dispute settlement

 —

 —

 —

 —

 27,484

 —

 —

 —

 —

 27,484

 —

 27,484

 Share-based compensation

 —

 —

 —

 —

 64,305

 —

 —

 —

 —

 64,305

 —

 64,305

 Currency translation adjustment, net of tax

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 (17,805

 )

 (17,805

 )

 (3,039

 )

 (20,844

 )

 Change in fair value of auction-rate securities, net of tax

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 369

 369

 —

 369

 Noncontrolling interest contributions

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 2,460

 2,460

 Net income (loss)

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 —

 553,002

 —

 553,002

 (31,421

 )

 521,581

 Balance as of August 31, 2010

 188,007

 $

 103

 475

 $

 1

 $

 46,865

 40,714

 $

 (2,407,788

 )

 $

 3,748,045

 $

 (31,176

 )

 $

 1,356,050

 $

 32,690

 $

 1,388,740

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
 consolidated financial statements.

 105

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

 FROM
 CONTINUING AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

 Year Ended August 31,

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 2008

 Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities:

 Net income

 $

 521,581

 $

 593,830

 $

 475,927

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
 operating activities:

 Share-based compensation

 64,305

 68,038

 53,570

 Excess tax benefits from share-based compensation

 (6,648

 )

 (18,543

 )

 (18,648

 )

 Depreciation and amortization

 147,035

 113,350

 92,496

 Amortization of lease incentives

 (13,358

 )

 (12,807

 )

 (12,680

 )

 Impairment on discontinued operations

 9,400

 —

 —

 Goodwill and other intangibles impairment

 184,570

 —

 —

 Loss on fixed assets write-off

 —

 9,416

 —

 Amortization of deferred gain on sale-leasebacks

 (1,705

 )

 (1,715

 )

 (1,786

 )

 Non-cash foreign currency loss (gain), net

 643

 (62

 )

 2,825

 Provision for uncollectible accounts receivable

 282,628

 152,490

 104,201

 Estimated litigation loss

 177,982

 80,500

 —

 Deferred income taxes

 (125,399

 )

 (13,799

 )

 (6,624

 )

 Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding the impact of
 acquisitions:

 Accounts receivable

 (265,996

 )

 (192,289

 )

 (105,726

 )

 Other assets

 2,183

 9,945

 (7,285

 )

 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

 (44,653

 )

 45,406

 (14,155

 )

 Income taxes payable

 10,421

 (30,848

 )

 21,667

 Student deposits

 3,445

 59,458

 85,294

 Deferred revenue

 32,887

 80,315

 35,281

 Other liabilities

 65,749

 17,542

 21,649

 Net cash provided by operating activities

 1,045,070

 960,227

 726,006

 Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities:

 Additions to property and equipment

 (168,177

 )

 (127,356

 )

 (104,879

 )

 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired

 (5,497

 )

 (523,795

 )

 (93,763

 )

 Purchase of marketable securities

 —

 —

 (875,205

 )

 Maturities of marketable securities

 5,000

 8,035

 900,715

 Increase in restricted cash and cash equivalents

 (138,443

 )

 (48,149

 )

 (87,686

 )

 Net cash used in investing activities

 (307,117

 )

 (691,265

 )

 (260,818

 )

 Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities:

 Payments on borrowings

 (477,568

 )

 (37,341

 )

 (251,435

 )

 Proceeds from borrowings

 475,454

 513,170

 250,991

 Apollo Class A common stock purchased for treasury

 (446,398

 )

 (452,487

 )

 (454,362

 )

 Issuance of Apollo Class A common stock

 19,671

 117,076

 102,969

 Noncontrolling interest contributions

 2,460

 58,980

 12,149

 Excess tax benefits from share-based compensation

 6,648

 18,543

 18,648

 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

 (419,733

 )

 217,941

 (321,040

 )

 Exchange rate effect on cash and cash equivalents

 (1,697

 )

 (1,852

 )

 (272

 )

 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

 316,523

 485,051

 143,876

 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year

 968,246

 483,195

 339,319

 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year

 $

 1,284,769

 $

 968,246

 $

 483,195

 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information

 Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds

 $

 514,532

 $

 472,241

 $

 289,630

 Cash paid for interest

 $

 7,837

 $

 3,683

 $

 2,874

 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing
 activities

 Restricted stock units vested and released

 $

 19,868

 $

 22,617

 $

 —

 Credits received for tenant improvements

 $

 17,372

 $

 12,674

 $

 9,604

 Accrued purchases of property and equipment

 $

 10,136

 $

 5,081

 $

 4,072

 Settlement and reclassification of liability awards

 $

 —

 $

 —

 $

 16,655

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
 consolidated financial statements.

 106

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 Note 1.  

 Nature of
 Operations

 Apollo Group, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and
 majority-owned subsidiaries, collectively referred to herein as
 “the Company,” “Apollo Group,”
 “Apollo,” “APOL,” “we,”
 “us” or “our,” has been an education
 provider for more than 35 years. We offer innovative and
 distinctive educational programs and services both online and
 on-campus at the undergraduate, master’s and doctoral
 levels through our wholly-owned subsidiaries:

 • 

 The University of Phoenix, Inc. (“University of
 Phoenix”);

 • 

 Institute for Professional Development (“IPD”);

 • 

 The College for Financial Planning Institutes Corporation
 (“CFFP”); and

 • 

 Meritus University, Inc. (“Meritus”).

 In addition to these wholly-owned subsidiaries, in October 2007,
 we formed a joint venture with The Carlyle Group
 (“Carlyle”), called Apollo Global, Inc. (“Apollo
 Global”), to pursue investments primarily in the
 international education services industry. Apollo Group
 currently owns 85.6% of Apollo Global, with Carlyle owning the
 remaining 14.4%. As of August 31, 2010, total contributions
 made to Apollo Global were approximately $555.3 million, of
 which $475.3 million was funded by us. Apollo Global is
 consolidated in our financial statements. Apollo Global has
 completed the following acquisitions:

 • 

 BPP Holdings plc (“BPP”) in the United Kingdom;

 • 

 Universidad de Artes, Ciencias y Comunicación
 (“UNIACC”) in Chile; and

 • 

 Universidad Latinoamericana (“ULA”) in Mexico.

 In addition, in April 2010, we contributed all of the common
 stock of Western International University, Inc. (“Western
 International University”), which was previously our
 wholly-owned subsidiary, to Apollo Global. Refer to Note 4,
 Acquisitions, for further discussion. This transaction was
 accounted for as a transfer between entities under common
 control and no gain or loss was recognized.

 We also operate online high school programs through our Insight
 Schools, Inc. (“Insight Schools”) wholly-owned
 subsidiary. In the second quarter of fiscal year 2010, we
 initiated a formal plan to sell Insight Schools, engaged an
 investment bank and also began the process of actively marketing
 Insight Schools as we determined that the business was no longer
 consistent with our long-term strategic objectives. Accordingly,
 we have presented Insight Schools as held for sale and as
 discontinued operations. Refer to Note 3, Discontinued
 Operations, for further discussion.

 Our fiscal year is from September 1 to August 31. Unless
 otherwise stated, references to the years 2010, 2009 and 2008
 relate to fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.

 Note 2.  

 Significant
 Accounting Policies

 Basis
 of Presentation

 These financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the
 rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
 Commission and, in the opinion of management, contain all
 adjustments necessary to fairly present the financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.

 Information and note disclosures included in these consolidated
 financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 (“GAAP”). We believe that the disclosures made are
 adequate to make the information presented not misleading.

 Principles
 of Consolidation

 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
 Apollo Group, Inc., its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and
 subsidiaries that we control. Interests in our subsidiaries that
 we control are reported using the full-consolidation method. We
 fully consolidate the results of operations and the assets and
 liabilities of

 107

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 these subsidiaries in our consolidated financial statements. All
 material intercompany transactions and balances have been
 eliminated in consolidation.

 Use of
 Estimates

 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP
 requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions
 that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
 of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues
 and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
 differ from these estimates.

 Revenue
 Recognition

 Our educational programs, primarily composed of University of
 Phoenix programs, are designed to range in length from
 one-day
 seminars to degree programs lasting up to four years. Students
 in University of Phoenix degree programs generally enroll in a
 program of study encompassing a series of five- to nine-week
 courses taken consecutively over the length of the program.
 Generally, students are billed on a

course-by-course
 basis when the student first attends a session, resulting in the
 recording of a receivable from the student and deferred revenue
 in the amount of the billing. University of Phoenix students
 generally fund their education through loans

and/or
 grants under various Title IV programs, tuition assistance
 from their employers, or personal funds.

 Net revenue consists principally of tuition and fees associated
 with different educational programs as well as related
 educational resources such as access to online materials, books,
 and study texts. Net revenue is shown net of discounts. Tuition
 benefits for our employees and their eligible dependants are
 included in net revenue and instructional costs and services.
 Total employee tuition benefits were $100.3 million,
 $90.5 million and $77.9 million for fiscal years 2010,
 2009 and 2008, respectively.

 The following describes the components of our net revenue:

 • 

 Tuition and educational services revenue represents
 approximately 92% of our gross consolidated revenue before
 discounts, and encompasses both online and classroom-based
 learning. For our University of Phoenix operations, tuition
 revenue is recognized pro rata over the period of instruction as
 services are delivered to students.

 BPP recognizes tuition revenue as services are provided over the
 course of the program, which varies depending on the program
 structure. For our remaining Apollo Global operations, tuition
 revenue is generally recognized over the length of the course
 and/or
 program as applicable.

 • 

 Educational materials revenue represents approximately 6%
 of our gross consolidated revenue before discounts, and relates
 to online course materials delivered to students over the period
 of instruction. Revenue associated with these materials is
 recognized pro rata over the period of the related course to
 correspond with delivery of the materials to students.
 Educational materials also includes the sale of various books,
 study texts, course notes, and CDs for which we recognize
 revenue when the materials have been delivered to and accepted
 by students or other customers.

 • 

 Services revenue represents approximately 2% of our gross
 consolidated revenue before discounts. Services revenue consists
 principally of the contractual share of tuition revenue from
 students enrolled in IPD programs at private colleges and
 universities (“Client Institutions”). IPD provides
 program development, administration and management consulting
 services to Client Institutions to establish or expand their
 programs for working learners. These services typically include
 degree program design, curriculum development, market research,
 student recruitment, accounting, and administrative services.
 IPD typically is paid a portion of the tuition revenue generated
 from these programs. IPD’s contracts with its Client
 Institutions generally range in length from five to ten years,
 with provisions for renewal.

 108

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 The portion of service revenue to which we are entitled under
 the terms of the contracts is recognized as the services are
 provided.

 • 

 Other revenue represents less than 1% of our gross
 consolidated revenue before discounts. Other revenue consists of
 the fees students pay when submitting an enrollment application,
 which, along with the related application costs associated with
 processing the applications, are deferred and recognized over
 the average length of time a student remains enrolled in a
 program of study. Other revenue also includes non-tuition
 generating revenues, such as renting classroom space and other
 student support services. Revenue from these sources is
 recognized as the services are provided.

 • 

 Discounts represent approximately 5% of our gross
 consolidated revenue. Discounts reflect reductions in tuition or
 other revenue including military, corporate, and other employer
 discounts, along with institutional scholarships, grants and
 promotions.

 Effective March 1, 2008, University of Phoenix changed its
 refund policy whereby students who attend 60% or less of a
 course are eligible for a refund for the portion of the course
 they did not attend. Under the prior refund policy, if a student
 dropped or withdrew after attending one class of a course,
 University of Phoenix earned 25% of the tuition for the course,
 and if they dropped or withdrew after attending two classes of a
 course, University of Phoenix earned 100% of the tuition for the
 course. Refunds are recorded as a reduction in deferred revenue
 during the period that a student drops or withdraws from a
 class. This refund policy applies to students in most, but not
 all states, as some states require different policies.

 During the second quarter of fiscal year 2010, we began
 presenting Insight Schools’ operating results as
 discontinued operations. Accordingly, Insight Schools’ net
 revenue is included in loss from discontinued operations, net of
 tax in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Insight Schools
 generates the majority of its tuition and educational services
 revenue through long-term contracts with school districts or
 not-for-profit
 organizations. The term for these contracts ranges from five to
 ten years with provisions for renewal thereafter. We recognize
 revenue under these contracts over the period during which
 educational services are provided to students, which generally
 commences in August or September and ends in May or June.

 Generally, net revenue varies from period to period based on
 several factors, including the aggregate number of students
 attending classes, the number of classes held during the period,
 the tuition price per credit and seasonality.

 Sales tax collected from students is excluded from net revenue.
 Collected but unremitted sales tax is included as a liability in
 our Consolidated Balance Sheets and is not material to our
 consolidated financial statements.

 Allowance
 for Doubtful Accounts

 We reduce accounts receivable by an allowance for amounts that
 we expect to become uncollectible in the future. Estimates are
 used in determining the allowance for doubtful accounts and are
 based on historical collection experience and current trends. In
 determining these amounts, we consider and evaluate the
 historical write-offs of our receivables. We monitor our
 collections and write-off experience to assess whether
 adjustments are necessary.

 When a student with Title IV loans withdraws, Title IV
 rules determine if we are required to return a portion of
 Title IV funds to the lenders. We are then entitled to
 collect these funds from the students, but collection rates for
 these types of receivables is significantly lower than our
 collection rates for receivables for students who remain in our
 educational programs.

 We routinely evaluate our estimation methodology for adequacy
 and modify it as necessary. In doing so, our objective is to
 cause our allowance for doubtful accounts to reflect the amount
 of receivables that will become uncollectible by considering our
 most recent collections experience, changes in trends and other

 109

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 relevant facts. In doing so, we believe our allowance for
 doubtful accounts reflects the most recent collections
 experience and is responsive to changes in trends. Our accounts
 receivable are written off once the account is deemed to be
 uncollectible. This typically occurs once we have exhausted all
 efforts to collect the account, which include collection
 attempts by our employees and outside collection agencies.
 Please refer to Note 6, Accounts Receivable, net, for
 further discussion.

 Cash
 and Cash Equivalents

 We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with an
 original maturity of three months or less to be cash
 equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents include money market
 funds, bank overnight deposits, and tax-exempt commercial paper,
 which are all placed with high-credit-quality institutions in
 the U.S. and internationally. We have not experienced any
 losses on our cash and cash equivalents.

 Restricted
 Cash and Cash Equivalents

 Short-term restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily
 represents amounts held for students that were received from
 federal and state governments under various student aid grant
 and loan programs, such as Title IV program funds, that we
 are required to maintain pursuant to U.S. Department of
 Education and other regulations. Restricted cash and cash
 equivalents also includes certain funds that we may be required
 to return if a student who receives Title IV program funds
 withdraws from a program. These components of our restricted
 cash and cash equivalents are not legally restricted or
 otherwise segregated from our other assets. Long-term restricted
 cash and cash equivalents consist of funds used to collateralize
 a letter of credit as further discussed at Note 7,
 Long-Term Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents. Restricted cash
 and cash equivalents are excluded from cash and cash equivalents
 in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements
 of Cash Flows from Continuing and Discontinued Operations. Our
 restricted cash and cash equivalents are primarily held in money
 market funds that are invested in municipal bonds, securities
 issued by or guaranteed by the U.S. government, and
 repurchase agreements.

 Marketable
 Securities

 Marketable securities consist of auction-rate securities.
 Auction-rate securities are investments with interest rates that
 reset periodically through an auction process. Auction-rate
 securities are classified as
 available-for-sale
 and are stated at fair value, which had historically been
 consistent with amortized cost or par value due to interest
 rates which reset periodically, typically between 7 and
 35 days. However, beginning in February 2008 and continuing
 through fiscal year 2010, due to uncertainty in the global
 credit and capital markets and other factors, auction-rate
 securities have experienced failed auctions resulting in a lack
 of liquidity for these instruments that has reduced the
 estimated fair market value for these securities below par
 value. Our auction-rate securities instruments, due to the lack
 of liquidity, are classified as non-current. Interest is
 included in interest income in our Consolidated Statements of
 Income. Please refer to Note 5, Marketable Securities, for
 further discussion.

 Property
 and Equipment, net

 Property and equipment is recorded at cost less accumulated
 depreciation. Property and equipment under capital leases, and
 the related obligation, is recorded at an amount equal to the
 present value of future minimum lease payments. Buildings,
 furniture, equipment, and software, including internally
 developed software, are depreciated using the straight-line
 method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets,
 which range from 3 to 40 years. Capital leases, leasehold
 improvements and tenant improvement allowances are amortized
 using the straight-line method over the shorter of the lease
 term or the estimated useful lives of the related assets.
 Construction in progress, excluding software, is recorded at
 cost until the corresponding

 110

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 asset is placed into service and depreciation begins. Software
 is recorded at cost and is amortized once the related asset is
 ready for its intended use. Maintenance and repairs are expensed
 as incurred.

 We capitalize certain internal software development costs
 consisting primarily of the direct labor associated with
 creating the internally developed software. Capitalized costs
 are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated
 lives of the software. Software development projects generally
 include three stages: the preliminary project stage (all costs
 expensed as incurred), the application development stage
 (certain costs capitalized, certain costs expensed as incurred),
 and the post-implementation/operation stage (all costs expensed
 as incurred). The costs capitalized in the application
 development stage include the costs of designing the
 application, coding, installation of hardware, and testing. We
 capitalize costs incurred during the application development
 phase of the project as permitted. Please refer to Note 8,
 Property and Equipment, net, for further discussion.

 Goodwill
 and Intangible Assets

 • 

 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets
 — Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase
 price of an acquired business over the fair value assigned to
 the underlying assets acquired and assumed liabilities. At the
 time of an acquisition, we allocate the goodwill and related
 assets and liabilities to our respective reporting units. We
 identify our reporting units by assessing whether the components
 of our operating segments constitute businesses for which
 discrete financial information is available and segment
 management regularly reviews the operating results of those
 components.

 Indefinite-lived intangible assets are recorded at fair market
 value on their acquisition date and primarily include trademarks
 and foreign regulatory accreditations and designations as a
 result of the BPP, UNIACC and ULA acquisitions. We assign
 indefinite lives to acquired trademarks, accreditations and
 designations that we believe have the continued ability to
 generate cash flows indefinitely; have no legal, regulatory,
 contractual, economic or other factors limiting the useful life
 of the respective intangible asset; and when we intend to renew
 the respective trademark, accreditation or designation and
 renewal can be accomplished at little cost.

 We assess goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets at
 least annually for impairment or more frequently if events occur
 or circumstances change between annual tests that would more
 likely than not reduce the fair value of the respective
 reporting unit below its carrying amount.

 We test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level by
 applying a two-step test. In the first step, we compare the fair
 value of the reporting unit to the carrying value of its net
 assets. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the
 carrying value of the net assets of the reporting unit, goodwill
 is not impaired and no further testing is required. If the
 carrying value of the net assets of the reporting unit exceeds
 the fair value of the reporting unit, we perform a second step
 which involves using a hypothetical purchase price allocation to
 determine the implied fair value of the goodwill and compare it
 to the carrying value of the goodwill. An impairment loss is
 recognized to the extent the implied fair value of the goodwill
 is less than the carrying amount of the goodwill. To determine
 the fair value of our reporting units, we primarily rely on an
 income-based approach using the discounted cash flow valuation
 method. For our reporting units valued using this method, we
 generally project cash flows, as well as a terminal value, by
 calculating cash flow scenarios, applying a reasonable weighting
 to these scenarios and discounting such cash flows by a
 risk-adjusted rate of return. When appropriate, we may also
 incorporate the use of a market-based approach in combination
 with the discounted cash flow analysis. Generally, the
 market-based approach incorporates information from comparable
 transactions in the market and publicly traded companies with
 similar operating and investment characteristics of the
 reporting unit to develop a multiple which is then applied to
 the operating performance of the reporting unit to determine
 value. We believe the most critical assumptions and estimates in
 determining the estimated fair value of our reporting units,
 include, but are not limited to, the amounts and

 111

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 timing of expected future cash flows for each reporting unit,
 the probability weightings between scenarios, the discount rate
 applied to those cash flows, long-term growth rates and
 selection of comparable market multiples. The assumptions used
 in determining our expected future cash flows consider various
 factors such as historical operating trends particularly in
 student enrollment and pricing, the political environment the
 reporting unit operates in, anticipated economic and regulatory
 conditions and planned business and operating strategies over a
 long-term planning horizon.

 The annual impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible
 assets involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of the
 intangible asset with its carrying value. If the carrying value
 of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment
 loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. We perform
 our annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests on
 the same dates that we perform our annual goodwill impairment
 tests for the respective reporting units. To determine the fair
 value of our trademark intangible assets we use the
 relief-from-royalty method. This method estimates the benefit of
 owning the intangible assets rather than paying royalties for
 the right to use a comparable asset. This method incorporates
 the use of significant judgments in determining both the
 projected revenues attributable to the asset, as well as the
 appropriate discount rate and royalty rates applied to those
 revenues to determine fair value. To fair value the
 accreditations and designations we primarily use the cost
 savings method which estimates the cost savings of owning the
 intangible asset rather than either creating the asset or not
 having the asset in place to be used in current operations. This
 method incorporates the use of significant judgments in
 determining the projected profit or replacement cost
 attributable to the asset and the appropriate discount rate.

 • 

 Finite-Lived Intangible Assets — Finite-lived
 intangible assets that are acquired in business combinations are
 recorded at fair market value on their acquisition date and are
 amortized on either a straight-line basis or using an
 accelerated method to reflect the economic useful life of the
 asset. The weighted average useful life of our finite-lived
 intangible assets at August 31, 2010 is 4.6 years.

 Other
 Long-Lived Asset Impairments

 We evaluate the carrying amount of our major long-lived assets,
 including property and equipment and finite-lived intangible
 assets, whenever changes in circumstances or events indicate
 that the value of such assets may not be fully recoverable.
 Excluding consideration of BPP’s finite-lived intangible
 assets discussed at Note 9, Goodwill and Intangible Assets,
 we did not recognize any impairment charges for our long-lived
 assets during fiscal year 2010. At August 31, 2010, we
 believe the carrying amounts of our long-lived assets are fully
 recoverable and no impairment exists.

 Share-Based
 Compensation

 We measure and recognize compensation expense for all
 share-based awards issued to faculty, employees and directors
 based on estimated fair values of the share awards on the date
 of grant. We record compensation expense, net of forfeitures,
 for all share-based awards over the expected vesting period
 using the straight-line method for awards with only a service
 condition, and the graded vesting attribution method for awards
 with service and performance conditions.

 We calculate the fair value of share-based awards on the date of
 grant. For stock options, we typically use the
 Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model to estimate fair
 value. The Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model requires us
 to estimate key assumptions such as expected term, volatility,
 risk-free interest rates and dividend yield to determine the
 fair value of stock options, based on both historical
 information and management judgment regarding market factors and
 trends. In the absence of reliable historical data, we generally
 use the simplified mid-point method to estimate expected term of
 stock options. The simplified method uses the mid-point between
 the vesting term and the contractual term of the share option.
 We have analyzed our historical data and believe that the
 structure and exercise behavior of our stock options has

 112

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 changed significantly, resulting in a lack of reliable
 historical exercise data that can be used to estimate expected
 term for stock options granted in recent fiscal years. We will
 continue to use the simplified method until reliable historical
 data is available, or until circumstances change such that the
 use of alternative methods for estimating expected term is more
 appropriate.

 For share-based awards with performance conditions, such as our
 Performance Share Awards described in Note 17, Stock and
 Savings Plans, we measure the fair value of such awards as of
 the date of grant and amortize share-based compensation expense
 for our estimate of the number of shares expected to vest. Our
 estimate of the number of shares that will vest is based on our
 determination of the probable outcome of the performance
 condition, which requires considerable judgment.

 We estimate expected forfeitures of share-based awards at the
 grant date and recognize compensation cost only for those awards
 expected to vest. We estimate our forfeiture rate based on
 several factors including historical forfeiture activity,
 expected future employee turnover, and other qualitative
 factors. We ultimately adjust this forfeiture assumption to
 actual forfeitures. Therefore, changes in the forfeiture
 assumptions do not impact the total amount of expense ultimately
 recognized over the vesting period. Rather, different forfeiture
 assumptions only impact the timing of expense recognition over
 the vesting period. If the actual forfeitures differ from
 management estimates, additional adjustments to compensation
 expense are recorded.

 Income
 Taxes

 The objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize
 the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year
 and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax
 consequences of events that have been recognized in an
 entity’s financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax
 assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in
 effect for the year in which those temporary differences are
 expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax
 assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in
 earnings in the period when the new rate is enacted.

 The determination of our uncertain tax positions requires us to
 make significant judgments. We evaluate and account for
 uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. Recognition
 (step one) occurs when we conclude that a tax position, based
 solely on its technical merits, is more-likely-than-not to be
 sustained upon examination. Measurement (step two) determines
 the amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be
 realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that
 has full knowledge of all relevant information. Derecognition of
 a tax position that was previously recognized would occur when
 we subsequently determine that a tax position no longer meets
 the more-likely-than-not threshold of being sustained. We do not
 use a valuation allowance as a substitute for derecognition of
 tax positions. Please refer to Note 14, Income Taxes, for
 further discussion.

 Earnings
 per Share

 Basic income per share is calculated using the weighted average
 number of Apollo Group Class A and Class B common
 shares outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share
 is calculated similarly except that it includes the dilutive
 effect of the assumed exercise of stock options and release of
 restricted stock units and performance share awards issuable
 under our stock compensation plans. The amount of any tax
 benefit to be credited to additional paid-in capital related to
 the exercise of stock options, release of restricted stock units
 and release of performance share awards, and unrecognized
 share-based compensation expense is included when applying the
 treasury stock method in the computation of diluted earnings per
 share. Please refer to Note 16, Earnings Per Share, for
 further discussion.

 113

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 Leases

 We lease substantially all of our administrative and educational
 facilities, with the exception of our corporate headquarters and
 several Apollo Global facilities, and we enter into various
 other lease agreements in conducting our business. At the
 inception of each lease, we evaluate the lease agreement to
 determine whether the lease is an operating or capital lease.
 Additionally, most of our lease agreements contain renewal
 options, tenant improvement allowances, rent holidays,
 and/or rent
 escalation clauses. When such items are included in a lease
 agreement, we record a deferred rent asset or liability in our
 Consolidated Balance Sheets and record the rent expense evenly
 over the term of the lease. Leasehold improvements are reflected
 under investing activities as additions to property and
 equipment in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows from
 Continuing and Discontinued Operations. Credits received against
 rent for tenant improvement allowances are reflected as a
 component of non-cash investing activities in our Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows from Continuing and Discontinued
 Operations. Lease terms generally range from five to ten years
 with one to two renewal options for extended terms. For leases
 with renewal options, we record rent expense and amortize the
 leasehold improvements on a straight-line basis over the initial
 non-cancelable lease term (in instances where the lease term is
 shorter than the economic life of the asset) unless we intend to
 exercise the renewal option. Please refer to Note 19,
 Commitments and Contingencies, for further discussion.

 We are also required to make additional payments under lease
 terms for taxes, insurance, and other operating expenses
 incurred during the lease period, which are expensed as
 incurred. Rental deposits are provided for lease agreements that
 specify payments in advance or deposits held in security that
 are refundable, less any damages at lease end.

 Selling
 and Promotional Costs

 We generally expense selling and promotional costs, including
 advertising, as incurred.

 Foreign
 Currency Translation

 The U.S. dollar is the functional currency of our entities
 operating in the United States. The functional currency of our
 entities operating outside the United States is the currency of
 the primary economic environment in which the entity primarily
 generates and expends cash, which is generally the local
 currency. The assets and liabilities of these operations are
 translated to U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect
 at the balance sheet dates. Income and expense items are
 translated monthly at the average exchange rate for that period.
 The resulting translation adjustments and the effect of exchange
 rate changes on intercompany transactions of a long-term
 investment nature are included in shareholders’ equity as a
 component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) or
 noncontrolling interests, as applicable. We report gains and
 losses from foreign exchange rate changes related to
 intercompany receivables and payables that are not of a
 long-term investment nature, as well as gains and losses from
 foreign currency transactions in other, net in our Consolidated
 Statements of Income. These items amounted to a net
 $0.6 million loss, net $0.1 million gain and net
 $2.8 million loss in fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008,
 respectively.

 Fair
 Value

 The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, restricted
 cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts
 payable reported in our Consolidated Balance Sheets approximate
 fair value because of the short-term nature of these financial
 instruments.

 For fair value measurements of assets and liabilities that are
 recognized or disclosed at fair value, we consider fair value to
 be an exit price, which represents the amount that would be
 received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
 orderly transaction between market participants at the
 measurement date. As such, fair value is a market-based
 measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that
 market

 114

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. We use
 valuation techniques to determine fair value consistent with
 either the market approach, income approach
 and/or cost
 approach, and we prioritize the inputs used in our valuation
 techniques using the following three-tier fair value hierarchy:

 • 

 Level 1 — Observable inputs that reflect quoted
 market prices (unadjusted) for identical assets and liabilities
 in active markets;

 • 

 Level 2 — Observable inputs, other than quoted
 market prices, that are either directly or indirectly observable
 in the marketplace for identical or similar assets and
 liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or
 other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by
 observable market data for substantially the full term of the
 assets and liabilities; and

 • 

 Level 3 — Unobservable inputs that are supported
 by little or no market activity that are significant to the fair
 value of assets or liabilities.

 In measuring fair value, our valuation techniques maximize the
 use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable
 inputs. We use prices and inputs that are current as of the
 measurement date, including during periods of market volatility.
 Therefore, classification of inputs within the hierarchy may
 change from period to period depending upon the observability of
 those prices and inputs. Our assessment of the significance of a
 particular input to the fair value measurement requires
 judgment, and may affect the valuation of fair value for certain
 assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value
 hierarchy. Refer to Note 10, Fair Value Measurements, for
 further discussion.

 Loss
 Contingencies

 We are subject to various claims and contingencies which are in
 the scope of ordinary and routine litigation incidental to our
 business, including those related to regulation, litigation,
 business transactions, employee-related matters and taxes, among
 others. When we become aware of a claim or potential claim, the
 likelihood of any loss or exposure is assessed. If it is
 probable that a loss will result and the amount of the loss can
 be reasonably estimated, we record a liability for the loss. The
 liability recorded includes probable and estimable legal costs
 incurred to date and future legal costs to the point in the
 legal matter where we believe a conclusion to the matter will be
 reached. If the loss is not probable or the amount of the loss
 cannot be reasonably estimated, we disclose the claim if the
 likelihood of a potential loss is reasonably possible and the
 amount of the potential loss could be material. For matters
 where no loss contingency is recorded, our policy is to expense
 legal fees as incurred. The assessment of the likelihood of a
 potential loss and the estimation of the amount of a loss are
 subjective and require judgment. Please refer to Note 19,
 Commitments and Contingencies, for further discussion.

 Discontinued
 Operations

 Assets and liabilities expected to be sold or disposed of are
 presented separately in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as
 assets or liabilities held for sale. If we determine we will not
 have significant continuing involvement with components that are
 classified as held for sale, the results of operations of these
 components are presented separately as income (loss) from
 discontinued operations, net of tax, in the current and prior
 periods. Refer to Note 3, Discontinued Operations, for
 further discussion.

 Concentration
 of Revenue Source

 U.S. federal financial aid programs are authorized by
 Title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965, as
 reauthorized by the Higher Education Opportunity Act. The Higher
 Education Act, as reauthorized, specifies the manner in which
 the U.S. Department of Education reviews institutions for
 eligibility and certification to participate in Title IV
 programs. Every educational institution involved in
 Title IV programs must be certified to participate and is
 required to periodically renew this certification. Please refer
 to Note 19, Commitments

 115

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 and Contingencies, for further information regarding regulatory
 matters affecting our business. Continued Title IV
 eligibility is critical to the operations of our business.

 We collected the substantial majority of our fiscal year 2010
 total consolidated net revenue from receipt of Title IV
 financial aid program funds, principally from federal student
 loans and Pell Grants. University of Phoenix represented 91% of
 our fiscal year 2010 total consolidated net revenue and
 University of Phoenix generated 88% of its cash basis revenue
 for eligible tuition and fees during fiscal year 2010 from the
 receipt of Title IV financial aid program funds, as
 calculated under the 90/10 Rule described below, excluding the
 benefit from the temporary relief for loan limit increases
 described below.

 A requirement of the Higher Education Act, commonly referred to
 as the “90/10 Rule,” applies to proprietary
 institutions such as University of Phoenix. Under this rule, a
 proprietary institution will be ineligible to participate in
 Title IV programs if for any two consecutive fiscal years
 it derives more than 90% of its cash basis revenue, as defined
 in the rule, from Title IV programs. An institution that
 exceeds this limit for any single fiscal year will be
 automatically placed on provisional certification for two fiscal
 years and will be subject to possible additional sanctions
 determined to be appropriate under the circumstances by the
 U.S. Department of Education in the exercise of its broad
 discretion. While the Department has broad discretion to impose
 additional sanctions on such an institution, there is only
 limited precedent available to predict what those sanctions
 might be, particularly in the current regulatory environment.
 The Department could specify any additional conditions as a part
 of the provisional certification and the institution’s
 continued participation in Title IV programs. These
 conditions may include, among other things, restrictions on the
 total amount of Title IV program funds that may be
 distributed to students attending the institution; restrictions
 on programmatic and geographic expansion; requirements to obtain
 and post letters of credit; additional reporting requirements to
 include additional interim financial reporting; or any other
 conditions imposed by the Department. Should an institution be
 subject to a provisional certification at the time that its
 current program participation agreement expired, the effect on
 recertification of the institution or continued eligibility in
 Title IV programs pending recertification is uncertain. In
 recent years, the 90/10 Rule percentages for University of
 Phoenix have trended closer to 90% and for fiscal year 2010, the
 percentage for University of Phoenix was 88%, excluding the
 benefit from the permitted temporary exclusion of revenue
 associated with the recently increased annual student loan
 limits. This temporary relief expires in July 2011, and
 including this relief the percentage for University of Phoenix
 was 85%.

 Based on currently available information, we expect that the
 90/10 Rule percentage for University of Phoenix, net of the
 temporary relief, will approach 90% for fiscal year 2011. We
 have implemented various measures intended to reduce the
 percentage of University of Phoenix’s cash basis revenue
 attributable to Title IV funds, including emphasizing
 employer-paid and other direct-pay education programs,
 encouraging students to carefully evaluate the amount of
 necessary Title IV borrowing, and continued focus on
 professional development and continuing education programs.
 Although we believe these measures will favorably impact the
 90/10 Rule calculation, they have had only limited impact to
 date and there is no assurance that they will be adequate to
 prevent the 90/10 Rule calculation from exceeding 90% in the
 future. We are considering other measures to favorably impact
 the 90/10 Rule calculation for University of Phoenix, including
 tuition price increases; however, we have substantially no
 control over the amount of Title IV student loans and
 grants sought by or awarded to our students.

 Based on currently available information, we do not expect the
 90/10 Rule percentage for University of Phoenix, net of the
 temporary relief, to exceed 90% for fiscal year 2011. However,
 we believe that, absent a change in recent trends or the
 implementation of additional effective measures to reduce the
 percentage, the 90/10 Rule percentage for University of Phoenix
 is likely to exceed 90% in fiscal year 2012 due to the
 expiration of the temporary relief in July 2011. Our efforts to
 reduce the 90/10 Rule percentage for University of Phoenix,
 especially if the percentage exceeds 90% for a fiscal year, may
 involve taking measures which reduce our revenue, increase our
 operating expenses, or both, in each case perhaps significantly.
 If the
 90/10 Rule
 is not changed to provide relief for proprietary institutions,
 we may be required to make structural

 116

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 changes to our business in order to remain in compliance, which
 changes may materially alter the manner in which we conduct our
 business and materially and adversely impact our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Other
 Concentrations

 We maintain our cash and cash equivalents accounts in financial
 institutions. Only a negligible portion of these deposits are
 insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

 Our student receivables are not collateralized; however, credit
 risk is reduced as the amount owed by any individual student is
 small relative to the total student receivables and the customer
 base is geographically diverse.

 Certain
 Reclassifications

 We separately presented depreciation and amortization and
 amortization of lease incentives on our Consolidated Statements
 of Cash Flows from Continuing and Discontinued Operations. The
 effects of this reclassification were increases in depreciation
 and amortization of $12.8 and $12.7 million in fiscal years
 2009 and 2008, respectively, with an offsetting separate
 presentation of amortization of lease incentives.

 We also made certain reclassifications associated with the
 following:

 • 

 our presentation of Insight Schools as discontinued
 operations, and

 • 

 our adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (“FASB”) Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 (“SFAS”) No. 160, “Non-controlling Interests
 in Consolidated Financial Statements — An Amendment of
 ARB No. 51” (“SFAS 160”) (codified in
 ASC 810, “Consolidation” (“ASC 810”))
 on September 1, 2009.

 For further discussion of these reclassifications, refer to
 Note 3, Discontinued Operations, and Recent Accounting
 Pronouncements below, respectively.

 Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements

 In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141
 (revised 2007), “Business Combinations”
 (“SFAS 141(R)”) (codified in ASC 805,
 “Business Combinations” (“ASC 805”)), and in
 April 2009, issued FSP No. FAS 141(R)-1,
 “Accounting for Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed in
 a Business Combination That Arise from Contingencies”
 (“FSP FAS 141(R)-1”) (codified in ASC 805),
 which modified business combinations accounting. On
 September 1, 2009, we adopted both SFAS 141(R) and
 this amendment which did not have a material impact on our
 financial condition, results of operations, and disclosures. At
 adoption, deferred acquisition costs were not significant and
 were expensed as of August 31, 2009.

 In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS 160 (codified in
 ASC 810). SFAS 160 establishes new accounting and
 reporting standards for the non-controlling interest in a
 subsidiary and for the deconsolidation of a subsidiary.
 SFAS 160 requires non-controlling interests to be treated
 as a separate component of equity and any changes in the
 parent’s ownership interest (in which control is retained)
 are accounted for as equity transactions. However, a change in
 ownership of a consolidated subsidiary that results in
 deconsolidation triggers gain or loss recognition, with the
 establishment of a new fair value basis in any remaining
 non-controlling ownership interests. SFAS 160 also
 establishes disclosure requirements that clearly identify and
 distinguish between the interests of the parent and the
 non-controlling interests. SFAS 160 is effective for fiscal
 years beginning on or after December 15, 2008 and the
 provisions are prospective upon adoption, except for the
 presentation and disclosure requirements, which must be applied
 retrospectively for all periods presented. Accordingly, we
 adopted SFAS 160 on September 1, 2009 and
 retrospectively adjusted the following statements:

 • 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2009;

 • 

 Consolidated Statements of Income for fiscal years 2009 and 2008;

 117

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 • 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for fiscal years
 2009 and 2008;

 • 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
 for fiscal years 2009 and 2008; and

 • 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows from Continuing and
 Discontinued Operations for fiscal years 2009 and 2008.

 In June 2009, the FASB issued SFAS No. 167,
 “Amendments to FASB Interpretation No. 46(R)”
 (“SFAS 167”) (codified in ASC 810), which
 modifies how a company determines when an entity that is
 insufficiently capitalized or is not controlled through voting
 (or similar rights) should be consolidated. SFAS 167
 clarifies that the determination of whether a company is
 required to consolidate an entity is based on, among other
 things, an entity’s purpose and design and a company’s
 ability to direct the activities of the entity that most
 significantly impact the entity’s economic performance.
 SFAS 167 requires an ongoing reassessment of whether a
 company is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest
 entity. SFAS 167 also requires additional disclosures about
 a company’s involvement in variable interest entities and
 any significant changes in risk exposure due to that
 involvement. SFAS 167 is effective for fiscal years
 beginning after November 15, 2009 and was effective for us
 on September 1, 2010. The adoption of SFAS 167 did not
 have a material impact on our financial condition, results of
 operations, and disclosures.

 In October 2009, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
 (“ASU”)
 No. 2009-13,
 “Revenue Recognition (Topic 605): Multiple-Deliverable
 Revenue Arrangements — a consensus of the FASB
 Emerging Issues Task Force” (“ASU

2009-13”),
 which provides guidance on whether multiple deliverables exist,
 how the arrangement should be separated, and the consideration
 allocated. ASU

2009-13
 requires an entity to allocate revenue in an arrangement using
 estimated selling prices of deliverables if a vendor does not
 have vendor-specific objective evidence or third-party evidence
 of selling price. ASU

2009-13 is
 effective for the first annual reporting period beginning on or
 after June 15, 2010 and may be applied retrospectively for
 all periods presented or prospectively to arrangements entered
 into or materially modified after the adoption date. ASU

2009-13 was
 effective for us on September 1, 2010. The adoption of ASU

2009-13 did
 not have a material impact on our financial condition, results
 of operations, and disclosures.

 In January 2010, the FASB issued ASU
 No. 2010-06,
 “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (Topic 820):
 Improving Disclosures about Fair Value Measurements”
 (“ASU

2010-06”).
 ASU 
2010-06
 is an interpretation of the fair value guidance that we fully
 adopted on September 1, 2009 and amends ASC 820 to add
 new disclosure requirements for significant transfers in and out
 of Level 1 and 2 measurements and to provide a gross
 presentation of the activities within the Level 3
 rollforward. ASU

2010-06 also
 clarifies existing fair value disclosures about the level of
 disaggregation and about inputs and valuation techniques used to
 measure fair value. We adopted the disclosure requirements in
 ASU 
2010-06
 on March 1, 2010, which did not have a material impact on
 our fair value measurement disclosures. The requirement to
 present the Level 3 rollforward on a gross basis is
 effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
 2010, and is effective for us on September 1, 2011. We do
 not believe that the full adoption of ASU

2010-06,
 with respect to the Level 3 rollforward, will have a
 material impact on our fair value measurement disclosures.

 Note 3.  

 Discontinued
 Operations

 In the second quarter of fiscal year 2010, we initiated a formal
 plan to sell Insight Schools, engaged an investment bank and
 also began the process of actively marketing Insight Schools as
 we determined that the business was no longer consistent with
 our long-term strategic objectives. We do not expect to have
 significant continuing involvement with Insight Schools after it
 is sold. Based on these factors, we concluded that we met the
 criteria for presenting Insight Schools as held for sale and as
 discontinued operations and began presenting Insight
 Schools’ assets and liabilities as held for sale in our
 Consolidated Balance Sheets and Insight Schools’ operating
 results as discontinued operations in our Consolidated
 Statements of Income for all periods presented. We determined
 cash flows from discontinued operations are not material and are
 included with cash

 118

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 flows from continuing operations in our Consolidated Statements
 of Cash Flows from Continuing and Discontinued Operations.
 Insight Schools was previously presented as its own reportable
 segment.

 Since Insight Schools meets the held for sale criteria, we are
 required to present its assets and liabilities held for sale at
 the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less cost to
 sell. Accordingly, in the second quarter of fiscal year 2010, we
 evaluated Insight Schools’ respective assets held for sale,
 including goodwill and other long-lived assets for impairment.
 Our goodwill impairment analysis as of February 28, 2010
 resulted in recognizing a $9.4 million goodwill impairment
 charge. This charge was recorded in the second quarter of fiscal
 year 2010 and is reflected as a component of loss from
 discontinued operations in our Consolidated Statements of Income.

 At February 28, 2010, our fair value estimate was derived
 from obtaining exit price information from advisors and
 interested parties specific to the sale of Insight Schools. We
 considered this information in revising our estimate of fair
 value as a result of our intent to sell Insight Schools.
 Historically, our fair value analysis used a combination of the
 discounted cash flow and market-based approaches by applying a
 75%/25% weighting factor to these respective valuation methods.
 The non-binding offers received for Insight Schools were
 significantly lower than the estimated fair value derived from
 our prior valuation methods. The non-binding offers received for
 Insight Schools were based on Insight Schools’ recent
 operating performance, which has generated and is expected to
 continue to generate operating losses in the near term. Refer to
 Note 9, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, and Note 10,
 Fair Value Measurements, for further discussion.

 We have continued to progress with sale activities for Insight
 Schools, including engaging in non-binding negotiations with
 interested parties. We believe the sale continues to be probable
 within a year from the date on which we classified Insight
 Schools as held for sale. At each period end, we are required to
 evaluate our fair value less cost to sell estimate to determine
 whether an adjustment to the carrying value of Insight Schools
 is required. As of August 31, 2010, our fair value estimate
 for Insight Schools was derived from recent exit price
 information received specific to our non-binding negotiations.
 Based on this evaluation, we determined that the fair value less
 cost to sell continues to approximate the carrying value of
 Insight Schools resulting in no additional impairment.

 The major components of assets and liabilities of Insight
 Schools’ presented separately in the Consolidated Balance
 Sheets as held for sale as of August 31, 2010 are outlined
 below. For comparability purposes, we have also presented below
 Insight Schools’ assets and liabilities as of
 August 31, 2009, which are included in the respective
 financial statement line items.

 As of August 31,

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 Accounts receivable, net

 $

 3,851

 $

 6,564

 Property and equipment, net

 6,037

 5,721

 Goodwill

 3,342

 12,742

 Other

 2,715

 1,563

 Total Insight Schools’ assets

 $

 15,945

 $

 26,590

 Total Insight Schools’ liabilities

 $

 4,474

 $

 3,066

 119

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 The following table summarizes Insight Schools’ operating
 results for the years ended August 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008,
 which are presented in loss from discontinued operations, net of
 tax in our Consolidated Statements of Income:

 Year Ended August 31,

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 2008

 Net revenue

 $

 32,240

 $

 20,636

 $

 7,495

 Goodwill impairment(1)

 (9,400

 )

 —

 —

 Other costs and expenses

 (42,541

 )

 (47,111

 )

 (25,405

 )

 Discontinued operations loss

 (19,701

 )

 (26,475

 )

 (17,910

 )

 Other, net

 (11

 )

 (637

 )

 (12

 )

 Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes(1)

 (19,712

 )

 (27,112

 )

 (17,922

 )

 Benefit from income taxes

 4,288

 10,735

 7,098

 Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax

 $

 (15,424

 )

 $

 (16,377

 )

 $

 (10,824

 )

 (1) 

 As Insight Schools’ goodwill is not deductible for tax
 purposes, we did not record a tax benefit associated with the
 goodwill impairment charge.

 We include only revenues and costs, including the goodwill
 impairment charge discussed above, directly attributable to the
 discontinued operations, and not those attributable to the
 ongoing entity. Accordingly, no interest expense or general
 corporate overhead have been allocated to Insight Schools.
 Additionally, we have ceased depreciation and amortization on
 property and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets at
 Insight Schools.

 Note 4.  

 Acquisitions

 On April 8, 2010, we contributed all of the common stock of
 Western International University, which was previously our
 wholly-owned subsidiary, to Apollo Global. We believe Western
 International University will better leverage the capabilities
 of Apollo Global’s international resources to serve both
 its U.S. and international students. The transaction was
 structured as an asset transfer from Apollo Group to Apollo
 Global with Apollo Global’s noncontrolling shareholder, The
 Carlyle Group (“Carlyle”), contributing
 $2.5 million, plus potential future performance-based
 payments, based on the estimated fair market value. The
 transaction does not meet the definition of a business
 combination because it was a transfer of assets between entities
 under common control. Accordingly, Western International
 University’s net assets were recorded at carrying value of
 approximately $8 million as of the date of the transfer. As
 a result of the transfer, our ownership in Apollo Global was
 reduced in fiscal year 2010 from 86.1% to 85.6%.

 The following table presents a summary of acquisitions during
 the respective fiscal years:

 2009

 2008

 ($ in thousands)

 BPP

 UNIACC

 ULA

 Aptimus

 Tangible assets (net of acquired liabilities)

 $

 (15,346

 )

 $

 27,718

 $

 14,130

 $

 3,459

 Finite-lived intangible assets

 51,304

 9,120

 2,140

 7,600

 Indefinite-lived intangible assets

 139,990

 5,487

 1,797

 —

 Goodwill

 425,638

 2,135

 17,683

 37,018

 Allocated purchase price

 $

 601,586

 $

 44,460

 $

 35,750

 $

 48,077

 Less: Debt assumed

 (84,306

 )

 (19,910

 )

 (11,000

 )

 —

 Less: Cash acquired

 (7,214

 )

 (1,303

 )

 (1,289

 )

 (1,022

 )

 Acquisition, net of cash acquired

 $

 510,066

 $

 23,247

 $

 23,461

 $

 47,055

 120

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 BPP

 On July 30, 2009, Apollo Global, through a wholly-owned
 United Kingdom subsidiary, acquired the entire issued and to be
 issued ordinary share capital of BPP, a company registered in
 England and Wales, for cash and assumed debt as detailed in the
 summary purchase price allocation above. BPP is a provider of
 education and training to professionals in the legal and finance
 industries and the BPP University College is the first
 proprietary institution to have been granted degree awarding
 powers in the United Kingdom.

 We accounted for the BPP acquisition using the purchase method
 of accounting prior to our September 1, 2009 adoption of
 SFAS 141(R) (codified in ASC 805) noted in
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements in Note 2,
 Significant Accounting Policies. BPP’s operating results
 are included in the consolidated financial statements from the
 date of acquisition.

 Unaudited
 Pro Forma Financial Results

 The following unaudited pro forma financial results of
 operations for fiscal year 2009 are presented as if the
 acquisition of BPP had been completed as of September 1,
 2008:

 (Unaudited)

 Year Ended

 (in thousands, except per share data)

 August 31, 2009

 Pro forma net revenue

 $

 4,220,298

 Pro forma net income attributable to Apollo

 $

 616,323

 Pro forma earnings per share:

 Basic income per share attributable to Apollo

 $

 3.91

 Diluted income per share attributable to Apollo

 $

 3.86

 Basic weighted average shares outstanding

 157,760

 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding

 159,514

 The unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for
 informational purposes and includes certain adjustments that are
 factual and supportable, consisting of increased interest
 expense on debt used to fund the acquisition, adjustments to
 depreciation expense related to the fair value adjustment for
 property and equipment, and amortization related to acquired
 intangible assets, as well as the related tax effect of these
 adjustments. The unaudited pro forma information is not
 indicative of the results of operations that would have been
 achieved if the acquisition and related borrowings had taken
 place at the beginning of the applicable presented period, or of
 future results of the consolidated entities.

 UNIACC

 In March 2008, Apollo Global purchased 100% of UNIACC for cash
 and assumed debt as detailed in the summary purchase price
 allocation above, plus a future payment based on a multiple of
 earnings. UNIACC is an arts and communications university which
 offers bachelor’s and master’s programs on campuses in
 Chile and online.

 In January 2009, we executed an amendment to the purchase
 agreement with the former owner of UNIACC, which modified both
 the timing of the future payment and the period of earnings on
 which the future payment calculation is based. In fiscal year
 2009, we recorded the estimated obligation as an additional
 purchase price adjustment increasing goodwill, as the amount
 became determinable during that period. This obligation is
 denominated in Chilean Pesos, which translated to
 $7.1 million based on the exchange rate on the date we
 recorded the obligation. During fiscal year 2009, we paid
 $2.7 million of the obligation, and we paid the remaining
 obligation of $5.5 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal
 year 2010. The total amount paid for the obligation increased
 compared to the original accrual due to the weakening of the
 U.S. dollar relative to the Chilean Peso during the period.

 121

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 ULA

 In August 2008, Apollo Global acquired a 65% ownership interest
 in ULA for cash and assumed debt as detailed in the summary
 purchase price allocation above. ULA is an educational
 institution that offers degree programs at its campuses in
 Mexico.

 In July 2009, Apollo Global purchased the remaining ownership
 interest in ULA for $11.0 million, plus a future payment
 based on a multiple of earnings not to exceed $2.0 million.
 This transaction was accounted for as a step acquisition in
 accordance with the purchase method of accounting and resulted
 in an additional $7.0 million of goodwill.

 Aptimus,
 Inc. (“Aptimus”)

 In October 2007, we completed the acquisition of all the
 outstanding common stock of online advertising company Aptimus.
 Prior to the acquisition, Aptimus operated as a results-based
 advertising company that distributed advertisements for direct
 marketing advertisers across a network of third-party web sites.
 The acquisition enables us to more effectively monitor, manage
 and control our marketing investments and brands, with the goal
 of increasing awareness of and access to affordable quality
 education. We have integrated Aptimus as part of our corporate
 marketing function.

 For goodwill impairment testing purposes, we assigned the
 goodwill balance to our University of Phoenix segment as
 Aptimus’ primary function is to monitor, manage, and
 control University of Phoenix’s marketing investments.

 Note 5.  

 Marketable
 Securities

 Marketable securities as of August 31, 2010 and 2009
 consist of auction-rate securities. Auction-rate securities have
 historically traded on a shorter term than the underlying debt
 based on an auction bid that resets the interest rate of the
 security. Investments in auction-rate securities were intended
 to provide liquidity in an auction process that resets the
 applicable interest rate at predetermined calendar intervals,
 generally between 7 and 35 days, allowing investors to
 either roll over their holdings or gain immediate liquidity by
 selling such interests at par value. Historically, the fair
 value of auction-rate securities approximated par value due to
 the frequent resets through the auction process and have rarely
 failed since the investment banks and broker dealers have been
 willing to purchase the security when investor demand was weak.
 However, beginning in February 2008 and continuing through
 fiscal year 2010, due to uncertainty in the global credit and
 capital markets and other factors, auction-rate securities have
 experienced failed auctions resulting in a lack of liquidity for
 these instruments that has reduced the estimated fair market
 value for these securities below par value.

 The following table details our auction-rate securities
 classified as
 available-for-sale
 as of August 31:

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 Amortized cost

 $

 16,850

 $

 21,850

 Gross unrealized losses:

 Continuous unrealized loss position less than 12 months

 —

 (650

 )

 Continuous unrealized loss position greater than 12 months

 (1,676

 )

 (1,621

 )

 Total gross unrealized losses(1)

 (1,676

 )

 (2,271

 )

 Fair market value

 $

 15,174

 $

 19,579

 (1) 

 The cumulative unrealized loss net of tax included in
 accumulated other comprehensive loss in our Consolidated Balance
 Sheets as of August 31, 2010 and 2009 was $1.0 million
 and $1.4 million, respectively.

 122

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 The principal invested in auction-rate securities detailed in
 the above table have experienced failed auctions. Approximately
 $10.0 million of our auction-rate securities are invested
 in securities collateralized by federal student loans, which are
 rated AAA and are guaranteed by the U.S. government. The
 remaining portion is invested in tax-exempt municipal bond
 funds, which carry at least A- credit ratings for the underlying
 issuer. We used a discounted cash flow model to determine the
 fair value of our auction-rate securities as of August 31,
 2010. Please refer to Note 10, Fair Value Measurements, for
 further discussion of the estimates and unobservable inputs used
 in our valuation technique.

 We determined that credit related losses with respect to our
 auction-rate securities as of August 31, 2010 were
 insignificant. Therefore, we did not recognize credit related
 losses in earnings and no adjustments were made to the
 cumulative net unrealized loss included in accumulated other
 comprehensive loss in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We
 consider several factors to differentiate between temporary
 impairment and
 other-than-temporary
 impairment including the projected future cash flows, credit
 quality of the issuers and of the underlying collateral, as well
 as the other factors as further described in Note 10, Fair
 Value Measurements.

 We have continued to classify the entire balance of our
 auction-rate securities as non-current marketable securities due
 to the lack of liquidity of these instruments and our continuing
 inability to determine when these investments will settle.

 The cost of liquidated securities is based on the specific
 identification method. During fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008,
 none of our marketable securities have been liquidated below par
 value, and thus no realized gains or losses have been recognized.

 We will continue to monitor our investment portfolio. Given the
 uncertainties in the global credit and capital markets, we are
 no longer investing in auction-rate securities instruments at
 this time. We will also continue to evaluate any changes in the
 market value of the failed auction-rate securities that have not
 been liquidated and depending upon existing market conditions,
 we may be required to recognize additional impairment charges in
 the future.

 Note 6.  

 Accounts
 Receivable, Net

 Accounts receivable, net consist of the following as of August
 31:

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 Student accounts receivable

 $

 419,714

 $

 380,226

 Less allowance for doubtful accounts

 (192,857

 )

 (110,420

 )

 Net student accounts receivable

 226,857

 269,806

 Other receivables

 37,520

 28,464

 Total accounts receivable, net

 $

 264,377

 $

 298,270

 Student accounts receivable is composed primarily of amounts due
 related to tuition. In fiscal year 2010, we began presenting
 Insight Schools’ assets and liabilities as held for sale
 and its operating results as discontinued operations. Refer to
 Note 3, Discontinued Operations, for further discussion and
 disclosure of the components of Insight Schools’ assets and
 liabilities.

 123

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 For discussion of our accounting policy related to allowance for
 doubtful accounts, refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting
 Policies. The following table summarizes the activity in
 allowance for doubtful accounts for the fiscal years 2010, 2009
 and 2008:

 August 31,

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 2008

 Beginning allowance for doubtful accounts

 $

 110,420

 $

 78,362

 $

 99,818

 Provision for uncollectible accounts receivable

 282,628

 152,490

 104,201

 Write-offs, net of recoveries

 (199,332

 )

 (120,432

 )

 (125,657

 )

 Included in assets held for sale

 (859

 )

 —

 —

 Ending allowance for doubtful accounts

 $

 192,857

 $

 110,420

 $

 78,362

 Bad debt expense is included in instructional costs and services
 in our Consolidated Statements of Income.

 Note 7.  

 Long-Term
 Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents

 During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, we posted a
 letter of credit of approximately $126 million in favor of
 the U.S. Department of Education as required in connection
 with a program review of University of Phoenix by the
 Department. The long-term restricted cash at August 31,
 2010 represents funds used to collateralize this letter of
 credit. The letter of credit and associated collateral must be
 maintained until at least June 30, 2012. Refer to
 Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies, for additional
 information.

 Note 8.  

 Property
 and Equipment, Net

 Property and equipment, net consist of the following as of
 August 31:

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 Land

 $

 46,641

 $

 44,045

 Buildings

 195,699

 198,152

 Furniture and equipment

 368,162

 303,872

 Leasehold improvements (includes tenant improvement allowances)

 295,058

 256,350

 Internally developed software

 83,011

 75,772

 Software

 68,666

 67,532

 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization

 (474,780

 )

 (407,803

 )

 Depreciable property and equipment, net

 582,457

 537,920

 Construction in progress

 37,080

 19,587

 Property and equipment, net

 $

 619,537

 $

 557,507

 The following amounts, which are included in the above table,
 relate to property and equipment leased under capital leases as
 of August 31:

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 Buildings and land

 $

 6,029

 $

 6,082

 Furniture and equipment

 5,157

 4,459

 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization

 (3,340

 )

 (4,342

 )

 Capital lease assets, net

 $

 7,846

 $

 6,199

 124

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 Depreciation expense was $122.2 million,
 $103.4 million and $87.8 million for fiscal years
 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Included in these amounts is
 depreciation of capitalized internally developed software of
 $16.1 million, $12.5 million and $7.9 million for
 the fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.
 Additionally, we recorded a loss of $9.4 million in fiscal
 year 2009 that is included in general and administrative
 expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income for the
 write-off of information technology fixed assets resulting
 primarily from our rationalization of software.

 Note 9.  

 Goodwill
 and Intangible Assets

 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the
 fair value assigned to the underlying assets acquired and
 liabilities assumed. The following table presents changes in the
 net carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment during
 fiscal years 2010 and 2009:

 Apollo Global

 University of

 Insight

 Other

 Total

 ($ in thousands)

 Phoenix

 BPP

 Other(1)

 Schools

 Schools

 Goodwill

 Goodwill as of August 31, 2008

 $

 37,018

 $

 —

 $

 20,898

 $

 12,742

 $

 15,310

 $

 85,968

 Goodwill acquired(2)

 —

 425,638

 14,108

 —

 —

 439,746

 Purchase price allocation adjustments(3)

 —

 —

 4,110

 —

 —

 4,110

 Currency translation adjustment

 —

 (3,802

 )

 (3,664

 )

 —

 —

 (7,466

 )

 Goodwill as of August 31, 2009

 37,018

 421,836

 35,452

 12,742

 15,310

 522,358

 Impairment on discontinued operations

 —

 —

 —

 (9,400

 )

 —

 (9,400

 )

 Impairment

 —

 (156,321

 )

 (8,712

 )

 —

 —

 (165,033

 )

 Included in assets held for sale

 —

 —

 —

 (3,342

 )

 —

 (3,342

 )

 Currency translation adjustment

 —

 (24,311

 )

 1,887

 —

 —

 (22,424

 )

 Goodwill as of August 31, 2010

 $

 37,018

 $

 241,204

 $

 28,627

 $

 —

 $

 15,310

 $

 322,159

 (1)

 As a result of contributing all of the common stock of Western
 International University to Apollo Global during the third
 quarter of fiscal year 2010, we are presenting Western
 International University in the Apollo Global — Other
 reportable segment for all periods presented. Refer to
 Note 4, Acquisitions, for further discussion.

 (2) 

 For discussion of additions to goodwill during fiscal year 2009,
 refer to Note 4, Acquisitions.

 (3) 

 The purchase price allocation adjustments primarily related to
 Apollo Global’s acquisition of ULA as additional
 information about the valuation of certain acquired assets and
 liabilities became available. The related purchase price
 allocation was preliminary as the acquisition was completed in
 August 2008.

 The following table presents the components of the net carrying
 amount of goodwill by reportable segment as of August 31,
 2010 and 2009:

 Apollo Global

 University of

 Insight

 Other

 Total

 ($ in thousands)

 Phoenix

 BPP

 Other

 Schools

 Schools

 Goodwill

 August 31, 2009

 Gross carrying amount

 $

 37,018

 $

 425,638

 $

 39,617

 $

 12,742

 $

 35,515

 $

 550,530

 Accumulated impairments

 —

 —

 —

 —

 (20,205

 )

 (20,205

 )

 Effect of foreign currency translation

 —

 (3,802

 )

 (4,165

 )

 —

 —

 (7,967

 )

 Net carrying amount

 $

 37,018

 $

 421,836

 $

 35,452

 $

 12,742

 $

 15,310

 $

 522,358

 125

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 Apollo Global

 University of

 Other

 Total

 ($ in thousands)

 Phoenix

 BPP

 Other

 Schools

 Goodwill

 August 31, 2010

 Gross carrying amount

 $

 37,018

 $

 425,638

 $

 39,617

 $

 35,515

 $

 537,788

 Accumulated impairments

 —

 (156,321

 )

 (8,712

 )

 (20,205

 )

 (185,238

 )

 Effect of foreign currency translation

 —

 (28,113

 )

 (2,278

 )

 —

 (30,391

 )

 Net carrying amount

 $

 37,018

 $

 241,204

 $

 28,627

 $

 15,310

 $

 322,159

 Intangible assets consist of the following as of August 31:

 2010

 2009

 Gross

 Effect of Foreign

 Net

 Gross

 Effect of Foreign

 Net

 Carrying

 Accumulated

 Currency

 Carrying

 Carrying

 Accumulated

 Currency

 Carrying

 ($ in thousands)

 Amount

 Amortization

 Translation Loss

 Amount

 Amount

 Amortization

 Translation Loss

 Amount

 Finite-lived intangible assets

 Student and customer relationships(1)

 $

 19,935

 $

 (12,891

 )

 $

 (1,624

 )

 $

 5,420

 $

 26,515

 $

 (4,224

 )

 $

 (1,282

 )

 $

 21,009

 Copyrights

 20,891

 (6,039

 )

 (1,066

 )

 13,786

 20,891

 (488

 )

 (198

 )

 20,205

 Other

 20,676

 (9,342

 )

 (1,591

 )

 9,743

 23,317

 (5,233

 )

 (1,117

 )

 16,967

 Total finite-lived intangible assets

 61,502

 (28,272

 )

 (4,281

 )

 28,949

 70,723

 (9,945

 )

 (2,597

 )

 58,181

 Indefinite-lived intangible assets

 Trademarks(1)

 121,879

 —

 (7,191

 )

 114,688

 140,797

 —

 (2,441

 )

 138,356

 Accreditations and designations

 7,456

 —

 (500

 )

 6,956

 7,456

 —

 (322

 )

 7,134

 Total indefinite-lived intangible assets

 129,335

 —

 (7,691

 )

 121,644

 148,253

 —

 (2,763

 )

 145,490

 Total intangible assets, net

 $

 190,837

 $

 (28,272

 )

 $

 (11,972

 )

 $

 150,593

 $

 218,976

 $

 (9,945

 )

 $

 (5,360

 )

 $

 203,671

 (1)

 During fiscal year 2010, we recorded impairments of BPP’s
 trademark and student relationships. See below for further
 discussion.

 Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on either a
 straight-line basis or using an accelerated method to reflect
 the economic useful life of the asset. The weighted average
 useful life of our finite-lived intangible assets at
 August 31, 2010 is 4.6 years. Amortization expense for
 intangible assets for fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008 was
 $24.8 million, $9.3 million and $3.4 million,
 respectively.

 Estimated future amortization expense of intangible assets is as
 follows:

 ($ in thousands)

 2011

 $

 13,750

 2012

 8,485

 2013

 4,192

 2014

 1,406

 2015

 436

 Thereafter

 680

 Total estimated amortization expense

 $

 28,949

 126

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 Estimated future amortization expense may vary as acquisitions
 and dispositions occur in the future and as a result of foreign
 currency translation adjustments.

 We completed goodwill and indefinite lived intangible asset
 impairment tests for each of our reporting units as follows
 during fiscal year 2010:

 • 

 University of Phoenix

 • 

 BPP

 • 

 UNIACC (included in Apollo Global — Other)

 • 

 ULA (included in Apollo Global — Other)

 • 

 Western International University (included in Apollo
 Global — Other)

 • 

 CFFP (included in Other Schools)

 • 

 Insight Schools

 During fiscal year 2010, we completed our annual goodwill
 impairment tests for each of our reporting units and our annual
 indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests, as
 applicable. During fiscal year 2010, we recorded goodwill
 impairment charges for our BPP, ULA and Insight Schools
 reporting units and intangible impairment charges for our BPP
 reporting unit, as further discussed below. As of their
 respective annual impairment test date, the fair value of our
 University of Phoenix, UNIACC, Western International University
 and CFFP reporting units exceeded the carrying value of their
 respective net assets by at least 25% resulting in no goodwill
 impairment. For our University of Phoenix and Western
 International University reporting units we used market multiple
 information of comparable sized companies to determine the fair
 value at the respective test dates. For our UNIACC and CFFP
 reporting units, we used the discounted cash flow valuation
 method to determine the fair value at the respective test dates.
 Additionally, for UNIACC, we completed our annual impairment
 tests of its indefinite-lived intangible assets and determined
 there was no impairment.

 BPP
 Reporting Unit

 On July 1, 2010, we conducted our first annual goodwill
 impairment test for BPP. To determine the fair value of our BPP
 reporting unit in our step one analysis, we used a combination
 of the discounted cash flow valuation method and the
 market-based approach and applied an 80%/20% weighting factor to
 these valuation methods, respectively. In October 2010, BPP
 concluded its fall enrollment period which we believe was
 adversely impacted by the continued economic downturn in the
 U.K. Accordingly, we revised our forecast for BPP, which caused
 our step one annual goodwill impairment analysis to result in a
 lower estimated fair value for the BPP reporting unit as
 compared to its carrying value due to the effects of the
 economic downturn in the U.K. on BPP’s operations and
 financial performance and increased uncertainty as to when these
 conditions will recover. Specifically, the assumptions used in
 our cash flow estimates assume no near-term recovery in the
 markets in which BPP operates, modest overall long-term growth
 in BPP’s core programs and a significant increase in
 revenues over a long-term horizon at BPP’s University
 College. We also utilized a 13.0% discount rate and 3.0%
 long-term growth rate in the analysis. Although our projections
 assume that these markets will ultimately stabilize, we may be
 required to record additional impairment charges for BPP if
 there are further deteriorations in these markets, if economic
 conditions in the U.K. further decline, or we are unable to
 achieve the growth in future enrollments at BPP’s
 University College.

 Accordingly, we performed a step two analysis which required us
 to fair value BPP’s assets and liabilities, including
 identifiable intangible assets, using the fair value derived
 from the step one analysis as the purchase price in a
 hypothetical acquisition of the BPP reporting unit. As discussed
 above, the amount of the goodwill impairment charge is derived
 by comparing the implied fair value of goodwill from the
 hypothetical purchase

 127

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 price allocation to its carrying value. The significant
 hypothetical purchase price adjustments included in the step two
 analysis consisted of:

 • 

 Adjusting the carrying value of land and buildings included in
 property and equipment to estimated fair value using the market
 approach and based on recent appraisals.

 • 

 Adjusting the carrying value of the trademark and accreditations
 and designation indefinite-lived intangible assets to estimated
 fair value using the valuation methods discussed above. Our
 annual impairment tests for these indefinite-lived intangible
 assets utilized the same revenue, margin and discount rate
 assumptions used in the BPP reporting unit goodwill impairment
 step one analysis which resulted in a lower fair value estimate
 for BPP’s trademark. Accordingly, in the fourth quarter of
 fiscal year 2010, we recorded a $17.6 million impairment
 charge for these indefinite-lived intangible assets.

 • 

 Adjusting all other finite-lived intangible assets to estimated
 fair value using a variety of methods under the income approach
 specifically the costs savings method, with and without method
 and excess earnings method, or replacement cost approach. As a
 result of this analysis, we determined that one of our student
 relationship intangible assets was not recoverable resulting in
 recording an impairment charge of $2.0 million in the
 fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010.

 Based on our analysis, we recorded a $156.3 million
 impairment charge for BPP’s goodwill in the fourth quarter
 of fiscal year 2010. As BPP’s goodwill is not deductible
 for tax purposes, we did not record a tax benefit associated
 with the goodwill impairment charge. In the fourth quarter of
 fiscal year 2010, BPP’s goodwill and intangible asset
 impairment charges in the aggregate approximate
 $170.4 million (net of $5.5 million benefit for income
 taxes associated with the intangible asset impairment charges).

 ULA
 Reporting Unit

 For our ULA reporting unit, we used a discounted cash flow
 valuation method to determine the fair value of the reporting
 unit at May 31, 2010. ULA continues to delay the launch of
 its online program due to challenges with developing and
 designing the technology infrastructure to support the online
 platform. We have considered these uncertainties in the future
 cash flows used in our annual goodwill impairment test which
 resulted in an estimated lower fair value for the ULA reporting
 unit. Accordingly, we performed a step two analysis which
 required us to fair value ULA’s assets and liabilities,
 including identifiable intangible assets, using the fair value
 derived from the step one analysis as the purchase price in a
 hypothetical acquisition of the ULA reporting unit. As discussed
 above, the amount of the goodwill impairment charge is derived
 from comparing the implied fair value of goodwill from the
 hypothetical purchase price allocation to its carrying value.
 Based on our analysis, in the third quarter of fiscal year 2010,
 we recorded an $8.7 million impairment charge for
 ULA’s goodwill. As ULA’s goodwill is not deductible
 for tax purposes, we did not record a tax benefit associated
 with the goodwill impairment charge. Additionally, we completed
 our annual impairment tests for indefinite-lived intangible
 assets at ULA and determined there was no impairment.

 Insight
 Schools Reporting Unit

 In the second quarter of fiscal year 2010, we began presenting
 Insight Schools’ assets and liabilities as held for sale
 and its operating results as discontinued operations. We
 recorded a $9.4 million impairment of Insight Schools’
 goodwill during the second quarter of fiscal year 2010, which is
 reflected in our loss from discontinued operations. As Insight
 Schools’ goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes, we
 did not record a tax benefit associated with the goodwill
 impairment charge. We reevaluated Insight Schools goodwill at
 its annual May 31 test date which resulted in no additional
 goodwill impairment based on recent exit price information
 received from engaging in non-binding negotiations with
 interested parties. Refer to Note 3, Discontinued
 Operations, for further discussion.

 128

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 Please refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies,
 for our policy and methodology for evaluating potential
 impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets.

 Note 10.  

 Fair
 Value Measurements

 Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
 basis consist of the following as of August 31, 2010:

 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using

 Quoted Prices in

 Active Markets for

 Identical Assets/

 Significant Other

 Significant

 August 31,

 Liabilities

 Observable Inputs

 Unobservable Inputs

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 (Level 1)

 (Level 2)

 (Level 3)

 Assets:

 Cash equivalents (including restricted cash equivalents):

 Money market funds

 $

 1,468,992

 $

 1,468,992

 $

 —

 $

 —

 Marketable securities:

 Auction-rate securities

 15,174

 —

 —

 15,174

 Total assets at fair value on a recurring basis:

 $

 1,484,166

 $

 1,468,992

 $

 —

 $

 15,174

 Liabilities:

 Other liabilities:

 Interest rate swap

 $

 5,148

 $

 —

 $

 5,148

 $

 —

 Total liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis:

 $

 5,148

 $

 —

 $

 5,148

 $

 —

 We measure our money market funds included in cash and
 restricted cash equivalents, auction-rate securities included in
 marketable securities and interest rate swap included in other
 liabilities on a recurring basis at fair value. For our assets
 and liabilities measured on a recurring basis, we did not
 significantly change our valuation techniques associated with
 fair value measurements from prior periods. As of
 August 31, 2010, cash equivalents disclosed in the table
 above excludes $386.5 million of cash held in bank
 overnight deposit accounts that approximate fair value.

 • 

 Money market funds — Classified within
 Level 1 and were valued primarily using real-time quotes
 for transactions in active exchange markets involving identical
 assets.

 • 

 Auction-rate securities — Classified within
 Level 3 due to the illiquidity of the market and were
 valued using a discounted cash flow model that encompassed
 significant unobservable inputs to determine probabilities of
 default and timing of auction failure, probabilities of a
 successful auction at par

and/or
 repurchase at par value for each auction period,
 collateralization of the underlying security and credit
 worthiness of the issuer. The assumptions used to prepare the
 discounted cash flows include estimates for interest rates,
 credit spreads, timing and amount of cash flows, liquidity
 premiums, expected holding periods and default risk. These
 assumptions are subject to change as the underlying data sources
 and market conditions evolve. Additionally, as the market for
 auction-rate securities continues to be inactive, our discounted
 cash flow model also factored the illiquidity of the
 auction-rate securities market by adding a spread of 450 to
 500 basis points to the applicable discount rate.

 • 

 Interest rate swap — We have an interest rate
 swap with a notional amount of £32.0 million
 ($49.7 million) used to minimize the interest rate exposure
 on a portion of BPP’s variable rate debt. The interest

 129

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 rate swap is used to fix the variable interest rate on the
 associated debt. The swap is classified within Level 2 and
 is valued using readily available pricing sources which utilize
 market observable inputs including the current variable interest
 rate for similar types of instruments.

 At August 31, 2010, the carrying value of our debt,
 excluding capital leases, was $576.6 million. Substantially
 all of our debt is variable interest rate and the carrying
 amount approximates fair value.

 Changes in the assets measured at fair value on a recurring
 basis using significant unobservable inputs
 (Level 3) during the year ended August 31, 2010
 are as follows:

 ($ in thousands)

 Balance at August 31, 2009

 $

 19,579

 Reversal of unrealized loss on redemption

 595

 Redemptions at par value

 (5,000

 )

 Transfers in (out) of Level 3

 —

 Balance at August 31, 2010

 $

 15,174

 Net unrealized gains (losses) included in earnings related to
 assets held as of August 31, 2010

 $

 —

 Assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis during
 fiscal year 2010 consist of the following:

 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using

 Significant

 Quoted Prices in

 Other

 Losses for Year

 Fair Value at

 Active Markets for

 Observable

 Significant

 Ended

 Measurement

 Identical Assets

 Inputs

 Unobservable Inputs

 August 31,

 ($ in thousands)

 Date

 (Level 1)

 (Level 2)

 (Level 3)

 2010

 Assets:

 Assets held for sale

 Goodwill

 $

 3,342

 $

 —

 $

 —

 $

 3,342

 $

 (9,400

 )

 Goodwill

 ULA

 15,669

 —

 —

 15,669

 (8,712

 )

 BPP

 241,204

 241,204

 (156,321

 )

 Intangible assets, net

 BPP trademark

 108,738

 —

 —

 108,738

 (17,523

 )

 BPP student relationships

 4,373

 —

 —

 4,373

 (2,014

 )

 Total

 $

 373,326

 $

 —

 $

 —

 $

 373,326

 $

 (193,970

 )

 In the second quarter of fiscal year 2010, we began presenting
 Insight Schools as held for sale. Accordingly, we measured
 Insight Schools’ goodwill at fair value on a non-recurring
 basis as of February 28, 2010 using Level 3 inputs.
 The Level 3 inputs were primarily based on exit price
 information we received from third parties to purchase Insight
 Schools. The Insight Schools’ goodwill balance was written
 down to the implied fair value, resulting in the impairment
 charge detailed above that is included in loss from discontinued
 operations, net of tax. Refer to Note 3, Discontinued
 Operations, for further discussion.

 In the third quarter of fiscal year 2010, ULA’s goodwill
 balance was written down to the implied fair value in connection
 with our annual goodwill impairment test performed at
 May 31, resulting in the impairment charge detailed above.
 The implied fair value of ULA’s goodwill was determined
 using Level 3 inputs included in our discounted cash flow
 valuation method. Refer to Note 9, Goodwill and Intangible
 Assets, for further discussion.

 130

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, we recorded
 impairment charges for BPP’s goodwill, trademark and
 student relationships intangible assets in connection with our
 annual goodwill impairment test performed on July 1, 2010.
 Accordingly, BPP’s goodwill balance was written down to the
 implied fair value and BPP’s trademark and student
 relationships intangible assets were measured at fair value. We
 measured the implied fair value for BPP’s goodwill and the
 fair value of BPP’s intangible assets using Level 3
 inputs included in the valuation methods used to determine fair
 value for the respective assets. Refer to Note 9, Goodwill
 and Intangible Assets, for further discussion.

 Note 11.  

 Accrued
 Liabilities

 Accrued liabilities consist of the following as of August 31:

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 Estimated litigation loss

 $

 177,982

 $

 80,500

 Salaries, wages and benefits

 80,773

 76,583

 Accrued advertising

 52,472

 35,974

 Accrued professional fees

 30,895

 25,287

 Student refunds, grants and scholarships

 9,842

 11,287

 Other accrued liabilities

 23,497

 38,787

 Total accrued liabilities

 $

 375,461

 $

 268,418

 Please refer to Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies, for
 discussion of the estimated litigation losses. Salaries, wages
 and benefits represent amounts due to employees, faculty and
 third parties for salaries, bonuses, vacation pay and health
 insurance. Accrued advertising represents amounts due for
 Internet marketing, direct mail campaigns, and print and
 broadcast advertising. Accrued professional fees represent
 amounts due to third parties for outsourced student financial
 aid processing and other accrued professional and legal
 obligations. Student refunds, grants and scholarships represent
 amounts due to students for tuition refunds, federal and state
 grants payable, scholarships, and other related items. Other
 accrued liabilities primarily includes sales and business taxes,
 facilities costs such as rent and utilities, and certain accrued
 purchases.

 Note 12.  

 Debt

 Debt and short-term borrowings consist of the following as of
 August 31:

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 Bank Facility, see terms below

 $

 497,968

 $

 495,608

 BPP Credit Facility, see terms below

 52,925

 63,644

 Capital lease obligations

 7,827

 7,763

 Other, interest rates ranging from 4.3% to 9.4% with various
 maturities from 2011 to 2019

 25,680

 22,051

 Total debt

 584,400

 589,066

 Less short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt

 (416,361

 )

 (461,365

 )

 Long-term debt

 $

 168,039

 $

 127,701

 131

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 Aggregate debt maturities for each of the years ended August 31
 are as follows:

 ($ in thousands)

 2011

 $

 416,361

 2012

 21,180

 2013

 136,480

 2014

 1,557

 2015

 1,603

 Thereafter

 7,219

 $

 584,400

 • 

 Bank Facility — In fiscal year 2008, we entered
 into a syndicated $500 million credit agreement (the
 “Bank Facility”). The Bank Facility is an unsecured
 revolving credit facility used for general corporate purposes
 including acquisitions and stock buybacks. The Bank Facility has
 an expansion feature for an aggregate principal amount of up to
 $250 million. The term is five years and will expire on
 January 4, 2013. The Bank Facility provides a
 multi-currency

sub-limit
 facility for borrowings in certain specified foreign currencies.

 We borrowed our entire credit line under the Bank Facility, as
 of August 31, 2010 and 2009, which included
 £63.0 million denominated in British Pounds
 (equivalent to $97.9 million and $102.6 million
 U.S. dollars as of August 31, 2010 and August 31,
 2009, respectively) related to the BPP acquisition. We repaid
 the U.S. dollar denominated debt on our Bank Facility of
 $393 million during the first quarter of fiscal year 2010
 and $400.1 million during the first quarter of fiscal year
 2011. We have classified the U.S. dollar denominated
 portion of our Bank Facility borrowings as short-term borrowings
 and the current portion of long-term debt in our Consolidated
 Balance Sheets because it was repaid subsequent to our
 respective fiscal year-ends.

 The Bank Facility fees are determined based on a pricing grid
 that varies according to our leverage ratio. The Bank Facility
 fee ranges from 12.5 to 17.5 basis points and the
 incremental fees for borrowings under the facility range from
 LIBOR + 50.0 to 82.5 basis points. The weighted average
 interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Bank Facility
 at August 31, 2010 and 2009 was 2.9% and 1.0%, respectively.

 The Bank Facility contains affirmative and negative covenants,
 including the following financial covenants: maximum leverage
 ratio, minimum coverage interest and rent expense ratio, and a
 U.S. Department of Education financial responsibility
 composite score. In addition, there are covenants restricting
 indebtedness, liens, investments, asset transfers and
 distributions. We were in compliance with all covenants related
 to the Bank Facility at August 31, 2010.

 • 

 BPP Credit Facility — In the fourth quarter of
 fiscal year 2010, we refinanced BPP’s debt by entering into
 a £52.0 million (equivalent to $80.8 million
 based on the August 31, 2010 exchange rate) credit
 agreement (the “BPP Credit Facility”). The BPP Credit
 Facility contains term debt, which was used to refinance
 BPP’s existing debt, and revolving credit facilities used
 for working capital and general corporate purposes. The term of
 the agreement is three years and will expire on August 31,
 2013. The interest rate on borrowings varies according to a
 financial ratio and range from LIBOR + 250 to 325 basis
 points. The weighted average interest rate on BPP’s
 outstanding borrowings at August 31, 2010 and 2009 was 4.0%
 and 1.3%, respectively.

 The BPP Credit Facility contains financial covenants that
 include minimum cash flow coverage ratio, minimum fixed charge
 coverage ratio, maximum leverage ratio, and maximum capital
 expenditure ratio. We were in compliance with all covenants
 related to the BPP Credit Facility at August 31, 2010.

 132

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 • 

 Other — Other debt includes $8.7 million
 of variable rate debt and $17.0 million of fixed rate debt
 at the subsidiaries of Apollo Global. The weighted average
 interest rate of these debt instruments at August 31, 2010
 and 2009 was 6.7% and 7.2%, respectively.

 Please refer to Note 10, Fair Value Measurements, for
 discussion of the fair value of our debt.

 Note 13.  

 Other
 Liabilities

 Other liabilities consist of the following as of August 31:

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 Reserve for uncertain tax positions

 $

 126,999

 $

 97,619

 Deferred rent and other lease incentives

 81,218

 71,579

 Other

 57,485

 64,838

 Total other liabilities

 265,702

 234,036

 Less current portion

 (53,416

 )

 (133,887

 )

 Total other long-term liabilities

 $

 212,286

 $

 100,149

 Deferred rent represents the difference between the cash rental
 payments and the straight-line recognition of the expense over
 the term of the leases. Other lease incentives represent amounts
 included in lease agreements and are amortized on a
 straight-line basis over the term of the leases. The change in
 the current and long-term portion of other liabilities primarily
 relates to the classification of our uncertain tax positions.
 Refer to Note 14, Income Taxes, for discussion of our
 uncertain tax positions.

 Note 14.  

 Income
 Taxes

 Geographic sources of income (loss) from continuing operations
 before income taxes are as follows:

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 2008

 United States

 $

 1,227,794

 $

 1,085,704

 $

 808,055

 Foreign

 (226,726

 )

 (18,777

 )

 (7,279

 )

 Total income from continuing operations before income
 taxes

 $

 1,001,068

 $

 1,066,927

 $

 800,776

 Income tax expense (benefit) consists of the following for
 fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008:

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 2008

 Current:

 Federal

 $

 458,375

 $

 377,911

 $

 277,610

 State

 131,284

 93,350

 53,118

 Foreign

 (218

 )

 (1,025

 )

 786

 Total current

 589,441

 470,236

 331,514

 Deferred:

 Federal

 (106,834

 )

 (8,667

 )

 (15,597

 )

 State

 (7,574

 )

 (4,872

 )

 (1,892

 )

 Foreign

 (10,970

 )

 23

 —

 Total deferred

 (125,378

 )

 (13,516

 )

 (17,489

 )

 Total provision for income taxes

 $

 464,063

 $

 456,720

 $

 314,025

 133

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 Deferred tax assets and liabilities result primarily from
 temporary differences in book versus tax basis accounting.
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following as
 of August 31:

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 Deferred tax assets:

 Allowance for doubtful accounts

 $

 72,344

 $

 42,602

 Deferred rent and tenant improvement allowances

 28,921

 24,037

 Net operating loss carry-forward

 17,629

 14,332

 Estimated litigation loss

 70,383

 23,580

 Share-based compensation

 63,168

 62,784

 Other

 73,821

 38,725

 Gross deferred tax assets

 326,266

 206,060

 Valuation allowance

 (14,645

 )

 (11,447

 )

 Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance

 311,621

 194,613

 Deferred tax liabilities:

 Fixed assets

 39,276

 35,795

 Intangible assets

 40,069

 54,399

 Other

 5,531

 5,779

 Gross deferred tax liabilities

 84,876

 95,973

 Net deferred income taxes

 $

 226,745

 $

 98,640

 The increase in our valuation allowance during fiscal year 2010
 was primarily a result of an increase in net operating losses of
 certain foreign subsidiaries. We have recorded a valuation
 allowance related to these net operating losses, as it is more
 likely than not that these carry-forwards will expire unused. In
 light of our history of profitable operations, we have concluded
 that it is more likely than not that we will ultimately realize
 the full benefit of our deferred tax assets other than the items
 mentioned above. Accordingly, we believe that a valuation
 allowance should not be recorded for our remaining net deferred
 tax assets.

 The net operating loss carry-forward in the above table
 represents $22.6 million of U.S. net operating losses
 that will begin to expire August 31, 2021. We also have
 $36.1 million of net operating losses in various foreign
 jurisdictions. The majority of the losses from foreign
 jurisdictions will begin to expire on August 31, 2027 and
 the remaining losses do not expire.

 We have not provided deferred taxes on unremitted earnings
 attributable to international companies that have been
 considered permanently reinvested. As of August 31, 2010,
 any earnings related to the operations of these foreign
 subsidiaries are not significant.

 134

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 We exercise significant judgment in determining our income tax
 provision due to transactions, credits and calculations where
 the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The following is a
 tabular reconciliation of the total amount of unrecognized tax
 benefits, excluding interest and penalties, at the beginning and
 the end of fiscal years 2010 and 2009:

 ($ in thousands)

 Balance at September 1, 2008

 $

 36,453

 Additions based on tax positions taken in the current year

 41,440

 Additions for tax positions taken in prior years

 3,007

 Additions related to acquisition

 4,289

 Settlement with tax authorities

 —

 Reductions for tax positions of prior years

 —

 Reductions due to lapse of applicable statute of limitations

 (328

 )

 Balance at August 31, 2009

 84,861

 Additions based on tax positions taken in the current year

 99,590

 Additions for tax positions taken in prior years

 18,323

 Settlement with tax authorities

 (20,665

 )

 Reductions for tax positions of prior years

 (11,733

 )

 Reductions due to lapse of applicable statute of limitations

 (4,328

 )

 Balance at August 31, 2010

 $

 166,048

 The increase in unrecognized tax benefits during fiscal year
 2009 was primarily due to uncertainty on the deductibility of a
 portion of the $80.5 million estimated litigation loss
 associated with the Incentive Compensation False Claims Act
 Lawsuit recorded during fiscal year 2009, and uncertainty
 related to allocation and apportionment of income among states.
 Refer to Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies, for
 discussion of estimated litigation loss.

 The increase in our unrecognized tax benefits during fiscal year
 2010 was primarily due to uncertainty related to the
 apportionment of income for Arizona corporate income tax
 purposes. The increase was partially offset by decreases in
 unrecognized tax benefits primarily due to the final
 determination of our U.S federal income tax audit for fiscal
 years 2003 through 2005.

 We classify interest and penalties related to uncertain tax
 positions as a component of provision for income taxes in our
 Consolidated Statements of Income. We recognized a benefit of
 $10.4 million in fiscal year 2010, and expense of
 $4.4 million and $3.9 million in fiscal years 2009 and
 2008, respectively, related to interest and penalties. The
 $10.4 million benefit in 2010 is mainly due to the
 reduction of interest accrued related to the I.R.S. 162(m)
 settlement which occurred in November 2009. For more
 information, please refer to the discussion in the Internal
 Revenue Service Audits section below. The total amount of
 interest and penalties included in our Consolidated Balance
 Sheets was $5.4 million and $23.2 million as of
 August 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. In addition, we
 have $44.4 million of unrecognized assets that are included
 in our unrecognized tax benefits as of August 31, 2010.

 We believe that it is reasonably possible that $9.9 million
 of our unrecognized tax benefits could be resolved or otherwise
 settled within the next 12 months. The unrecognized tax
 benefits relate to deductibility of a litigation settlement and
 state tax apportionment that we expect to resolve either through
 negotiations with the relevant tax authorities or the expiration
 of statutes. Prior to fiscal year 2010, we classified uncertain
 tax positions related to the allocation and apportionment of our
 income amongst various state and local jurisdictions in other
 current liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We no
 longer believe these

 135

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 amounts will be paid in the next year and accordingly have
 classified them in other long-term liabilities in our
 Consolidated Balance Sheets.

 As of August 31, 2010, $115.4 million of our total
 unrecognized tax benefits would favorably affect our effective
 tax rate if recognized. However, if amounts accrued are less
 than amounts ultimately assessed by the taxing authorities, we
 would record additional income tax expense in our Consolidated
 Statements of Income.

 Our U.S. federal tax years and various state tax years from
 2006 remain subject to income tax examinations by tax
 authorities. In addition, tax years from 2006 related to our
 foreign taxing jurisdictions also remain subject to examination.

 The provision for income taxes differs from the tax computed
 using the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate as a
 result of the following items for fiscal years 2010, 2009 and
 2008:

 2010

 2009

 2008

 Statutory U.S. federal income tax rate

 35.0

 %

 35.0

 %

 35.0

 %

 State income taxes, net of federal benefit

 6.3

 %

 5.1

 %

 4.1

 %

 Non-deductible compensation

 (1.1

 )%

 0.4

 %

 0.0

 %

 Tax-exempt interest

 0.0

 %

 (0.1

 )%

 (0.8

 )%

 Foreign taxes

 1.1

 %

 0.6

 %

 0.4

 %

 Estimated litigation loss

 0.0

 %

 0.9

 %

 0.0

 %

 Goodwill impairments

 5.8

 %

 0.0

 %

 0.0

 %

 Other, net

 (0.7

 )%

 0.9

 %

 0.5

 %

 Effective income tax rate

 46.4

 %

 42.8

 %

 39.2

 %

 Internal
 Revenue Service Audits

 An audit relating to our U.S. federal income tax returns
 for fiscal years 2003 through 2005 commenced in September 2006.
 In February 2009, the Internal Revenue Service issued an
 examination report and proposed to disallow deductions relating
 to stock option compensation in excess of the limitations of
 Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m). Under
 Section 162(m), the amount of such deduction per covered
 executive officer is limited to $1.0 million per year,
 except to the extent the compensation qualifies as
 performance-based. Compensation attributable to options with
 revised measurement dates may not have qualified as
 performance-based compensation. The Internal Revenue Service
 examination report also proposed the additions of penalties and
 interest. On March 6, 2009, we commenced administrative
 proceedings with the Office of Appeals of the Internal Revenue
 Service challenging the proposed adjustments, including
 penalties and interest. On November 25, 2009, we executed a
 Closing Agreement with the Internal Revenue Service Office of
 Appeals to settle this matter. The settlement resolves only the
 disputed tax issues between the Internal Revenue Service and us
 and is not an admission by us of liability, wrongdoing, legal
 compliance or non-compliance for any other purpose.

 We had a total accrual of $50.5 million included in our
 reserve for uncertain tax positions relating to this issue prior
 to settlement. As a result of this settlement, we reclassified
 $27.3 million to income taxes payable as of
 November 30, 2009. We paid $22.6 million during the
 second quarter of fiscal year 2010 and we paid the majority of
 the remainder in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010. The
 remaining accrual of $23.2 million, relating to the amount
 in excess of the settlement, was reversed during the first
 quarter of fiscal year 2010 through a reduction in the provision
 for income taxes, a decrease in deferred tax assets, and an
 increase in additional paid-in capital in the amounts of
 $10.2 million, $1.5 million and $11.5 million,
 respectively.

 Based on the agreed upon settlement, we believe that we are
 entitled to certain deductions related to stock option
 compensation that were not claimed on our tax returns for the
 years ended in 2006 through 2009. During the first quarter of
 fiscal year 2010, we recorded the benefit of these deductions
 through provision for

 136

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 income taxes, deferred taxes, and additional
 paid-in-capital
 in the amounts of $1.2 million, $0.9 million and
 $16.0 million, respectively. We have submitted claims to
 the Internal Revenue Service for the deductions that were not
 taken on our tax returns for the years ended in 2006, 2007 and
 2008. We claimed the deductions related to stock option
 compensation in fiscal year 2009 on our tax return for the year
 ended in 2009.

 During fiscal year 2009, the Internal Revenue Service commenced
 an examination of our tax returns for the years ended in 2006,
 2007 and 2008.

 Arizona
 Department of Revenue Audit

 The Arizona Department of Revenue commenced an audit during the
 fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010 relating to our Arizona
 income tax returns for fiscal years 2003 through 2009. During
 fiscal year 2010, we filed amended Arizona income tax returns
 for fiscal years 2003 through 2007 to change our method of
 sourcing service income to a destination basis, rather than on
 an origin basis, for sales factor apportionment purposes. In
 general for state sales factor apportionment purposes,
 ‘destination sourcing’ assigns revenue to the state of
 the customer or market, while ‘origin sourcing’
 assigns revenue to the state of production. We also reported the
 final audit adjustments made by the Internal Revenue Service for
 fiscal years 2003 through 2005. The resulting impact from these
 adjustments is a net claim for refund of $51.5 million,
 excluding interest, for fiscal years 2003 through 2007. For
 fiscal years 2008 and 2009, we filed our original Arizona income
 tax returns sourcing our service revenues on a destination
 basis. We have not taken a benefit related to our Arizona market
 sourcing position in our financial statements.

 In addition to the audits discussed above, we are subject to
 numerous ongoing audits by state, local and foreign tax
 authorities. Although we believe our tax accruals to be
 reasonable, the final determination of tax audits in the
 U.S. or abroad and any related litigation could be
 materially different from our historical income tax provisions
 and accruals.

 Note 15.  

 Shareholders’
 Equity

 Share
 Reissuances

 During fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008, we issued approximately
 1.1 million, 3.1 million and 2.5 million shares,
 respectively, of our Class A common stock from our treasury
 stock as a result of stock option exercises, release of shares
 covered by vested restricted stock units, and purchases under
 our employee stock purchase plan.

 Share
 Repurchases

 Our Board of Directors has authorized us to repurchase
 outstanding shares of Apollo Group Class A common stock,
 from time to time, depending on market conditions and other
 considerations. On February 18, 2010, our Board of
 Directors authorized a $500 million increase in the amount
 available under our share repurchase program up to an aggregate
 amount of $1 billion of Apollo Group Class A common
 stock. There is no expiration date on the repurchase
 authorizations and repurchases occur at our discretion.

 We repurchased approximately 7.9 million, 7.2 million
 and 9.8 million shares of our Class A common stock
 during fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, at a
 total cost of $439.3 million, $444.4 million and
 $454.4 million during the respective fiscal years. This
 represented weighted average purchase prices of $55.78, $61.62
 and $46.25 per share during the respective fiscal years.

 As of August 31, 2010, approximately $560.7 million
 remained available under our share repurchase authorization. The
 amount and timing of future share repurchases, if any, will be
 made as market and business conditions warrant. Repurchases may
 be made on the open market or in privately negotiated
 transactions,

 137

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 pursuant to the applicable Securities and Exchange Commission
 rules, and may include repurchases pursuant to Securities and
 Exchange Commission
 Rule 10b5-1
 nondiscretionary trading programs.

 In connection with the release of vested shares of restricted
 stock, we repurchased approximately 149,000 and
 119,000 shares for $7.1 million and $8.1 million
 during fiscal years 2010 and 2009, respectively. We did not have
 any such repurchases during fiscal year 2008. These repurchases
 relate to tax withholding requirements on the restricted stock
 units and do not fall under the repurchase program described
 above, and therefore do not reduce the amount that is available
 for repurchase under that program.

 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Loss

 The following table summarizes the components of accumulated
 other comprehensive loss at August 31:

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 Foreign currency translation losses

 $

 (30,182

 )

 $

 (12,377

 )

 Unrealized loss on auction-rate securities

 (994

 )

 (1,363

 )

 Accumulated other comprehensive loss(1)

 $

 (31,176

 )

 $

 (13,740

 )

 (1) 

 Accumulated other comprehensive loss is net of $1.2 million
 and $1.5 million of taxes as of August 31, 2010 and
 2009, respectively. The tax effect on each component of other
 comprehensive income during fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008 is
 not significant.

 The increase in foreign currency translation losses is primarily
 the result of a general strengthening of the U.S. dollar
 relative to the British Pound during fiscal year 2010.

 Note 16.  

 Earnings
 Per Share

 Our outstanding shares consist of Apollo Group Class A and
 Class B common stock. Our Articles of Incorporation treat
 the declaration of dividends on the Apollo Group Class A
 and Class B common stock in an identical manner. As such,
 both the Apollo Group Class A and Class B common stock
 are included in the calculation of our earnings per share.

 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding includes the
 incremental effect of shares that would be issued upon the
 assumed exercise of stock options and the vesting and release of
 restricted stock units and performance share awards. The
 components of basic and diluted earnings per share are as
 follows:

 Year Ended August 31,

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 2008

 Net income attributable to Apollo (basic and diluted)

 $

 553,002

 $

 598,319

 $

 476,525

 Basic weighted average shares outstanding

 151,955

 157,760

 164,109

 Dilutive effect of stock options

 652

 1,482

 1,598

 Dilutive effect of restricted stock units and performance share
 awards

 299

 272

 163

 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding

 152,906

 159,514

 165,870

 Earnings per share:

 Basic income per share attributable to Apollo

 $

 3.64

 $

 3.79

 $

 2.90

 Diluted income per share attributable to Apollo

 $

 3.62

 $

 3.75

 $

 2.87

 During fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008, approximately
 7.2 million, 3.6 million and 6.5 million,
 respectively, of our stock options outstanding and approximately
 6,000, 6,000 and 1,000, respectively, of our restricted stock
 units and performance share awards were excluded from the
 calculation of diluted earnings per

 138

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive.
 These options and restricted stock units could be dilutive in
 the future.

 Note 17.  

 Stock and
 Savings Plans

 401(k)
 Plan

 We sponsor a 401(k) plan for eligible employees which provides
 them the opportunity to make pre-tax employee contributions.
 Such contributions are subject to certain restrictions as set
 forth in the Internal Revenue Code. Upon a participating
 employee’s completion of one year of service and
 1,000 hours worked, we will match, at our discretion, 30%
 of such employee’s contributions up to the lesser of 15% of
 his or her gross compensation or the maximum participant
 contribution permitted under the Internal Revenue Code. Our
 matching contributions totaled $11.3 million,
 $9.6 million and $8.1 million for fiscal years 2010,
 2009 and 2008, respectively.

 Employee
 Stock Purchase Plan

 Our Third Amended and Restated 1994 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 allows eligible employees to purchase shares of our Class A
 common stock at quarterly intervals through periodic payroll
 deductions at a price per share equal to 95% of the fair market
 value on the purchase date. This plan is deemed to be
 non-compensatory, and accordingly, we do not recognize any
 share-based compensation expense with respect to the shares of
 our Class A common stock purchased under the plan.

 Share-Based
 Compensation Plans

 We currently have outstanding awards under the following two
 share-based compensation plans: the Apollo Group, Inc. Second
 Amended and Restated Director Stock Plan and the Apollo Group,
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan.

 Under the Second Amended and Restated Director Stock Plan, the
 non-employee members of our Board of Directors received on
 September 1 of each year through 2003 options to purchase shares
 of our Class A common stock. No additional shares are
 available for issuance under this plan, and no grants have been
 made under such plan since the 2003 calendar year grants.

 Under the Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, we may
 grant non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options,
 stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, performance
 share awards, and other share-based awards covering shares of
 our Class A common stock to officers, key employees and
 faculty members, and the non-employee members of our Board of
 Directors. In general, the awards granted under the Amended and
 Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan vest over periods ranging
 from six months to four years. Stock options granted have
 contractual terms of 10 years or less. For certain
 outstanding stock options, vesting may be tied to the attainment
 of prescribed market conditions based on stock price
 appreciation in addition to service-vesting requirements.
 Restricted stock units issued under the Plan may have both
 performance-vesting and service-vesting components (for grants
 generally made to executive officers) or service-vesting only
 (for other recipients). Performance share awards have both
 performance-vesting and service-vesting components tied to a
 defined performance period. Approximately 25.1 million
 shares of our Class A common stock have been reserved for
 issuance over the term of this plan. The shares may be issued
 from treasury shares or from our authorized but unissued shares
 of our Class A common stock. As of August 31, 2010,
 approximately 15.4 million authorized and unissued shares
 of our Class A common stock were available for issuance
 under the Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Incentive Plan,
 including the shares subject to outstanding equity awards under
 such plan.

 139

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 Under each of the two Apollo Group Plans, the exercise price for
 stock options may not be less than 100% of the fair market value
 of our Class A common stock on the date of the grant. The
 requisite service period for all awards is equal to the vesting
 period.

 Stock
 Options

 During fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008, we granted stock
 options with a service vesting condition to the members of our
 Board of Directors, officers, and certain faculty and management
 employees. During fiscal year 2009, we also granted stock
 options with both a service and a market vesting condition to
 certain members of our management team. We measure the fair
 value of stock options as of the date of grant. We amortize
 share-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures, over the
 expected vesting period using the straight-line method for
 awards with only a service condition, and the graded vesting
 attribution method for awards with a service and a market
 vesting condition. The vesting period of the stock options
 granted generally ranges from six months to four years. A
 summary of the activity and changes related to stock options and
 stock appreciation rights granted under our plans is as follows:

 Weighted

 Weighted

 Average

 Average

 Exercise

 Remaining

 Aggregate

 Total

 Price per

 Contractual

 Intrinsic

 (numbers in thousands, except per share and contractual term
 data)

 Shares

 Share

 Term (Years)

 Value ($)(1)

 Outstanding as of August 31, 2007

 13,369

 $

 48.90

 Granted

 2,508

 62.08

 Assumed upon acquisition

 106

 72.15

 Exercised

 (2,348

 )

 41.46

 Forfeited, canceled or expired

 (1,258

 )

 51.71

 Outstanding as of August 31, 2008

 12,377

 52.41

 Granted

 1,164

 68.08

 Exercised

 (2,707

 )

 41.18

 Forfeited, canceled or expired

 (572

 )

 64.24

 Outstanding as of August 31, 2009

 10,262

 56.49

 Granted

 850

 43.28

 Exercised

 (521

 )

 27.33

 Forfeited, canceled or expired

 (442

 )

 62.87

 Outstanding as of August 31, 2010

 10,149

 $

 56.62

 3.59

 $

 7,569

 Vested and expected to vest as of August 31, 2010

 9,899

 $

 56.65

 3.57

 $

 7,551

 Exercisable as of August 31, 2010

 6,717

 $

 56.67

 3.27

 $

 7,397

 Available for future grant as of August 31, 2010

 3,661

 (1) 

 Aggregate intrinsic value represents the total amount obtained
 by multiplying the portion of our closing stock price of $42.49
 on August 31, 2010 in excess of the applicable exercise
 prices by the number of options outstanding or exercisable with
 an exercise price less than that closing stock price.

 As of August 31, 2010, there was approximately
 $55.7 million of total unrecognized share-based
 compensation cost, net of forfeitures, related to unvested stock
 options and stock appreciation rights. These costs are expected
 to be recognized over a weighted average period of
 2.06 years. The fair value of stock

 140

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 options and stock appreciation rights that vested during fiscal
 years 2010, 2009 and 2008 was $45.4 million,
 $54.1 million, and $35.5 million, respectively.

 The following table summarizes information related to
 outstanding and exercisable options and stock appreciation
 rights as of August 31, 2010:

 Outstanding

 Exercisable

 Weighted Avg.

 Weighted Avg.

 Weighted Avg.

 Contractual

 Exercise

 Exercise

 Range of

 Life

 Price

 Price

 Exercise Prices

 Outstanding

 Remaining

 per Share

 Exercisable

 per Share

 (options in thousands)

 $5.83 to $42.27

 1,483

 3.80

 $

 37.39

 700

 $

 31.93

 $43.94 to $51.33

 1,753

 3.75

 $

 49.32

 1,459

 $

 49.53

 $51.67 to $57.54

 733

 3.86

 $

 55.42

 345

 $

 55.33

 $58.03 to $58.03

 2,209

 2.57

 $

 58.03

 1,689

 $

 58.03

 $58.43 to $62.51

 1,682

 3.48

 $

 61.47

 1,047

 $

 61.25

 $62.78 to $70.02

 1,451

 4.65

 $

 67.22

 742

 $

 65.91

 $71.21 to $169.47

 838

 3.77

 $

 75.22

 735

 $

 75.14

 10,149

 6,717

 The following table summarizes information related to stock
 options and stock appreciation rights exercised during fiscal
 years 2010, 2009 and 2008:

 Year Ended August 31,

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 2008

 Amounts related to options exercised:

 Intrinsic value realized by optionees

 $

 18,020

 $

 94,638

 $

 65,198

 Actual tax benefit realized by Apollo for tax deductions

 $

 7,175

 $

 21,732

 $

 25,516

 The shares issued upon the exercise of stock options and stock
 appreciation rights were drawn from treasury shares or from our
 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock.
 Cash received from stock option exercises during fiscal years
 2010, 2009 and 2008 was approximately $14.1 million,
 $103.5 million and $97.4 million, respectively.

 Stock
 Option Valuation Assumptions

 Fair Value — We typically use the
 Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model to estimate the fair
 value of our options as of the grant dates using the following
 weighted average assumptions:

 Year Ended August 31,

 2010

 2009

 2008

 Weighted average fair value

 $

 17.30

 $

 27.32

 $

 23.95

 Expected volatility

 48.6

 %

 47.7

 %

 44.2

 %

 Expected life (years)

 4.2

 4.2

 4.2

 Risk-free interest rate

 1.5

 %

 2.2

 %

 2.9

 %

 Dividend yield

 0.0

 %

 0.0

 %

 0.0

 %

 Expected Volatility — We use an average of our
 historical volatility and the implied volatility of long-lived
 call options to estimate expected volatility.

 141

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 Expected Term (years) — In the absence of
 reliable historical data, we generally use the simplified
 mid-point method to estimate expected term of stock options. The
 simplified method uses the mid-point between the vesting term
 and the contractual term of the share option. We have analyzed
 our historical data and believe that the structure and exercise
 behavior of our stock options has changed significantly,
 resulting in a lack of reliable historical exercise data that
 can be used to estimate expected term for stock options granted
 in recent fiscal years. We will continue to use the simplified
 method until reliable historical data is available, or until
 circumstances change such that the use of alternative methods
 for estimating expected term is more appropriate.

 Risk-Free Interest Rate — We use the
 U.S. constant maturity treasury rates as the risk-free rate
 interpolated between the years commensurate with the expected
 life assumptions.

 Dividend Yield — The dividend yield assumption
 is based on the fact that we have not historically paid
 dividends and do not expect to pay dividends in the future.

 Restricted
 Stock Units and Performance Share Awards
 (“PSAs”)

 During fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008, we granted restricted
 stock units covering shares of our Class A common stock
 with a service and a performance vesting condition to several of
 our officers. We also granted restricted stock units with only a
 service vesting condition to the members of our Board of
 Directors, officers, and certain faculty and management
 employees. We measure the fair value of restricted stock units
 as of the date of grant. We amortize share-based compensation
 expense, net of forfeitures, over the expected vesting period
 using the straight-line method for awards with only a service
 condition, and the graded vesting attribution method for awards
 with a service and a performance condition. The vesting period
 of the restricted stock units granted generally ranges from six
 months to four years. See summary of the activity and changes
 related to restricted stock units granted under our plans below.

 During fiscal year 2010, we granted performance share awards to
 certain members of our executive management that vest based on
 performance and service vesting conditions. The level at which
 the performance condition is attained will determine the actual
 number of shares of our Class A common stock into which the
 PSAs will be converted. The conversion percentage will range
 from 40% at threshold level attainment to 100% at target level
 and 200% at maximum level attainment or above. The award holder
 will vest in one-third of the shares of our Class A common
 stock into which his or her PSAs are so converted for each
 fiscal year the award holder remains employed during the three
 year performance period. However, the PSAs will immediately
 convert into fully-vested shares of our Class A common
 stock at target level or above upon certain changes in control
 or ownership. The shares of our Class A common stock into
 which the PSAs are converted will be issued upon the completion
 of the applicable performance period.

 142

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 We measure the fair value of PSAs as of the date of grant and
 amortize share-based compensation expense for our estimate of
 the number of shares of our Class A common stock expected
 to vest and become issuable under those awards over the three
 year performance period. Our estimate of the number of shares
 that will vest and become issuable under the PSA awards is based
 on our determination of the probable outcome of the performance
 condition and requires considerable judgment. The following
 schedule includes activity and changes related to the PSAs
 (granted PSAs are assumed to convert into shares of our
 Class A common stock at the 100% target level):

 Weighted

 Average

 Number of

 Grant Date

 (numbers in thousands, except per share data)

 Shares

 Fair Value

 Nonvested balance at August 31, 2007

 325

 $

 58.03

 Granted

 522

 58.20

 Vested and released

 —

 —

 Forfeited

 (132

 )

 57.95

 Nonvested balance at August 31, 2008

 715

 58.17

 Granted

 645

 69.49

 Vested and released

 (324

 )

 60.96

 Forfeited

 (38

 )

 57.58

 Nonvested balance at August 31, 2009

 998

 62.88

 Granted

 1,057

 44.27

 Vested and released

 (435

 )

 61.29

 Forfeited

 (70

 )

 60.97

 Nonvested balance at August 31, 2010(1)

 1,550

 $

 50.72

 (1) 

 The nonvested balance at August 31, 2010 includes
 approximately 69,000 PSAs.

 As of August 31, 2010, there was approximately
 $59.0 million of total unrecognized share-based
 compensation cost, net of forfeitures, related to unvested
 restricted stock units and performance share awards. These costs
 are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of
 2.94 years. The fair value of restricted stock units that
 vested during fiscal years 2010 and 2009 was $24.8 million
 and $23.2 million, respectively. We did not have restricted
 stock units that vested during fiscal year 2008.

 Share-based
 Compensation Expense

 The table below outlines share-based compensation expense for
 fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008:

 Year Ended August 31,

 ($ in thousands)

 2010

 2009

 2008

 Instructional costs and services

 $

 23,549

 $

 22,071

 $

 20,609

 Selling and promotional

 8,211

 5,657

 3,603

 General and administrative

 32,545

 40,310

 29,358

 Share-based compensation expense included in operating
 expenses

 64,305

 68,038

 53,570

 Tax effect of share-based compensation

 (25,290

 )

 (26,603

 )

 (21,013

 )

 Share-based compensation expense, net of tax

 $

 39,015

 $

 41,435

 $

 32,557

 143

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 Note 18.  

 Related
 Person Transactions

 Yo
 Pegasus, LLC

 Yo Pegasus, LLC, an entity controlled by Dr. John G.
 Sperling, leases an aircraft to us as well as to other entities.
 Payments to Yo Pegasus for the business use of the airplane,
 including hourly flight charges, fuel, and direct operating
 expenses during fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008 were
 $0.3 million, $0.2 million and $0.4 million,
 respectively. These amounts are included in general and
 administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Income.

 TKG
 Contact Center, Inc.

 We entered into a sublease with TKG Contact Center, Inc., an
 entity controlled by Dr. John G. Sperling, to lease
 56,410 square feet of office space in Tempe, Arizona, for
 the period from July 1, 2006 to November 30, 2007. We
 extended the lease to December 7, 2007. Payments to this
 entity during fiscal year 2008 were $0.3 million.

 Sperling
 Gallery

 We lease certain artwork pursuant to a contract between Apollo
 Group and an art gallery owned by Virginia Sperling. Virginia
 Sperling is the former wife of Dr. John G. Sperling and the
 mother of Mr. Peter V. Sperling. Lease payments under the
 contract during fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008 were $8,000,
 $34,000 and $37,000, respectively. On January 13, 2010, we
 terminated our rental contract and purchased the leased artwork
 for $88,000.

 Credit
 Suisse Share Repurchase Services

 During fiscal year 2008, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, an
 affiliate of the previous employer of Charles B. Edelstein and
 Gregory W. Cappelli, our Co-Chief Executive Officers, managed a
 share repurchase program for Apollo. We paid Credit Suisse
 Securities approximately $196,000 in commissions for this
 service during fiscal year 2008. Our engagement of Credit Suisse
 Securities and payment of these fees occurred after
 Mr. Cappelli joined Apollo in March 2007, and prior to the
 time Mr. Edelstein accepted employment with Apollo in July
 2008.

 Earth
 Day Network

 We have provided grants directly or through University of
 Phoenix Foundation, a non-profit entity affiliated with
 University of Phoenix, to Earth Day Network totaling
 $0.5 million, $0.1 million and $0.1 million in
 fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Art Edelstein,
 the Director of Development of Earth Day Network, is the brother
 of Charles B. Edelstein, our Co-Chief Executive Officer.

 Cisco
 Systems, Inc.

 During fiscal years 2010 and 2009, we purchased goods and
 services from Cisco Systems, Inc., directly and through third
 party sellers, in the normal course of our business, and we
 expect to do so in the future. Manuel F. Rivelo, a member of our
 Board of Directors, is employed by Cisco Systems, Inc. as Senior
 Vice President of Enterprise Systems and Operations.

 Deferred
 Compensation Agreement with Dr. John G.
 Sperling

 The deferred compensation agreement relates to an agreement
 between Apollo and Dr. John G. Sperling. The related
 $2.9 million liability balance is included in other
 long-term liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

 144

Table of Contents

 APOLLO
 GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

 NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued)

 Note 19.  

 Commitments
 and Contingencies

 Guarantees

 We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors for
 certain events or occurrences. The maximum potential amount of
 future payments we could be required to make under these
 indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, we have
 director and officer liability insurance policies that mitigate
 our exposure and enable us to recover a portion of any future
 amounts paid. As a result of our insurance policy coverage,
 management believes the estimated fair value of these
 indemnification agreements is minimal.

 Lease
 Commitments

 We are obligated under property and equipment leases under both
 capital and operating leases. The following is a schedule of
 future minimum lease commitments as of August 31, 2010:

 ($ in thousands)

 Capital Leases

 Operating Leases(1)

 2011

 $

 2,549

 $

 162,946

 2012

 1,615

 151,548

 2013

 1,112

 126,714

 2014

 614

 113,170

 2015

 607

 98,503

 Thereafter

 2,781

 278,318

 Total future minimum lease obligation(2)

 $

 9,278

 $

 931,199

 Less: imputed interest on capital leases

 (1,451

 )

 Net present value of lease obligations

 $

 7,827

 (1) 

 The total future minimum lease obligation associated with
 operating leases includes lease payments for a lease agreement
 executed in fiscal year 2009 for a building to be constructed
 and for which we do not have the right to control the use of the
 property under the lease at August 31, 2010. The future
 minimum lease payments associated with this lease are
 $140.5 million.

 (2) 

 The total future minimum lease obligation excludes noncancelable
 sublease rental income of $2.1 million.

 Facility and equipment expense under leases totaled
 $194.6 million, $162.5 million and $156.2 million
 for fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.

 We have entered into sale-leaseback agreements related to