” in this annual report on Form 10-K.

Available information

Copies of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, including any 

amendments to the foregoing reports, are available, free of charge, through our corporate website at www.are.com as soon as is 

reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The current charters of our Board of 

Directors’ Audit, Compensation, and Nominating & Governance Committees, along with our Corporate Governance Guidelines and 

Business Integrity Policy and Procedures for Reporting Non-Compliance (the “Business Integrity Policy”), are also available on our 

corporate website. Additionally, any amendments to, and waivers of, our Business Integrity Policy that apply to our Chief Executive 

Officer or our Chief Financial Officer will be available free of charge on our corporate website in accordance with applicable SEC and 

NYSE requirements. Written requests should be sent to Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., 

26 North Euclid Avenue

, 

Pasadena

, 

California

91101

, Attention: Investor Relations. The public may also download these materials from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.

6

Human capital

As of 

December 31, 2025

, we had 

514

 employees

. We place a significant focus on building loyalty and trusted relationships 

across our workforce. We maintain a Business Integrity Policy that applies to all employees, and its receipt and review by each 

employee is documented and verified annually. To promote an exceptional corporate culture, Alexandria monitors employee satisfaction, 

actively seeks feedback, and strives to enhance our benefit offerings to meet the needs of our employees. We conduct annual 

performance reviews and hold regular meetings through our talent management team to gather insights and drive continuous 

improvements to the overall employee experience. 

We recognize that the fundamental strength of Alexandria is driven by the contributions of each team member and that our 

future growth relies on their continued success. We make substantial efforts to hire, develop, and retain talented employees, and we 

have an exceptional track record of promoting highly qualified candidates from within the Company. Our executive and senior 

management teams, represente

d by

59

 individuals at the senior vice president level and above, have an average of 

24

 years of real 

estate experience, including 

13

 years with Alexandria. Moreover, our executive management team alone averages 

15

 years

 of 

experience with the Company. 

Alexandria’s executive and senior management teams have unique experience and expertise in creating, 

owning, and operating highly dynamic and collaborative Megacampus ecosystems in key life science cluster locations. These teams 

include regional market directors with leading reputations and long-standing relationships within the life science community in their 

respective markets. We believe that our expertise, experience, reputation, and key relationships in the real estate and life science 

industries provide Alexandria with significant competitive advantages in attracting new business opportunities.

Our ability to retain talent further supports our business continuity and leadership stability. From 

2021

 to 

2025

, our voluntary 

and total turnover rates average

d 

4.6%

 and 

9.3%

, respectively, which are below the REIT industry averages of 

12.0%

 and 

17.0%

, 

respectively, as reported in the 

2025

 Nareit Compensation & Benefits Survey (data for 

2024

).

Offering robust benefits to support our employees’ health and overall success

We provide a robust benefits package intended to meet and exceed the needs of our employees and their families. Our 

company-sponsored benefits cover 100% of insurance premiums for both employees and their dependents and include a wide range of 

offerings, such as a high-coverage, low-deductible preferred provider organization (“PPO”) medical plan, PPO dental and orthodontia 

coverage, a vision plan, a comprehensive prescription drug program, infertility and family planning benefits, short-term and long-term 

disability benefits, and life and accidental death and dismemberment coverage. 

Investing in professional development and training

We provide meaningful opportunities for growth and development through a variety of learning opportunities, including 

development programs that leverage one-on-one support, social learning, instructor-led trainings, on-demand trainings and resources, 

and a highly utilized mentoring program. Development programs and trainings cover topics such as leadership development, project 

management, business writing, change management, interviewing, presentations, productivity, goal setting, delegation, communication, 

and feedback. Our mentoring program enables employees to partner with senior leaders throughout the organization for support and 

career guidance.

7

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Overview

The following risk factors

may adversely affect our overall business,

financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows; 

our ability to make distributions to our stockholders; our access to capital; or the market price of our common stock, as further described 

in each risk factor below. In addition to the information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K, one should carefully review and 

consider the information contained in our other reports and periodic filings that we make with the SEC. Those risk factors could 

materially affect our overall business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows; our ability to make distributions to our 

stockholders; our access to capital; or the market price of our common stock. The risks that we describe in our public filings are not the 

only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently consider immaterial, also may 

materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additional information regarding forward-looking 

statements is included in the beginning of Part I in this annual report on Form 10-K.

 summary

An investment in our securities involves various risks. Such risks, including those set forth in the summary of material risks in 

this Item 1A, should be carefully considered before purchasing our securities.

Risks related to operating factors

•

We may be unable to identify and complete acquisitions, investments, or development or redevelopment projects or to 

successfully and profitably operate properties.

•

We could default on our ground leases or be unable to renew or re-lease our land or space on favorable terms or at all. 

Our tenants may also be unable to pay us rent.

•

The cost of maintaining and improving the quality of our properties may be higher than anticipated, and we may be unable 

to pass any increased operating costs through to our tenants, which can result in reduced cash flows and profitability. 

•

We could be held liable for environmental damages resulting from our tenants’ use of hazardous materials, or from 

harmful mold, poor air quality, or other defects from our properties, or we could face increased costs in complying with 

other environmental laws.

•

The loss of services of any of our senior officers or key employees and increased competition for skilled personnel could 

adversely affect us and/or increase our labor costs.

•

We rely on a limited number of vendors to provide utilities and other services at our properties, and disruption in such 

services may have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition.

•

Our insurance policies may not adequately cover all of our potential losses, or we may incur costs due to the financial 

condition of our insurance carriers.

•

We may change business policies without stockholder approval.

•

Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business.

•

If we failed to qualify as a REIT, we would be taxed at corporate rates and would not be able to take certain deductions 

when computing our taxable income.

•

We may not be able to raise sufficient capital to fund our operations due to adverse changes in our credit ratings, our 

inability to refinance our existing debt or issue new debt, or our inability to sell existing real estate and non-real estate 

assets timely or at optimal prices.

•

We may invest or spend the net proceeds from our equity or debt offerings in ways with which our investors may not agree 

and in ways that may not earn a profit.

•

Our debt service obligations may restrict our ability to engage in some business activities or cause other adverse effects 

on our business.

•

We face risks and liabilities associated with our investments (including those in connection with short-term liquid 

investments) and the companies in which we invest (including properties owned through partnerships, limited liability 

companies, and joint ventures, as well as through our non-real estate venture investment portfolio), which expose us to 

risks similar to those of our tenant base and additional risks inherent in venture capital investing. We may be limited in our 

ability to diversify or monetize our investments.

Risks related to market and industry factors

•

There are limits on ownership of our stock under which a stockholder may lose beneficial ownership of its shares, as well 

as certain provisions of our charter and bylaws that may delay or prevent transactions that otherwise may be desirable to 

our stockholders.

•

Possible future sales of shares of our common stock could adversely affect its market price.

•

We are dependent on the health of the life science industry, and changes within this industry, increased competition, or the 

inability of our tenants and non-real estate equity investments within this industry to obtain funding for research, 

development, and other operations may adversely impact their ability to make rental payments to us or adversely impact 

their value.

8

•

Market disruption and volatility, poor economic conditions in the capital markets and global economy, including in 

connection with a widespread pandemic or outbreak of a highly infectious or contagious disease, and tight labor markets 

could adversely affect the value of the companies in which we hold equity investments or the ability of tenants and the 

companies in which we invest to continue operations, raise additional capital, or access capital from venture capital 

investors or financial institutions on favorable terms or at all.

Risks related to government and global factors

•

Actions, policy, or key leadership changes in government agencies, or changes to laws or regulations, including those 

related to tax, accounting, debt, derivatives, government spending, or funding (including those related to the FDA, the 

NIH, the SEC, and other agencies), support of early stage research, FDA effectiveness, tariffs, and drug and healthcare 

pricing, costs, and programs could have a significant negative impact on the overall economy, our tenants and companies 

in which we invest, and our business.

•

Partial or complete government shutdown resulting in temporary closures of agencies could adversely affect our tenants 

(some of which are also government agencies) and the companies in which we invest, including delays in the 

commercialization of such companies’ products, decreased funding of research and development (“R&D”), or delays 

surrounding approval of budget proposals.

•

The outbreak of any highly infectious or contagious disease could adversely impact our financial condition and results of 

operations, and/or that of our tenants and non-real estate investments.

Risks related to general and other factors

•

Social, political, and economic instability, unrest, significant changes, and other circumstances beyond our control, 

including circumstances related to changes in the U.S. political landscape, could adversely affect our business operations.

•

Seasonal weather conditions, climate change and severe weather, changes in the availability of transportation or labor, 

and other related factors may affect our ability to conduct business, the products and services of our tenants, or the 

availability of such products and services of our tenants and the companies in which we invest.

•

We may be unable to meet our sustainability goals.

•

Changes in privacy and information security laws, regulations, policies, and contractual obligations related to data privacy 

and security, or our failure to comply with such requirements, could subject us to fines or penalties or increase our cost of 

doing business, compliance risks, and potential liability and otherwise adversely affect our business or results of 

operations.

•

System failures or security incidents through cyberattacks, intrusions, or other methods could disrupt our information 

technology networks, enterprise applications, and related systems, cause a loss of assets or data, give rise to remediation 

or other expenses, expose us to liability under federal and state laws, and subject us to litigation and investigations, which 

could result in substantial reputational damage and adversely affect our business and financial condition.

•

The enactment of legislation, including the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”), may adversely impact our financial 

condition and results of operations.

We attempt to mitigate the foregoing risks. However, if we are unable to effectively manage the impact of these and other risks, 

our ability to meet our investment objectives may be substantially impaired and any of the foregoing risks could materially adversely 

affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, or the market 

price of our common stock.

9

Operating factors

We may be unable to identify and complete acquisitions and successfully operate acquired properties.

We continually evaluate the market of available properties and may acquire properties when opportunities exist. Our ability to 

acquire properties on favorable terms and successfully operate them may be exposed to significant risks, including, but not limited to, 

the following:

•

We may be unable to acquire a desired property because of competition from other real estate investors with significant 

capital, including both publicly traded REITs and institutional funds.

•

Even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition from other potential acquirers may significantly increase the 

purchase price or result in other less favorable terms.

•

Even if we enter into agreements for the acquisition of properties, these agreements are subject to customary conditions 

to closing, including completion of due diligence investigations to our satisfaction.

•

We may be unable to complete an acquisition because we cannot obtain debt and/or equity financing on favorable terms 

or at all.

•

We may spend more than budgeted amounts to make necessary improvements or renovations to acquired properties.

•

We may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of operating properties or 

portfolios of properties, into our existing operations.

•

Acquired properties may be subject to tax reassessment, which may result in higher-than-expected property tax 

payments.

•

Market conditions may result in higher-than-expected vacancy rates and lower-than-expected rental rates.

•

We may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to 

unknown liabilities, such as liabilities for the remediation of undisclosed environmental contamination; claims by tenants, 

vendors, or other persons dealing with the former owners of the properties; and claims for indemnification by general 

partners, directors, officers, and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties.

The realization of any of the above risks could significantly and adversely affect our ability to meet our financial expectations, 

our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, the market price of our 

common stock, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations.

We may suffer economic harm as a result of making unsuccessful acquisitions in new markets.

We may pursue selective acquisitions of properties in markets where we have not previously owned properties. These 

acquisitions may entail risks in addition to those we face in other acquisitions where we are familiar with the markets, such as the risk of 

not correctly anticipating conditions or trends in a new market and therefore not being able to generate profit from the acquired property. 

If this occurs, it could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our ability to make distributions to 

our stockholders, our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations, and the market price of our common stock.

The acquisition or development of new properties may give rise to difficulties in predicting revenue potential.

We may continue to acquire additional properties and/or land and may seek to develop our existing land holdings strategically 

as warranted by market conditions. These acquisitions and developments could fail to perform in accordance with expectations. If we 

fail to accurately estimate occupancy levels, rental rates, lease commencement dates, operating costs, or costs of improvements to 

bring an acquired property or a development property up to the standards established for our intended market position, the performance 

of the property may be below expectations. Acquired properties may have characteristics or deficiencies affecting their valuation or 

revenue potential that we have not yet discovered. We cannot assure our stockholders that the performance of properties acquired or 

developed by us will increase or be maintained under our management.

We may fail to achieve the financial results expected from development or redevelopment projects.

There are significant risks associated with development and redevelopment projects, including, but not limited to, the following 

possibilities:

•

We may not complete development or redevelopment projects on schedule or within budgeted amounts.

•

We may be unable to lease development or redevelopment projects on schedule or within projected amounts.

•

We may encounter project delays or cancellations due to unavailability of necessary labor and construction materials.

•

We may expend funds on, and devote management’s time to, development and redevelopment projects that we may not 

complete.

•

We may abandon development or redevelopment projects after we begin to explore them, and as a result, we may lose 

deposits or fail to recover costs already incurred.

•

Market and economic conditions may deteriorate, which can result in lower-than-expected rental rates.

10

•

We may face higher operating costs than we anticipated for development or redevelopment projects, including insurance 

premiums, utilities, security, real estate taxes, and costs of complying with changes in government regulations or 

increases in tariffs.

•

We may face higher requirements for capital improvements than we anticipated for development or redevelopment 

projects, particularly in older structures.

•

We may be unable to proceed with development or redevelopment projects because we cannot obtain debt and/or equity 

financing on favorable terms or at all.

•

We may fail to retain tenants that have pre-leased our development or redevelopment projects if we do not complete the 

construction of these properties in a timely manner or to the tenants’ specifications.

•

Tenants that have pre-leased our development or redevelopment projects may file for bankruptcy or become insolvent, or 

otherwise elect to terminate their lease prior to delivery, which may adversely affect the income produced by, and the 

value of, our properties or require us to change the scope of the project, which may potentially result in higher construction 

costs, significant project delays, or lower financial returns.

•

We may encounter delays, refusals, unforeseen cost increases, and other impairments resulting from third-party litigation, 

natural disasters, or severe weather conditions.

•

We may encounter delays or refusals in obtaining all necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy, and other required 

government permits and authorizations.

•

We may be unable to proceed with our development or redevelopment projects as anticipated due to changing zoning, 

land use, building, occupancy, or other government codes or regulations.

•

Development or redevelopment projects may have defects we do not discover through our inspection processes, including 

latent defects that may not reveal themselves until many years after we put a property in service.

The realization of any of the above risks could significantly and adversely affect our ability to meet our financial expectations, 

our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, the market price of our 

common stock, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations.

We may face increased risks and costs associated with volatility in commodity and labor prices or as a result of 

supply chain or procurement disruptions, which may adversely affect the status of and returns on our construction projects.

The price of commodities and skilled labor for our construction projects may increase unpredictably due to external factors, 

including, but not limited to, performance of third-party suppliers and contractors; overall market supply and demand; inflationary 

pricing; government regulation; international trade; and changes in general business, economic, or political conditions. As a result, the 

costs of raw construction materials and skilled labor required for the completion of our development and redevelopment projects may 

fluctuate significantly from time to time.

We rely on a number of third-party suppliers and contractors to supply raw materials and skilled labor for our construction 

projects. We believe we have favorable relationships with our suppliers and contractors. We have not encountered significant difficulty 

collaborating with our suppliers and contractors and obtaining materials and skilled labor, nor experienced significant delays due to 

disputes, work stoppages, or contractors’ misconduct or failure to perform. While we do not rely on any single supplier or vendor for the 

majority of our materials and skilled labor, we may experience difficulties obtaining necessary materials from suppliers or vendors 

whose supply chains might become impacted by economic or political changes, or difficulties obtaining adequate skilled labor from 

third-party contractors in a tightening labor market. It is uncertain whether we would be able to source the essential commodities, 

supplies, materials, and skilled labor timely or at all without incurring significant costs or delays, particularly during times of economic 

uncertainty resulting from events outside of our control. We may be forced to purchase supplies and materials in larger quantities or in 

advance of when we would typically purchase them. This may cause us to require use of capital sooner than anticipated. Alternatively, 

we may also be forced to seek new third-party suppliers or contractors, whom we have not worked with in the past, and it is uncertain 

whether these new suppliers will be able to adequately meet our materials or labor needs. Our dependence on unfamiliar supply chains 

or relatively small supply partners may adversely affect the cost and timely completion of our construction projects. In addition, we may 

be unable to compete with entities that may have more favorable relationships with their suppliers and contractors or greater access to 

the required construction materials and skilled labor.

In addition, new climate change-related initiatives entered into by the U.S. government in collaboration with partner countries 

through global climate agreements may impose stricter requirements for building materials, such as lumber, steel, and concrete, which 

could significantly increase our construction costs if the manufacturers and suppliers of our materials are burdened with expensive cap-

and-trade or similar regulations or requirements, and the costs of which are passed onto customers like us. As a result of the factors 

discussed above, we may be unable to complete our development or redevelopment projects timely and/or within our budget, which 

may affect our ability to lease space to potential tenants and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

11

If we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of qualified suppliers and contractors, the 

quality and status of our construction projects may be adversely affected.

We believe we have favorable relationships with our existing suppliers and contractors, and we generally have not 

encountered difficulty collaborating with and obtaining materials and skilled labor, nor experienced significant delays or increases in 

overall project costs due to disputes, work stoppages, or contractors’ misconduct or failure to perform. However, it is possible we may 

experience these events in the future, or our existing suppliers and contractors may encounter supply chain disruptions from time to 

time that hinder their ability to supply necessary materials and labor to us. As a result, we may be forced to seek new resources for our 

construction needs. We may become reliant on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners, which may cause 

uncertainty in the quality, cost, and timely completion of our construction projects.

Our ability to continue to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient network of qualified suppliers who can adequately 

meet our construction timing and quality standards can be a significant challenge, particularly in the event of global supply chain 

disruptions. If we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of suppliers and contractors who can appropriately 

address our construction needs, we may experience disruptions in our suppliers’ logistics or supply chain networks or information 

technology systems, and other factors beyond our or our suppliers’ control. If we are unable to access materials and labor to complete 

our construction projects within our expected budgets and meet our tenants’ demands and expectations in a timely and efficient 

manner, our results of operations, cash flows, and reputation may be adversely impacted. 

Our tenants may face increased risks and costs associated with volatility in commodity and labor prices or the prices 

or availability of specialized materials or equipment, or as a result of supply chain or procurement disruptions of such items, 

which may adversely affect their businesses or financial condition.

Our tenants are generally subject to the same generalized risks of commodity and labor price increases and supply chain or 

procurement as we and many other companies are. A number of our tenants, however, are also involved in highly specialized research 

or manufacturing activities that may require unique or custom chemical or biologic materials or sophisticated specialty equipment that is 

not widely available and therefore may be particularly susceptible to supply chain disruption. In addition, these tenants may have 

complex supply chains due to their specialized activities that are subject to stringent government regulations, which may further hinder 

their access to necessary materials and equipment. While we are not aware of such issues materially affecting our tenants to date, it is 

possible that these issues may affect our tenants adversely in the future.

We could default on leases for land on which some of our properties are located or held for future development.

If we default under the terms of a ground lease obligation, we may lose the ownership rights to the property subject to the 

lease. Prior to the expiration of a ground lease and all of its options, we may not be able to renegotiate a new lease on favorable terms, 

if at all. The loss of the ownership rights to these properties or an increase in rental expense could have a material adverse effect on our 

financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and make distributions to 

our stockholders, as well as the market price of our common stock. Refer to “

Ground lease obligations

” under “

Item 7. Management’s 

discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

” in this annual report on Form 10-K for additional information on 

our ground lease obligations.

We may not be able to operate properties successfully and profitably.

Our success depends in large part upon our ability to operate our properties successfully. If we are unable to do so, our 

business could be adversely affected. The ownership and operation of real estate is subject to many risks that may adversely affect our 

business and our ability to make payments to our stockholders, including, but not limited to, the following risks:

•

Our properties may not perform as we expect.

•

We may have to lease space at rates below our expectations.

•

We may not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms.

•

We may not be able to acquire or sell properties when desired or needed due to the illiquid nature of real estate assets.

•

We may underestimate the cost of improvements required to maintain or improve space to meet standards established for 

the market position intended for that property.

•

We may not be able to complete improvements required to maintain or improve space due to unanticipated delays, 

significant cost increases by our vendors, or cancellation of construction resulting from shortages in the supply of 

necessary construction materials.

The realization of any of the above risks could significantly and adversely affect our ability to meet our financial expectations, 

our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, the market price of our 

common stock, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations.

12

We may experience increased operating costs, which may reduce profitability to the extent that we are unable to pass 

those costs through to our tenants.

Our properties are subject to increases in operating expenses, including insurance, property taxes, utilities, administrative 

costs, and other costs associated with security, landscaping, and repairs and maintenance of our properties. As of 

December 31, 2025

, 

approximately 

92%

of our leases (on an annual rental revenue basis) were triple net leases, which require tenants to pay substantially 

all real estate and other rent-related taxes, insurance, utilities, security, common area expenses, and other operating expenses 

(including increases thereto) in addition to base rent. 

Our operating expenses may increase as a result of tax reassessments that our properties are subject to on a regular basis 

(annually, triennially, etc.), which may result in increases in property taxes as property values increase over time. In California, however, 

pursuant to the existing state law commonly referred to as Proposition 13, properties are generally reassessed to market value at the 

time of change in ownership or completion of construction; thereafter, annual property reassessments are limited to 2% of previously 

assessed values. As a result, Proposition 13 generally results in significant below-market assessed values over time. From time to time, 

lawmakers and political coalitions initiate efforts to repeal or amend Proposition 13 to eliminate its application to commercial and 

industrial properties, which, if successful, may prohibit or limit the passing of increased property tax assessments onto tenants.

Our triple net leases allow us to pass through, among other costs, substantially all real estate and rent-related taxes to our 

tenants in the form of tenant recoveries. Consequently, as a result of our triple net leases, we do not expect potential increases on 

property taxes as a result of tax reassessments to significantly impact our operating results. We cannot be certain, however, that we will 

be able to continue to negotiate pass-through provisions related to taxes in tenant leases in the future, or that higher pass-through 

expenses will not lead to lower base rents in the long run as a result of tenants’ not being able to absorb higher overall occupancy 

costs. Thus, the repeal of or amendment to Proposition 13 could lead to a decrease in our income from rentals over time. If our 

operating expenses increase without a corresponding increase in revenues, our profitability could diminish. In addition, we cannot be 

certain that increased costs will not lead our current or prospective tenants to seek space outside of the state of California, which could 

significantly hinder our ability to increase our rents or to maintain existing occupancy levels. The repeal of or amendment to Proposition 

13 in California may significantly increase occupancy costs for some of our tenants and may adversely impact their financial condition, 

ability to make rental payments, and ability to renew lease agreements, which in turn could adversely affect our financial condition, 

results of operations, and cash flows and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders.

In addition, compliance with various laws passed in California and other states in which we conduct business may result in 

cost increases due to new constraints on our business and the effects of potential non-compliance by us or third-party service 

providers. Any changes in connection with compliance could be time consuming and expensive, while failure to timely implement 

required changes could subject us to liability for non-compliance, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, 

and financial condition.

Most of our costs, such as operating and general and administrative expenses, interest expense, and real estate 

acquisition and construction costs, are subject to inflation. 

As of 

December 31, 2025

, approximately 

97%

 of our leases (on an annual rental revenue basis) contained effective annual 

rent escalations approximating 

3%

that were

 either fixed or indexed based on the CPI or another index. We have long-term lease 

agreements with our tenants, of which 

3%

–

12%

 (based on occupied RSF) expire each year. 

We believe that these annual lease 

expirations allow us to reset these leases to market rents upon renewal or re-leasing and that annual rent escalations within our long-

term leases are generally sufficient to offset the effect of inflation on non-recoverable costs, such as general and administrative and 

interest expenses. However, during inflationary periods in which the inflation rate exceeds the annual rent escalation percentages within 

our lease contracts, these rate escalations or the resetting of rents from our renewal and re-leasing activities may not adequately offset 

the impact of inflation. 

Our operating expenses are incurred in connection with, among others, property-related contracted services such as janitorial 

and engineering services, utilities, security, repairs and maintenance, and insurance. Property taxes are also impacted by inflationary 

changes as taxes are regularly reassessed based on changes in the fair value of our properties located outside of California. As 

discussed previously, in California, property taxes are not reassessed based on changes in the fair value of the underlying real estate 

asset but are instead limited to a maximum 2% annual increase by law.

Our operating expenses, with the exception of ground lease rental expenses, are typically recoverable through our lease 

arrangements, which allow us to pass through substantially all expenses associated with property taxes, insurance, utilities, security, 

repairs and maintenance, and other operating expenses (including increases thereto) to our tenants. As of 

December 31, 2025

, 

approximately 

92%

 of our existing leases (on an annual rental revenue basis) were triple net leases, which allow us to recover 

operating expenses, and approximately 

92%

 of our existing leases (on an annual rental revenue basis) also provided for the recapture 

of capital expenditures. Our remaining leases are generally gross leases, which provide for recoveries of operating expenses above the 

operating expenses from the initial year within each lease. 

13

Due to our ability to largely recover increases in operating expenses from our triple net leases, inflation typically does not have 

a significant adverse effect on our net operating income, results of operations, and operating cash flows at the property level. However, 

there is no guarantee that our tenants would be able to absorb these expense increases and to continue to pay us their portion of 

operating expenses, capital expenditures, and rent, or to be able to continue operating their businesses or conducting research and 

development activities altogether. Alternatively, our tenants may decide to relocate to areas with lower rent and operating expenses 

where we may not currently own properties, and, as a result, our tenants may cease leasing properties from us. 

Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, technology services, and professional 

service fees. Annually, our employee compensation is adjusted to reflect merit increases; however, to maintain our ability to successfully 

retain and compete for the best talent, especially in a talent shortage environment, rising inflation rates may require us to provide 

compensation increases beyond historical annual merit increases, which may unexpectedly and/or significantly increase our 

compensation costs. Similarly, technology services and professional service fees are also subject to the impact of inflation and 

generally increase proportionately with increasing market prices for such services. Consequently, inflation may increase our general 

and administrative expenses over time.

During inflationary periods, interest rates have historically increased. For instance, to control the rate of inflation, the Board of 

Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “U.S. Federal Reserve”) raised its benchmark federal funds rate from nearly zero in 

March 2022 to a range between 

3.50%

 and 

3.75%

 as of December 31, 2025. Interest rates at elevated levels could increase our 

financing costs over time, either through near-term borrowings on our variable-rate unsecured senior line of credit and commercial 

paper program, refinancing of our existing borrowings, or the issuance of new debt. In addition, elevated market interest rates may 

result in a decrease in the value of our real estate and could also adversely affect the securities markets in general, which could impact 

the market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance. Any such unfavorable changes to our borrowing 

costs and stock price could significantly impact our ability to raise new debt and equity capital going forward.

Additionally, inflationary pricing may increase the construction costs necessary to complete our development and 

redevelopment projects, including, but not limited to, costs of construction materials, labor, and services from third-party contractors and 

suppliers. These pressures are expected to intensify in 2026 due to tariff‑driven material‑cost volatility. Certain increases in the costs of 

construction materials, however, can often be managed in our development and redevelopment projects through either (i) general 

budget contingencies built into our overall construction costs estimates for each of our projects or (ii) guaranteed maximum price 

construction contracts, which stipulate a maximum price for certain construction costs and shift inflation risk to our construction general 

contractors. However, it is not guaranteed that our budget contingencies would accurately account for potential construction cost 

increases. Nor is it guaranteed that our general contractors would be able to absorb such increases in costs and complete our 

construction projects timely, within budget, or at all.

 We rely on a number of third-party suppliers and contractors to supply raw materials, skilled labor, and services for our 

construction projects. We have not encountered significant difficulty collaborating with these third-party suppliers and contractors and 

obtaining materials and skilled labor, nor experienced significant delays or increases in overall project costs due to the factors 

discussed above. While we do not rely on any single supplier or vendor for the majority of our materials and skilled labor, we may 

experience difficulties obtaining necessary materials from suppliers or vendors whose supply chains might become impacted by 

economic or political changes, outmoded technology, aging infrastructure, shortages of shipping containers and/or means of 

transportation, or difficulties obtaining adequate skilled labor from third-party contractors. It is uncertain whether we would be able to 

continue to source the essential commodities, supplies, materials, and skilled labor timely or at all without incurring significant costs or 

delays, particularly during times of economic uncertainty resulting from events outside of our control. Higher construction costs could 

adversely impact our net investments in real estate and expected yields on our development and redevelopment projects, which may 

make otherwise lucrative investment opportunities less profitable to us. 

Historically, during periods of increasing interest rates, real estate valuations have generally decreased as a result of rising 

capitalization rates which tend to move directionally with interest rates. Consequently, prolonged periods of higher interest rates may 

negatively impact the valuation of our real estate asset portfolio and lead to higher cost of capital and/or lower sales proceeds from 

future real estate dispositions.

The realization of any of the aforementioned risks could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash 

flows, our stock price and market capitalization, as well as our ability to pay dividends.

The cost of maintaining the quality of our properties may be higher than anticipated, which can result in reduced 

cash flows and profitability.

If our properties are not as attractive to current and prospective tenants in terms of rent, services, condition, or location as