. 

In
addition to risk factors discussed in MD&A under “Critical Accounting Estimates” and elsewhere in this report, the Company believes the following, which have not been sequenced in any particular order, are the most significant risks
related to our business that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

We
face risks related to general economic conditions, which may impact the demand for and supply of our products and our results of operations. 

Demand for our products depends in part on the general economic conditions affecting the United States and, to a lesser extent, the rest of the world. Although our diverse product offering and customer
base help provide relative stability to our business in difficult times, a broad decline in general economic conditions could result in customers postponing capital projects and could negatively impact the demand for our products and services as
well as our customers’ ability to fulfill their obligations to us. Falling demand could lead to lower sales volumes, lower pricing and/or lower profit margins. A protracted period of lower product demand and profitability could result in
diminished values for both tangible and intangible assets, increasing the possibility of future impairment charges. Further, suppliers could be impacted by an economic downturn, which could impact their ability to fulfill their obligations to us.
Although current economic conditions are favorable, should economic conditions deteriorate, our financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

We operate in a highly competitive environment and such competition could negatively impact us. 

The U.S. industrial gas industry operates in a highly competitive environment. Competition is generally based on price, reliable product delivery, product availability, technical support, quality and
service. If we are unable to compete effectively with our competitors, we may suffer lower revenue and/or a loss of market share. 

9 

Table of Contents

Increases in product and energy costs could reduce our profitability. 

The cost of industrial gases represents a significant percentage of our operating costs. The production of industrial gases requires
significant amounts of electric energy. Therefore, industrial gas prices have historically increased as the cost of electric power increases. Price increases for oil and natural gas have historically resulted in electric power surcharges. In
addition, a significant portion of our distribution expenses consists of diesel fuel costs. Energy prices can be volatile and may rise in the future, resulting in an increase in the cost of industrial gases and/or the cost to distribute them. While
we have historically been able to pass increases in the cost of our products and operating expenses on to our customers, we cannot guarantee our ability to do so in the future, which could negatively impact our operations, financial results or
liquidity. 

Our financial results may be adversely affected by gas supply disruptions/constraints. 

We are the largest U.S. distributor of industrial, medical and specialty gases in packaged form and have long-term supply contracts with
the major gas producers. Additionally, we operate 15 air separation plants, 16 acetylene plants and six carbon dioxide liquification plants, which provide us with substantial production capacity. Our long-term supply contracts and our own production
capacity mitigate supply disruptions to various degrees. However, natural disasters, plant shut downs, labor strikes and other supply disruptions may occur within our industry. Regional supply disruptions may create shortages of raw materials and
certain products. Consequently, we may not be able to obtain the products required to meet our customers’ demands or may incur significant cost to ship product from other regions of the country to meet customer requirements. Such additional
costs may adversely impact operating results until product sourcing can be restored. In the past, we successfully met customer demand by arranging for alternative supplies and transporting product into an affected region, but we cannot guarantee
that we will be successful in arranging alternative product supplies or passing the additional transportation or other costs on to customers in the event of future supply disruptions, which could negatively impact our operations, financial results
or liquidity. 

U.S. credit markets may impact our ability to obtain financing or increase the cost of future financing. 

As of March 31, 2011, we had total consolidated debt of approximately $1.9 billion, which had an average length to maturity of
approximately four years. During periods of volatility and disruption in the U.S. credit markets, obtaining additional or replacement financing may be more difficult and costly. Higher cost of new debt may limit our ability to finance future
acquisitions on terms that are acceptable to us. Additionally, although we actively manage our interest rate risk through derivative and diversified debt obligations, approximately 50% of our debt has a variable interest rate. If interest rates
increase, our interest expense could increase, affecting earnings and reducing cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions. Finally, our cost of borrowing can be affected by debt ratings assigned by independent
rating agencies which are based in large part on our performance as measured by certain liquidity metrics. An adverse change in these debt ratings could increase the cost of borrowing and make it more difficult to obtain financing on favorable
terms. 

We may not be successful in integrating acquisitions and achieving intended benefits and synergies. 

We have successfully integrated approximately 400 acquisitions in our history and consider the acquisition and integration of businesses
to be a core competency. However, the process of integrating acquired businesses into our operations may result in unexpected operating difficulties and may require significant financial and other resources. Unexpected difficulties may impair our
ability to achieve targeted synergies or planned operating results, which could diminish the value of acquired tangible and intangible assets resulting in future impairment charges. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including: 

•

 acquired companies may not have an internal control structure appropriate for a larger public company resulting in a need for significant revisions;

•

 acquired operations, information systems and products may be difficult to integrate; 

•

 acquired operations may not achieve targeted synergies; 

•

 we may not be able to retain key employees, customers and business relationships of acquired companies; and 

•

 our management team may have their attention and resources diverted from ongoing operations. 

We depend on our key personnel to manage our business effectively and they may be difficult to replace. 

Our performance substantially depends on the efforts and abilities of our senior management team, including our President and Chief
Executive Officer, other executive officers and key employees. Furthermore, much of our competitive advantage is based on the expertise, experience and know-how of our key personnel regarding our distribution infrastructure, systems and products.
The loss of key employees could have a negative effect on our business, revenues, results of operations and financial condition. 

10 

Table of Contents

We are subject to litigation risk as a result of the nature of our business, which may have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits that arise from our business. Litigation
may, for example, relate to product liability claims, vehicle accidents, contractual disputes or employment matters. The defense and ultimate outcome of lawsuits against us may result in higher operating expenses. Those higher operating expenses
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We have established insurance programs
with significant deductibles and maximum coverage limits which could result in the recognition of significant losses. 

We
maintain insurance coverage for workers’ compensation, auto and general liability claims with significant per claim deductibles. In the past, we have incurred significant workers’ compensation, auto and general liability losses. Such
losses could impact our profitability. Additionally, claims in excess of our insurance limits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

Catastrophic events may disrupt our business and adversely affect our operating results. 

Although our operations are widely distributed across the U.S., a catastrophic event such as a fire or explosion at one of the
Company’s fill plants or a supplier’s plant, or natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes and earthquakes, could result in significant property losses, employee injuries and third-party damage claims. Additionally, such events may
severely impact our regional customer base and supply sources resulting in lost revenues, higher product costs and increased bad debts. 

We
are subject to environmental, health and safety regulations that generate ongoing environmental costs and could subject us to liability. 

We are subject to laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and natural resources. These include, among other things, reporting on chemical inventories and risk management plans,
and management of hazardous substances and wastes, air emissions and water discharges. Violations of existing laws and enactment of future legislation and regulations could result in substantial penalties, temporary or permanent plant closures and
legal consequences. Moreover, the nature of our existing and historical operations exposes us to the risk of liabilities to third parties. These potential claims include property damage, personal injuries and cleanup obligations. See Item 1,
“Business—Regulatory and Environmental Matters” above. 

More recently, the issue of greenhouse gas emissions
has been subject to increased scrutiny, public awareness and evolving legislation, both internationally and in the U.S. Increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions could impose additional costs on us, both directly through new compliance and
reporting requirements as well as indirectly through increased industrial gas and energy costs. Until such time that federal legislation is passed in the United States, it will remain unclear as to what industries would be impacted, the period of
time within which compliance would be required, the significance of the greenhouse gas emissions reductions and the costs of compliance. Although we do not believe that increased greenhouse gas emissions regulation will have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, we cannot provide assurance that such costs will not increase in the future or will not become material. 

Recent health care legislation in the United States contains provisions that will significantly impact government reimbursement of health-care costs. Many of these provisions will be effective in future
years. Therefore, this legislation’s impact on our health-care customers and the products and services we offer them is unclear and may be detrimental. We continue to monitor developments with respect to this evolving legislation. 

We face risks in connection with our current project to install a new enterprise information system for our business. 

We continue our phased implementation of a new enterprise information system (“SAP”) for many aspects of our business. The
implementation is a technically intensive process, requiring testing, modifications and project coordination. Although our SAP implementation process includes more than fifteen months of design and testing, which is intended to minimize business
disruption and conversion risks, we may experience disruptions in our business operations related to this implementation effort. Such disruptions could result in material adverse consequences, including delays in the design and implementation of the
system, loss of information, loss of personnel, a reduction in our ability to process transactions, harm to our control environment, and unanticipated increases in costs. 

11 

Table of Contents

We face risks in connection with our new divisional alignment and restructuring of our accounting and
certain administrative functions. 

In May 2011 in conjunction with the SAP implementation, we announced that we will
consolidate the accounting and certain administrative functions of our twelve regional distribution companies into four Business Support Centers. Currently, each of the regional distribution companies operates with its own accounting group and
administrative functions. The consolidation of our regional company accounting and certain administrative functions is expected to support the net operating income benefits anticipated as part of the SAP project. However, the cost of such
consolidation, which includes severance, transition staffing, relocation and other costs, could exceed our estimates. The administrative efficiencies, which we believe will result from the consolidation, may not be realized to the extent
anticipated, thereby reducing the operating income benefit. Additionally, key personnel may not relocate to the new Business Support Centers and employees affected by the consolidation may leave us prior to completing the transition efforts, which
may slow the process and increase its cost. 

We face risks that the full amount and/or timing of the anticipated net operating income
benefits from our SAP implementation may not be realized. 

We have announced expected incremental annual operating income
benefits in the range of $75 to $125 million on an annual run-rate basis. By December 2013, we expect to be at the run-rate of the mid-point of the target operating income benefits range. However, unanticipated delays in the SAP system
implementation could adversely affect the timing of when these benefits may be realized. In addition, adverse market conditions could slow anticipated accelerated sales growth, the realization of pricing management benefits, and attainment of
administrative and operating efficiencies. 

Market conditions and other uncertainties may unfavorably impact our withdrawal liabilities
from multi-employer pension plans. 

We have and continue to participate in multi-employer pension plans that provide
defined benefits to union employees under the provisions of collective bargaining agreements. Multi-employer pension plans generally provide retirement benefits to participants based on their service to contributing employers. As we negotiate
changes in collective bargaining agreements and cease making contributions to certain multi-employer pension plans, estimates for withdrawal liabilities must be recorded in our consolidated financial statements. At March 31, 2011, estimated
liabilities for multi-employer pension plans from which we have withdrawn amounted to $16 million. These estimates and estimates for plans in which we still participate are based on numerous assumptions that continually change and information that
is not always current, and can take a number of years to settle. Furthermore, the investment assets in these plans are subject to market fluctuations and may significantly increase potential withdrawal liabilities during market downturns. As a
result, increases in future withdrawal liabilities from multi-employer pension plans could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.