. 

In
addition to risk factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the Company believes the following, which have not been sequenced in any particular order, are the most significant risks related to our business that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

We face risks related to general economic conditions, which may impact
the demand for and supply of our products and our results of operations. 

Demand for our products depends in part on the
general economic conditions affecting the United States and, to a lesser extent, the rest of the world. Although our diverse product offering and customer base help provide relative stability to our business in difficult times, the weak economic
conditions experienced in the United States over the last 18 months have been broad-based. This general downturn has resulted in customers postponing capital projects and may continue to negatively impact the demand for our products and services as
well as our customers’ ability to fulfill their obligations to us. Falling demand may lead to lower sales volumes, lower pricing and/or lower profit margins. A protracted period of lower product demand and profitability may result in diminished
values for both tangible and intangible assets, increasing the possibility of future impairment charges. Further, suppliers may be impacted by an economic downturn, which could impact their ability to fulfill their obligations to us. Although
current economic conditions show signs of improvement, should economic conditions deteriorate, our financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

We operate in a highly competitive environment and such competition could negatively impact us. 

The U.S. industrial gas industry operates in a highly competitive environment. Competition is generally based on price, reliable product
delivery, product availability, technical support, quality and service. If we are unable to compete effectively with our competitors, we may suffer lower revenue and/or a loss of market share. 

Increases in product and energy costs could reduce our profitability. 

The cost of industrial gases represents a significant percentage of our operating costs. The production of industrial gases requires
significant amounts of electric energy. Therefore, industrial gas prices have historically increased as the cost of electric power increases. Price increases for oil and natural gas have historically resulted in electric power surcharges. In
addition, a significant portion of our distribution expenses consists of diesel fuel costs. Although prices of oil, natural gas and diesel fuel moderated during fiscal 2010 as compared to the volatility experienced during fiscal 2009, energy prices
may rise in the future, resulting in an increase in the cost of industrial gases. While we have historically been able to pass increases in the cost of our products and operating expenses on to our customers, we cannot guarantee our ability to do so
in the future, which could negatively impact our operations, financial results or liquidity. 

Our financial results may be adversely
affected by gas supply disruptions/constraints. 

We are the largest U.S. distributor of industrial, medical and specialty
gases in packaged form and have long-term supply contracts with the major gas producers. Additionally, we operate 16 air separation plants and five carbon dioxide liquification plants, which provide us with substantial production capacity. Our
long-term supply contracts and our own production capacity mitigate supply disruptions to various degrees. However, natural disasters, plant shut downs, labor strikes and other supply disruptions may occur within our industry. Regional supply
disruptions may create shortages of certain products. Consequently, we may not be able to obtain the products required to meet our customers’ demands or may incur significant cost to ship product from other regions of the country to meet
customer requirements. Such additional costs may adversely impact operating results until product sourcing can be restored. In the past, we successfully met customer demand by arranging for alternative supplies and transporting product into an
affected region, but we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in arranging alternative product supplies or passing the additional transportation or other costs on to customers in the event of future supply disruptions, which could negatively
impact our operations, financial results or liquidity. 

12 

Table of Contents

U.S. credit markets may impact our ability to obtain financing or increase the cost of future financing.

As of March 31, 2010, we had total consolidated debt of approximately $1.5 billion, which includes $548 million
related to our senior credit facility with a syndicate of lenders (“Credit Facility”) that matures on July 25, 2011. We also participate in a trade receivables securitization agreement (the “Securitization Agreement”) with
three commercial banks to sell up to $295 million in qualified trade receivables. At March 31, 2010, the amount of outstanding trade receivables sold under the program was $295 million. The Securitization Agreement expires in March 2012. See
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included in Item 7. 

During periods of volatility and disruption in the U.S. credit markets, obtaining additional or replacement financing may be more
difficult and the cost of issuing new debt or replacing the Credit Facility could be higher than under our current facilities. Higher cost of new debt may limit our ability to finance future acquisitions on terms that are acceptable to us.
Additionally, although we actively manage our interest rate risk through derivative and diversified debt obligations, approximately 50% of our debt (including the trade receivables securitization and the effect of interest rate swap agreements) has
a variable interest rate. If interest rates increase, our interest expense could increase, affecting earnings and reducing cash flows available for working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions. Finally, our cost of borrowing can be
affected by debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies which are based in large part on our performance as measured by certain liquidity metrics. An adverse change in these debt ratings could increase the cost of borrowing and make it more
difficult to obtain financing on favorable terms. 

We may not be successful in integrating acquisitions and achieving intended benefits and
synergies. 

We have successfully integrated approximately 400 acquisitions in our history and consider the acquisition and
integration of businesses to be a core competency. However, the process of integrating acquired businesses into our operations may result in unexpected operating difficulties and may require significant financial and other resources. Unexpected
difficulties may impair our ability to achieve targeted synergies or planned operating results, which could diminish the value of acquired tangible and intangible assets resulting in future impairment charges. Acquisitions involve numerous risks,
including: 

•

 acquired companies may not have an internal control structure appropriate for a larger public company resulting in a need for significant revisions;

•

 acquired operations, information systems and products may be difficult to integrate; 

•

 acquired operations may not achieve targeted synergies; 

•

 we may not be able to retain key employees, customers and business relationships of acquired companies; and 

•

 our management team may have their attention and resources diverted from ongoing operations. 

13 

Table of Contents

We depend on our key personnel to manage our business effectively and they may be difficult to replace.

Our performance substantially depends on the efforts and abilities of our senior management team, including our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, other executive officers and key employees. Furthermore, much of our competitive advantage is based on the expertise, experience and know-how of our key personnel regarding our distribution infrastructure, systems and
products. The loss of key employees could have a negative effect on our business, revenues, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are subject to litigation risk as a result of the nature of our business, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits that arise from our business. Litigation may, for example, relate to product liability
claims, vehicle accidents, contractual disputes, or employment matters. The defense and ultimate outcome of lawsuits against us may result in higher operating expenses. Those higher operating expenses could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We have established insurance programs with significant deductibles and maximum
coverage limits which could result in the recognition of significant losses. 

We maintain insurance coverage for
workers’ compensation, auto and general liability claims with significant per claim deductibles and, in some policy years, aggregate per claim retentions above those deductibles. In the past, we have incurred significant workers’
compensation, auto and general liability losses. Such losses could impact our profitability. Additionally, claims in excess of our insurance limits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.

Catastrophic events may disrupt our business and adversely affect our operating results. 

Although our operations are widely distributed across the U.S., a catastrophic event such as a fire or explosion at one of the
Company’s fill plants or natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes and earthquakes, could result in significant property losses, employee injuries and third-party damage claims. Additionally, such events may severely impact our regional
customer base and supply sources resulting in lost revenues, higher product costs, and increased bad debts. 

We are subject to
environmental, health and safety regulations that generate ongoing environmental costs and could subject us to liability. 

We are subject to laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and natural resources. These include, among other
things, reporting on chemical inventories and risk management plans, and management of hazardous substances and wastes, air emissions and water discharges. Violations of existing laws and enactment of future legislation and regulations could result
in substantial penalties, temporary or permanent plant closures and legal consequences. Moreover, the nature of our existing and historical operations exposes us to the risk of liabilities to third parties. These potential claims include property
damage, personal injuries and cleanup obligations. See Item 1, “Business—Regulatory and Environmental Matters” above. 

14 

Table of Contents

More recently, the issue of greenhouse gas emissions has been subject to increased scrutiny,
public awareness and evolving legislation, both internationally and in the U.S. Increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions could impose additional costs on us, both directly through new compliance and reporting requirements as well as
indirectly through increased industrial gas and energy costs. Until such time that federal legislation is passed in the United States, it will remain unclear as to what industries would be impacted, the period of time within which compliance would
be required, the significance of the greenhouse gas emissions reductions and the costs of compliance. Although we do not believe that increased greenhouse gas emissions regulation will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations or liquidity, we cannot provide assurance that such costs will not increase in the future or will not become material. 

We face risks in connection with our current project to install a new enterprise information system for our business. 

We continue our phased implementation project of a new enterprise information system for many aspects of our business. The implementation
is a technically intensive process, requiring testing, modifications and project coordination. Although our implementation process includes more than fifteen months of design and testing, which is intended to provide minimal business disruption and
to minimize conversion risks, we may experience disruptions in our business operations related to this implementation effort. Such disruptions could result in material adverse consequences, including delays in the design and implementation of the
system, loss of information, damage to our ability to process transactions or harm to our control environment, and unanticipated increases in costs. 

Market conditions and other uncertainties may unfavorably impact our withdrawal liabilities from multi-employer pension plans. 

We participate in several multi-employer pension plans that provide defined benefits to union employees under the provisions of
collective bargaining agreements. The plans generally provide retirement benefits to participants based on their service to contributing employers. As we negotiate changes in collective bargaining agreements and cease making contributions to certain
multi-employer pension funds, estimates for withdrawal liabilities must be recorded in our consolidated financial statements. However, the estimates are based on numerous assumptions that continually change and information that is not always
current, and can take a number of years to settle. Furthermore, the investment assets in these plans are subject to market fluctuations and may significantly increase potential withdrawal liabilities during market downturns. As a result, increases
in future withdrawal liabilities from multi-employer pension plans could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

Air Products & Chemicals, Inc.’s (“Air Products”) unsolicited takeover attempt may require us to incur significant additional
costs. 

In February 2010, Air Products made public an unsolicited proposal to acquire the Company and subsequently
commenced a tender offer for all outstanding shares of common stock of the Company and initiated a proxy fight to elect three directors to our board. Our Board of Directors carefully evaluated each proposal made by Air Products and, after
consultation with its financial and legal advisors, unanimously determined that Air Products’ proposals were not in the best interests of the Company or our shareholders, as they grossly undervalued Airgas. In response to Air Products’
actions, we have recognized charges of $23.4 million in fiscal 2010 consisting of legal and professional fees, a significant portion of which represents up-front accruals for the minimum obligations to the Company’s advisors. Responding to Air
Products’ unsolicited tender offer and proxy contest may require us to incur significant additional costs. 

15 

Table of Contents