. 

Alcoa’s business,
financial condition and results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially harm our business, financial condition or
results of operations, including causing Alcoa’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. The following list of significant risk factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of
importance. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to Alcoa or that Alcoa currently deems immaterial also may materially adversely affect us in future periods. 

The aluminum industry and aluminum end-use markets are highly cyclical and are influenced by a number of factors, including global economic conditions. 

The aluminum industry generally is highly cyclical, and Alcoa is subject to cyclical fluctuations in global economic conditions and aluminum end-use
markets. Alcoa sells many products to industries that are cyclical, such as the commercial construction and transportation industries, and the demand for our products is sensitive to, and quickly impacted by, demand for the finished goods
manufactured by our customers in these industries, which may change as a result of changes in the general U.S. or worldwide economy, currency exchange rates, energy prices or other factors beyond our control. While Alcoa believes that the long-term
prospects for aluminum remain positive, the Company is unable to predict the future course of industry variables or the strength, pace or sustainability of the economic recovery and the effects of government intervention. Negative economic
conditions, such as another major economic downturn, a prolonged recovery period, or disruptions in the financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Market-driven balancing of global aluminum supply and demand may be disrupted by non-market forces or other impediments to production closures.

In response to market-driven factors relating to the global supply and demand of aluminum, Alcoa has recently curtailed portions of its
aluminum production. Certain other aluminum producers have independently undertaken to make cuts in production as well. However, the existence of non-market forces on global aluminum industry capacity, such as political pressures in certain
countries to keep jobs or to maintain or further develop industry self-sufficiency, may prevent or delay the closure or curtailment of certain producers’ smelters, irrespective of their position on the industry cost curve. Other production cuts
may be impeded by long-term contracts to buy power or raw materials. If industry overcapacity persists due to the disruption by such non-market forces on the market-driven balancing of the global supply and demand of aluminum, the resulting weak
pricing environment and margin compression may adversely affect the operating results of aluminum producers, including Alcoa. 

A reduction
in demand, or a lack of increased demand, for aluminum or aluminum products by China, Europe or a combined number of other countries may negatively impact Alcoa’s results. 

The aluminum industry’s demand is highly correlated to economic growth. For example, the European sovereign debt crisis had an adverse effect on European supply and demand for aluminum and aluminum
products. The Chinese 

27 

Table of Contents

market is a significant source of global demand for commodities, including aluminum. A sustained slowdown in China’s economic growth and aluminum demand that is not offset by increased
aluminum demand in emerging economies, such as India, Brazil, and several South East Asian countries, or the combined slowdown of other markets, could have an adverse effect on the global supply and demand for aluminum and aluminum prices. A
reduction in demand, or a lack of increased demand, in global markets could materially harm Alcoa’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Alcoa could be materially adversely affected by declines in aluminum prices and regional premiums. 

The price of aluminum is frequently volatile and changes in response to general economic conditions, expectations for supply and demand growth or contraction, and the level of global inventories.
Speculative trading in aluminum and the influence of hedge funds and other financial institutions participating in commodity markets have also increased in recent years, contributing to higher levels of price volatility. In 2013, the LME price of
aluminum reached a high of $2,123 per metric ton and a low of $1,695 per metric ton. Continued high LME inventories could lead to a reduction in the price of aluminum. Declines in the LME price have had a negative impact on Alcoa’s results of
operations. Additionally, Alcoa’s results could be adversely affected by decreases in regional premiums that participants in the physical metal market pay for immediate delivery of aluminum, which are part of the overall aluminum price. A
sustained weak aluminum pricing environment, a deterioration in aluminum prices or a decrease in regional premiums could have a material, adverse effect on Alcoa’s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. 

Alcoa’s operations consume substantial amounts of energy; profitability may decline if energy costs rise or if energy supplies are interrupted.

Alcoa’s operations consume substantial amounts of energy. Although Alcoa generally expects to meet the energy requirements for its
alumina refineries and primary aluminum smelters from internal sources or from long-term contracts, certain conditions could negatively affect Alcoa’s results of operations, including the following: 

•

 significant increases in electricity costs rendering smelter operations uneconomic; 

•

 significant increases in fuel oil or natural gas prices; 

•

 unavailability of electrical power or other energy sources due to droughts, hurricanes or other natural causes; 

•

 unavailability of energy due to energy shortages resulting in insufficient supplies to serve consumers; 

•

 interruptions in energy supply or unplanned outages due to equipment failure or other causes; 

•

 curtailment of one or more refineries or smelters due to the inability to extend energy contracts upon expiration or to negotiate new arrangements on
cost-effective terms or due to the unavailability of energy at competitive rates; or 

•

 curtailment of one or more smelters due to a regulatory authority’s determination that power supply interruptibility rights granted to Alcoa under
an interruptibility regime in place under the laws of the country in which the smelter is located do not comply with the regulatory authority’s state aid rules, thus rendering the smelter operations that had been relying on such country’s
interruptibility regime uneconomic. 

If events such as those listed above were to occur, the resulting high energy costs or
the disruption of an energy source or the requirement to repay all or a portion of the benefit Alcoa received under a power supply interruptibility regime could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s business and results of operations.

Alcoa’s profitability could be adversely affected by increases in the cost of raw materials or by significant lag effects of
decreases in commodity or LME-linked costs. 

Alcoa’s results of operations are affected by changes in the cost of raw materials,
including energy, carbon products, caustic soda and other key inputs, as well as freight costs associated with transportation of raw materials to refining and smelting locations. Alcoa may not be able to fully offset the effects of higher raw
material costs or energy costs 

28 

Table of Contents

through price increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs. Similarly, Alcoa’s operating results are affected by significant lag effects of declines in key costs of
production that are commodity or LME-linked. For example, declines in the LME-linked costs of alumina and power during a particular period may not be adequate to offset sharp declines in metal price in that period. Increases in the cost of raw
materials or decreases in input costs that are disproportionate to concurrent sharper decreases in the price of aluminum could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s operating results. 

Alcoa is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, as well as inflation, and other economic factors in the
countries in which it operates. 

Economic factors, including inflation and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest
rates, competitive factors in the countries in which Alcoa operates, and continued volatility or deterioration in the global economic and financial environment could affect Alcoa’s revenues, expenses and results of operations. Changes in the
valuation of the U.S. dollar against other currencies, particularly the Australian dollar, Brazilian real, Canadian dollar, Euro and Norwegian kroner, may affect Alcoa’s profitability as some important raw materials are purchased in other
currencies, while the Company’s products are generally sold in U.S. dollars. 

Alcoa may not be able to successfully realize goals
established in each of its four business segments, at the levels or by the dates targeted for such goals. 

Alcoa established targets for
each of its four major business segments, including the following: 

•

 by 2016, driving the alumina business further down the industry cost curve into the 21st percentile; 

•

 by 2016, driving the aluminum business further down the industry cost curve into the 38th percentile; 

•

 by 2016, increasing the revenues of the Global Rolled Products segment, while improving margins that exceed historical levels, by $1.0 billion, with
90% expected to be generated from innovation and share gains; and 

•

 by 2016, increasing the revenues of the Engineered Products and Solutions segment, while improving margins that exceed historical levels, by $1.2
billion, with 75% expected to be generated from innovation and share gains. 

For more information regarding Alcoa’s
targets, see “Management Review of 2013 and Outlook for the Future” in Part II, Item 7. (Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) of this report. There can be no assurance that any of
these targets or other goals will be completed as anticipated. Market conditions or other factors may prevent Alcoa from accomplishing its goals at the levels or by the dates targeted, if at all, and failure to do so may have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or the market price of our securities. 

Alcoa may not be able to realize
expected benefits from its growth projects or from its streamlining portfolio strategy. 

Alcoa’s growth projects include the joint
venture with Ma’aden in Saudi Arabia; the automotive expansions in Davenport, Iowa and Alcoa, Tennessee; the aluminum lithium capacity expansion in Lafayette, Indiana, at the Alcoa Technical Center in Pennsylvania and at the Kitts Green plant
in the United Kingdom; and the China and Russia growth projects. Although management believes that these projects will be beneficial to Alcoa, there is no assurance that anticipated benefits will be realized. Adverse factors may prevent Alcoa from
realizing the benefits of its growth projects, including unfavorable global economic conditions, currency fluctuations, or unexpected delays in target timelines. 

Alcoa has made, and may continue to plan and execute, acquisitions and divestitures and take other actions to grow or streamline its portfolio. Alcoa may face barriers to exit from unprofitable businesses
or operations, including high exit costs or objections from various stakeholders. In addition, Alcoa may retain unforeseen liabilities for divested entities 

29 

Table of Contents

if the buyer fails to honor all commitments. Acquisitions also present significant challenges and risks, including the effective integration of the business into the Company and unanticipated
costs and liabilities, and the Company may be unable to manage acquisitions successfully. There can be no assurance that acquisitions and divestitures will be undertaken or completed in their entirety as planned or that they will be beneficial to
Alcoa. 

Joint ventures and other strategic alliances may not be successful. 

Alcoa participates in joint ventures and has formed strategic alliances and may enter into other similar arrangements in the future. For example, in December 2009, Alcoa formed a joint venture with
Ma’aden, the Saudi Arabian Mining Company, to develop a fully integrated aluminum complex (including a bauxite mine, alumina refinery, aluminum smelter and rolling mill) in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. In November 2012, Alcoa and China Power
Investment Corporation (CPI) established a joint venture company to produce high-end fabricated aluminum products in China. Although the Company has, in connection with the Saudi Arabia joint venture and its other existing joint ventures and
strategic alliances, sought to protect its interests, joint ventures and strategic alliances inherently involve special risks. Whether or not Alcoa holds majority interests or maintains operational control in such arrangements, its partners may:

•

 have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with or opposed to those of the Company; 

•

 exercise veto rights so as to block actions that Alcoa believes to be in its or the joint venture’s or strategic alliance’s best interests;

•

 take action contrary to Alcoa’s policies or objectives with respect to its investments; or 

•

 as a result of financial or other difficulties, be unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations under the joint venture, strategic alliance or
other agreements, such as contributing capital to expansion or maintenance projects. 

In addition, the joint venture with
Ma’aden is subject to risks associated with large infrastructure construction projects. There can be no assurance that the project as a whole will be completed within budget or that the project phases will be completed by their targeted
completion dates, or that it or Alcoa’s other joint ventures or strategic alliances will be beneficial to Alcoa, whether due to the above-described risks, unfavorable global economic conditions, increases in construction costs, currency
fluctuations, political risks, or other factors. 

Alcoa faces significant competition, which may have an adverse effect on profitability.

As discussed in Part I, Item 1. (Business—Competitive Conditions) of this report, the markets for most aluminum products are
highly competitive. Alcoa’s competitors include a variety of both U.S. and non-U.S. companies in all major markets, including some that are subsidized. In addition, aluminum competes with other materials, such as steel, plastics, composites,
and glass, among others, for various applications in Alcoa’s key markets. The willingness of customers to accept substitutes for the products sold by Alcoa, the ability of large customers to exert leverage in the marketplace to affect the
pricing for fabricated aluminum products, or other developments by or affecting Alcoa’s competitors or customers could affect Alcoa’s results of operations. In addition, Alcoa’s competitive position depends, in part, on the
Company’s access to an economical power supply to sustain its operations in various countries. 

Any further downgrade of Alcoa’s
credit ratings could limit Alcoa’s ability to obtain future financing, increase its borrowing costs, increase the pricing of its credit facilities, adversely affect the market price of its securities, trigger letter of credit or other
collateral postings, or otherwise impair its business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Alcoa’s long-term debt is
currently rated BBB- by Standard and Poor’s Ratings Services and BBB- by Fitch Ratings; BBB- is the lowest level of investment grade rating. In April 2013, both Standard and Poor’s and Fitch lowered Alcoa’s ratings outlook to
negative. In May 2013, Moody’s Investors Service downgraded Alcoa’s long-term debt rating from Baa3 to Ba1, which is below investment grade, and changed the outlook from rating under review to stable. There can be no assurance that one or
more of these or other rating agencies will not take further negative actions with 

30 

Table of Contents

respect to Alcoa’s ratings. Increased debt levels, adverse aluminum market or macroeconomic conditions, a deterioration in the Company’s debt protection metrics, a contraction in the
Company’s liquidity, or other factors could potentially trigger such actions. A rating agency may lower, suspend or withdraw entirely a rating or place it on negative outlook or watch if, in that rating agency’s judgment, circumstances so
warrant. 

As a result of the Moody’s downgrade, certain counterparties have required Alcoa to post letters of credit or cash collateral,
and the cost of issuance of commercial paper has increased. For more information regarding the effects of the downgrade on the Company’s liquidity, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Financing Activities” in Part II,
Item 7. (Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) of this report. 

If
Standard & Poor’s or Fitch also downgrades Alcoa’s credit rating below investment grade, Alcoa may be subject to additional requests for letters of credit or other collateral and exclusion from the commercial paper market. For
example, under the project financings for the joint venture project in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, a downgrade of Alcoa’s credit ratings below investment grade by at least two of the three rating agencies (Standard and Poor’s,
Moody’s, and Fitch) would require Alcoa to provide a letter of credit or fund an escrow account for a portion or all of Alcoa’s remaining equity commitment to the joint venture. For additional information regarding the project financings,
see Note I to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Any additional or further downgrade of Alcoa’s credit ratings by one or more rating agencies could also adversely impact the market price of Alcoa’s securities, adversely affect existing
financing (for example, a downgrade by Standard and Poor’s or a further downgrade by Moody’s would subject Alcoa to higher costs under Alcoa’s Five-Year Revolving Credit Agreement and certain of its other revolving credit facilities),
limit access to the capital (including commercial paper) or credit markets or otherwise adversely affect the availability of other new financing on favorable terms, if at all, result in more restrictive covenants in agreements governing the terms of
any future indebtedness that the Company incurs, increase the cost of borrowing or fees on undrawn credit facilities, result in vendors or counterparties seeking collateral or letters of credit from Alcoa, or otherwise impair Alcoa’s business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Alcoa may not be able to realize expected benefits from the change to index pricing of
alumina. 

Alcoa has implemented a move to a pricing mechanism for alumina based on an index of alumina prices rather than a percentage of
the LME-based aluminum price. Alcoa believes that this change more fairly reflects the fundamentals of alumina including raw materials and other input costs involved. There can be no assurance that such index pricing ultimately will be accepted for
all third-party shipments of alumina or that such index pricing will result in consistently greater profitability from sales of alumina. 

Alcoa’s business and growth prospects may be negatively impacted by reductions in its capital expenditures. 

Alcoa requires substantial capital to invest in greenfield and brownfield projects and to maintain and prolong the life and capacity of its existing
facilities. For 2014, generating positive cash flow from operations that will exceed capital spending continues to be an Alcoa target. Insufficient cash generation may negatively impact Alcoa’s ability to fund as planned its sustaining and
growth capital projects. Over the long term, Alcoa’s ability to take advantage of improved aluminum or other market conditions may be constrained by earlier capital expenditure restrictions, and the long-term value of its business could be
adversely impacted. The Company’s position in relation to its competitors may also deteriorate. 

Alcoa may also need to address
commercial and political issues in relation to its reductions in capital expenditures in certain of the jurisdictions in which it operates. If Alcoa’s interest in its joint ventures is diluted or it loses key concessions, its growth could be
constrained. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Alcoa’s global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability and events beyond its control in the countries in which it operates. 

Alcoa has operations or activities in numerous countries and regions outside the U.S. that have varying degrees of political and economic risk, including
Brazil, China, Europe, Guinea, Russia, and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Risks 

31 

Table of Contents

include those associated with sovereign and private debt default, political instability, civil unrest, expropriation, nationalization, renegotiation or nullification of existing agreements,
mining leases and permits, commercial instability caused by corruption, and changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, taxation, exchange controls, employment regulations and
repatriation of earnings. While the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect Alcoa’s business, financial condition or operating results. 

Alcoa could be adversely affected by changes in the business or financial condition of a significant customer or customers. 

A significant downturn or further deterioration in the business or financial condition of a key customer or customers supplied by Alcoa could affect
Alcoa’s results of operations in a particular period. Alcoa’s customers may experience delays in the launch of new products, labor strikes, diminished liquidity or credit unavailability, weak demand for their products, or other
difficulties in their businesses. If Alcoa is not successful in replacing business lost from such customers, profitability may be adversely affected. 

Cyber attacks and security breaches may threaten the integrity of Alcoa’s intellectual property and other sensitive information, disrupt our business operations, and result in reputational harm
and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 

Alcoa
faces global cybersecurity threats, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures, known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the Company. Cyber attacks and security breaches may include, but
are not limited to, attempts to access information, computer viruses, denial of service and other electronic security breaches. 

We believe
that Alcoa faces a heightened threat of cyber attacks due to the industries we serve, the locations of our operations and our technological innovations. The Company has experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past, including breaches of our
information technology systems in which information was taken, and may experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency or sophistication. Based on information known to date, past attacks have not had a material impact on Alcoa’s
financial condition or results of operations. However, due to the evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, the scope and impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. While the Company continually works to safeguard our systems and mitigate
potential risks, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cyber attacks or security breaches that manipulate or improperly use our systems or networks, compromise confidential or otherwise protected information, destroy
or corrupt data, or otherwise disrupt our operations. The occurrence of such events could negatively impact our reputation and our competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business, potential
liability and increased remediation costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, such attacks or breaches could require significant management attention and resources,
and result in the diminution of the value of our investment in research and development. 

Alcoa may be exposed to significant legal
proceedings, investigations or changes in U.S. federal, state or foreign law, regulation or policy. 

Alcoa’s results of operations or
liquidity in a particular period could be affected by new or increasingly stringent laws, regulatory requirements or interpretations, or outcomes of significant legal proceedings or investigations adverse to Alcoa. The Company may experience a
change in effective tax rates or become subject to unexpected or rising costs associated with business operations or provision of health or welfare benefits to employees due to changes in laws, regulations or policies. The Company is also subject to
a variety of legal compliance risks. These risks include, among other things, potential claims relating to product liability, health and safety, environmental matters, intellectual property rights, government contracts, taxes, and compliance with
U.S. and foreign export laws, anti-bribery laws, competition laws and sales and trading practices. Alcoa could be subject to fines, penalties, damages (in certain cases, treble damages), or suspension or debarment from government contracts.

32 

Table of Contents

While Alcoa believes it has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to address and
reduce these risks, the global and diverse nature of its operations means that these risks will continue to exist, and additional legal proceedings and contingencies may arise from time to time. In addition, various factors or developments can lead
the Company to change current estimates of liabilities or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible of reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory
developments or changes in applicable law. A future adverse ruling or settlement or unfavorable changes in laws, regulations or policies, or other contingencies that the Company cannot predict with certainty could have a material adverse effect on
the Company’s results of operations or cash flows in a particular period. For additional information regarding the legal proceedings involving the Company, see the discussion in Part I, Item 3. (Legal Proceedings) of this report and in
Note N to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data). 

Alcoa is subject
to a broad range of health, safety and environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and may be exposed to substantial costs and liabilities associated with such laws and regulations. 

Alcoa’s operations worldwide are subject to numerous complex and increasingly stringent health, safety and environmental laws and regulations. The
costs of complying with such laws and regulations, including participation in assessments and cleanups of sites, as well as internal voluntary programs, are significant and will continue to be so for the foreseeable future. Environmental laws may
impose cleanup liability on owners and occupiers of contaminated property, including past or divested properties, regardless of whether the owners and occupiers caused the contamination or whether the activity that caused the contamination was
lawful at the time it was conducted. Environmental matters for which we may be liable may arise in the future at our present sites, where no problem is currently known, at previously owned sites, sites previously operated by us, sites owned by our
predecessors or sites that we may acquire in the future. Compliance with environmental, health and safety legislation and regulatory requirements may prove to be more limiting and costly than we anticipate. Alcoa’s results of operations or
liquidity in a particular period could be affected by certain health, safety or environmental matters, including remediation costs and damages related to certain sites. Additionally, evolving regulatory standards and expectations can result in
increased litigation and/or increased costs, all of which can have a material and adverse effect on earnings and cash flows. 

Climate
change, climate change legislation or regulations and greenhouse effects may adversely impact Alcoa’s operations and markets. 

Energy
is a significant input in a number of Alcoa’s operations. There is growing recognition that consumption of energy derived from fossil fuels is a contributor to global warming. 

A number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating legislative and regulatory change in response to the potential impacts of climate change. There is also current and
emerging regulation, such as the mandatory renewable energy target in Australia, Australia’s carbon pricing mechanism introduced in 2012, Québec’s transition to a “cap and trade” system with compliance required beginning
2013 and the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme. Alcoa will likely see changes in the margins of greenhouse gas-intensive assets and energy-intensive assets as a result of regulatory impacts in the countries in which the Company operates. These
regulatory mechanisms may be either voluntary or legislated and may impact Alcoa’s operations directly or indirectly through customers or Alcoa’s supply chain. Inconsistency of regulations may also change the attractiveness of the
locations of some of the Company’s assets. Assessments of the potential impact of future climate change legislation, regulation and international treaties and accords are uncertain, given the wide scope of potential regulatory change in
countries in which Alcoa operates. The Company may realize increased capital expenditures resulting from required compliance with revised or new legislation or regulations, costs to purchase or profits from sales of, allowances or credits under a
“cap and trade” system, increased insurance premiums and deductibles as new actuarial tables are developed to reshape coverage, a change in competitive position relative to industry peers and changes to profit or loss arising from
increased or decreased demand for goods produced by the Company and indirectly, from changes in costs of goods sold. 

33 

Table of Contents

The potential physical impacts of climate change on the Company’s operations are highly uncertain, and
will be particular to the geographic circumstances. These may include changes in rainfall patterns, shortages of water or other natural resources, changing sea levels, changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperature levels. These
effects may adversely impact the cost, production and financial performance of Alcoa’s operations. 

Additional tax expense or
additional tax exposures could affect Alcoa’s future profitability. 

Alcoa is subject to income taxes in both the United States and
various non-U.S. jurisdictions. Our domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the distribution of income among these different jurisdictions. Alcoa’s tax expense includes estimates of additional tax which may be incurred for
tax exposures and reflects various estimates and assumptions. In addition, the assumptions include assessments of future earnings of the Company that could impact the valuation of its deferred tax assets. The Company’s future results of
operations could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the overall profitability of the Company, changes in tax
legislation and rates, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns and continuing assessments of its tax
exposures. Corporate tax reform and tax law changes continue to be analyzed in the United States and in many other jurisdictions. Significant changes to the U.S. corporate tax system in particular could have a substantial impact, positive or
negative, on Alcoa’s effective tax rate, cash tax expenditures, and deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

Adverse decline in liability
discount rate, lower-than-expected investment return on pension assets and other factors could affect Alcoa’s results of operations or amount of pension funding contributions in future periods. 

Alcoa’s results of operations may be negatively affected by the amount of expense Alcoa records for its pension and other postretirement benefit
plans, reductions in the fair value of plan assets and other factors. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) require that Alcoa calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. 

These valuations reflect assumptions about financial market and other economic conditions, which may change based on changes in key economic indicators.
The most significant year-end assumptions used by Alcoa to estimate pension or other postretirement benefit income or expense for the following year are the discount rate applied to plan liabilities and the expected long-term rate of return on plan
assets. In addition, Alcoa is required to make an annual measurement of plan assets and liabilities, which may result in a significant charge to shareholders’ equity. For a discussion regarding how Alcoa’s financial statements can be
affected by pension and other postretirement benefits accounting policies, see “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates—Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits” in Part II, Item 7. (Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) and Note W to the Consolidated Financial Statements—Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits in Part II, Item 8. (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data). 

Although GAAP expense and pension funding contributions are impacted by different regulations and requirements, the key economic factors that affect GAAP
expense would also likely affect the amount of cash or securities Alcoa would contribute to the pension plans. Potential pension contributions include both mandatory amounts required under federal law and discretionary contributions to improve the
plans’ funded status. The Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act, enacted in 2012, provides temporary relief for employers like Alcoa who sponsor defined benefit pension plans related to funding contributions under the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 by allowing the use of a 25-year average discount rate within an upper and lower range for purposes of determining minimum funding obligations instead of an average discount rate for the two most recent years,
as currently is the case. Alcoa has elected this temporary relief and believes that it will moderately reduce the cash flow sensitivity of the Company’s U.S. pension plans’ funded status to potential declines in discount rates over the
next two to three years. However, higher than expected pension contributions due to a further decline in our funded status as a result of additional declines in the discount rate or lower-than-expected investment returns on plan assets could have a
material negative effect on our cash flows. Adverse capital market conditions could result in reductions in the fair value of plan assets and increase the Company’s liabilities related to such plans, adversely affecting Alcoa’s liquidity
and results of operations. 

34 

Table of Contents

Union disputes and other employee relations issues could adversely affect Alcoa’s financial results.

A significant portion of Alcoa’s employees are represented by labor unions in a number of countries under various collective
bargaining agreements with varying durations and expiration dates. For more information, see “Employees” in Part I, Item 1. (Business) of this report. The master collective bargaining agreement between Alcoa and the United
Steelworkers, which covers 10 locations and approximately 6,100 U.S. employees, expires on May 15, 2014. If a new long-term agreement is not reached, work stoppage at some of the 10 locations could begin on May 16, 2014. While Alcoa was
previously successful in renegotiating the agreement with the United Steelworkers in June 2010, Alcoa may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate this or other collective bargaining agreements in the U.S. and other countries when they expire. In
addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at Alcoa’s facilities in the future. Alcoa may also be subject to general country strikes or work stoppages unrelated to its business or collective
bargaining agreements. Any such work stoppages (or potential work stoppages) could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s financial results. 

Alcoa’s human resource talent pool may not be adequate to support the Company’s growth. 

Alcoa’s existing operations and development projects require highly skilled executives, and staff with relevant industry and technical experience. The inability of the Company or the industry to
attract and retain such people may adversely impact Alcoa’s ability to adequately meet project demands and fill roles in existing operations. Skills shortages in engineering, technical service, construction and maintenance contractors and other
labor market inadequacies may also impact activities. These shortages may adversely impact the cost and schedule of development projects and the cost and efficiency of existing operations. 

Alcoa may not realize expected long-term benefits from its productivity and cost-reduction initiatives. 

Alcoa has undertaken, and may continue to undertake, productivity and cost-reduction initiatives to improve performance and conserve cash, including new procurement strategies for raw materials, such as
backward integration and non-traditional sourcing from numerous geographies, deployment of company-wide business process models, such as Alcoa’s degrees of implementation process in which productivity ideas are executed in a series of steps,
and overhead cost reductions. There is no assurance that these initiatives will be successful or beneficial to Alcoa or that estimated cost savings from such activities will be realized. 

Alcoa may not be able to successfully develop and implement technology initiatives. 

Alcoa
is working on new developments for a number of strategic projects in all business segments, including advanced smelting process technologies such as inert anode and carbothermic technology, alloy development, engineered finishes and product design
and manufacturing. For more information on Alcoa’s research and development programs, see “Research and Development” in Part I, Item 1. (Business) of this report. There can be no assurance that such developments or technologies
will be commercially feasible or beneficial to Alcoa. 

Unexpected events may increase Alcoa’s cost of doing business or disrupt
Alcoa’s operations. 

Unexpected events, including fires or explosions at facilities, natural disasters, war or terrorist activities,
unplanned outages, supply disruptions, or failure of equipment or processes to meet specifications may increase the cost of doing business or otherwise impact Alcoa’s financial performance. Further, existing insurance arrangements may not
provide protection for all of the costs that may arise from such events.