. 

Alcoa’s business,
financial condition and results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially harm its business, financial condition or
results of operations, including causing Alcoa’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. The following list of significant risk factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of
importance. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to Alcoa or that Alcoa currently deems immaterial also may materially adversely affect us in future periods. 

28 

Table of Contents

The aluminum industry and aluminum end-use markets are highly cyclical and are influenced by a number of
factors, including global economic conditions. 

The aluminum industry generally is highly cyclical, and Alcoa is subject to cyclical
fluctuations in global economic conditions and aluminum end-use markets. Alcoa sells many products to industries that are cyclical, such as the commercial construction and transportation, automotive, and aerospace industries, and the demand for its
products is sensitive to, and quickly impacted by, demand for the finished goods manufactured by its customers in these industries, which may change as a result of changes in the general U.S. or worldwide economy, currency exchange rates, energy
prices or other factors beyond its control. 

The demand for aluminum is highly correlated to economic growth. For example, the European
sovereign debt crisis that began in late 2009 had an adverse effect on European demand for aluminum and aluminum products. The Chinese market is a significant source of global demand for, and supply of, commodities, including aluminum. A sustained
slowdown in China’s economic growth and aluminum demand, or a significant slowdown in other markets, that is not offset by decreases in supply or by increased aluminum demand in emerging economies, such as India, Brazil, and several South East
Asian countries, could have an adverse effect on the global supply and demand for aluminum and aluminum prices. 

While Alcoa believes that the
long-term prospects for aluminum and aluminum products are positive, the Company is unable to predict the future course of industry variables or the strength of the global economy and the effects of government intervention. Negative economic
conditions, such as a major economic downturn, a prolonged recovery period, a downturn in the commodity sector, or disruptions in the financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s business, financial condition or results of
operations. 

Alcoa could be materially adversely affected by declines in aluminum prices, including global, regional and product-specific
prices. 

The overall price of primary aluminum consists of several components: 1) the underlying base metal component, which is typically
based on quoted prices from the London Metal Exchange (LME); 2) the regional premium, which comprises the incremental price over the base LME component that is associated with the physical delivery of metal to a particular region (e.g., the Midwest
premium for metal sold in the United States); and 3) the product premium, which represents the incremental price for receiving physical metal in a particular shape (e.g., coil, billet, slab, rod, etc.) or alloy. Each of the above three components
has its own drivers of variability. 

The LME price is typically driven by macroeconomic factors, global supply and demand of aluminum
(including expectations for growth and contraction and the level of global inventories), and financial investors. An imbalance in global supply and demand of aluminum, such as decreasing demand without corresponding supply declines, could have a
negative impact on aluminum pricing. Speculative trading in aluminum and the influence of hedge funds and other financial institutions participating in commodity markets have also increased in recent years, potentially contributing to higher levels
of price volatility. In 2015, the cash LME price of aluminum reached a high of $1,919 per metric ton and a low of $1,424 per metric ton. High LME inventories, or the release of substantial inventories into the market, could lead to a reduction in
the price of aluminum. Declines in the LME price have had a negative impact on Alcoa’s results of operations. 

Additionally, Alcoa’s
results could be adversely affected by decreases in regional premiums that participants in the physical metal market pay for immediate delivery of aluminum. Regional premiums tend to vary based on the supply of and demand for metal in a particular
region and associated transportation costs. LME warehousing rules could cause aluminum prices to decrease and surpluses have caused regional premiums to decrease, which would have a negative impact on the Company’s results of operations.

Product premiums generally are a function of supply and demand for a given primary aluminum shape and alloy combination in a particular
region. A sustained weak LME aluminum pricing environment, deterioration in LME aluminum prices, or a decrease in regional premiums or product premiums could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s business, financial condition, and results
of operations or cash flow. 

29 

Table of Contents

LME warehousing rules could cause aluminum prices to decrease. 

Since 2013, the LME has been engaged in a program aimed at reforming the rules under which registered warehouses in its global network operate. The
initial rule changes took effect on February 1, 2015, and the LME has announced additional changes that will be implemented in 2016. These rule changes, and any subsequent changes that the exchange chooses to make, could impact the
supply/demand balance in the primary aluminum physical market and may impact regional delivery premiums and LME aluminum prices. Decreases in regional delivery premiums and/or decreases in LME aluminum prices could have a material adverse effect on
Alcoa’s business, financial condition, and results of operations or cash flow. 

Alcoa may not be able to realize the expected benefits
from its strategy of transforming its portfolio by growing its value-add business and by creating a lower cost, competitive commodity business by optimizing its portfolio. 

Alcoa is continuing to execute on its strategy of transforming its portfolio by growing its value-add business to capture profitable growth as a lightweight metals innovation leader and by creating a
lower cost, competitive commodity business by optimizing its portfolio. It is investing in its value-add manufacturing and engineering businesses to capture growth opportunities in strong end markets like automotive and aerospace. Alcoa is building
out its value-add businesses, including by introducing innovative new products and technology solutions, and investing in expansions of value-add capacity. Alcoa’s growth projects include the joint venture with Ma’aden in Saudi Arabia; the
automotive expansions in Davenport, Iowa and Alcoa, Tennessee; the aluminum lithium capacity expansion in Lafayette, Indiana, at the Alcoa Technical Center in Pennsylvania and at the Kitts Green plant in the United Kingdom; and the expansion in
aerospace capabilities in La Porte, Indiana, Hampton, Virginia and Davenport, Iowa. From time to time, Alcoa also pursues growth opportunities that are strategically aligned with its objectives, such as the acquisition of the Firth Rixson business
(completed in November 2014), the acquisition of TITAL (completed in March 2015) and the acquisition of RTI International Metals (completed in July 2015). In addition, Alcoa is optimizing its rolling mill portfolio as part of its strategy for
profitable growth in the midstream business. At the same time, the Company is creating a competitive commodity business by taking decisive actions to lower the cost base of its upstream operations, including closing, selling or curtailing high-cost
global smelting capacity, optimizing alumina refining capacity, and pursuing the sale of its interest in certain other operations. 

Alcoa has
made, and may continue to plan and execute, acquisitions and divestitures and take other actions to grow or streamline its portfolio. Although management believes that its strategic actions are beneficial to Alcoa, there is no assurance that
anticipated benefits will be realized. Adverse factors may prevent Alcoa from realizing the benefits of its growth projects, including unfavorable global economic conditions, currency fluctuations, or unexpected delays in target timelines.
Acquisitions present significant challenges and risks, including the effective integration of the business into the Company, unanticipated costs and liabilities, and the ability to realize anticipated benefits, such as growth in market share,
revenue or margins, at the levels or in the timeframe expected. The Company may be unable to manage acquisitions successfully. 

With respect
to portfolio optimization actions such as divestitures, curtailments and closures, Alcoa may face barriers to exit from unprofitable businesses or operations, including high exit costs or objections from various stakeholders. In addition, Alcoa may
retain unforeseen liabilities for divested entities if a buyer fails to honor all commitments. Alcoa’s business operations are capital intensive, and curtailment or closure of operations or facilities may include significant charges, including
employee separation costs, asset impairment charges and other measures. 

There can be no assurance that acquisitions, growth investments,
divestitures or closures will be undertaken or completed in their entirety as planned or that they will be beneficial to Alcoa. 

Market-driven balancing of global aluminum supply and demand may be disrupted by non-market forces or other impediments to production closures.

In response to market-driven factors relating to the global supply and demand of aluminum, Alcoa has curtailed or closed portions of its
aluminum production. Certain other aluminum producers have independently undertaken to make cuts in production as well. However, the existence of non-market forces on global aluminum industry capacity, such as political pressures in certain
countries to keep jobs or to maintain or further develop industry self-sufficiency, may 

30 

Table of Contents

prevent or delay the closure or curtailment of certain producers’ smelters, irrespective of their position on the industry cost curve. Other production cuts may be impeded by long-term
contracts to buy power or raw materials. If industry overcapacity persists due to the disruption by such non-market forces on the market-driven balancing of the global supply and demand of aluminum, the resulting weak pricing environment and margin
compression may adversely affect the operating results of aluminum producers, including Alcoa. 

Alcoa’s operations consume substantial
amounts of energy; profitability may decline if energy costs rise or if energy supplies are interrupted. 

Alcoa’s operations consume
substantial amounts of energy. Although Alcoa generally expects to meet the energy requirements for its alumina refineries and primary aluminum smelters from internal sources or from long-term contracts, certain conditions could negatively affect
Alcoa’s results of operations, including the following: 

•

 significant increases in electricity costs rendering smelter operations uneconomic; 

•

 significant increases in fuel oil or natural gas prices; 

•

 unavailability of electrical power or other energy sources due to droughts, hurricanes or other natural causes; 

•

 unavailability of energy due to energy shortages resulting in insufficient supplies to serve consumers; 

•

 interruptions in energy supply or unplanned outages due to equipment failure or other causes; 

•

 curtailment of one or more refineries or smelters due to the inability to extend energy contracts upon expiration or to negotiate new arrangements on
cost-effective terms or due to the unavailability of energy at competitive rates; or 

•

 curtailment of one or more smelters due to a regulatory authority’s determination that power supply interruptibility rights granted to Alcoa under
an interruptibility regime in place under the laws of the country in which the smelter is located do not comply with the regulatory authority’s state aid rules, thus rendering the smelter operations that had been relying on such country’s
interruptibility regime uneconomic. 

If events such as those listed above were to occur, the resulting high energy costs or
the disruption of an energy source or the requirement to repay all or a portion of the benefit Alcoa received under a power supply interruptibility regime could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s business and results of operations.

Alcoa’s profitability could be adversely affected by increases in the cost of raw materials or by significant lag effects of
decreases in commodity or LME-linked costs. 

Alcoa’s results of operations are affected by changes in the cost of raw materials,
including energy, carbon products, caustic soda and other key inputs, as well as freight costs associated with transportation of raw materials to refining and smelting locations. Alcoa may not be able to fully offset the effects of higher raw
material costs or energy costs through price increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs. Similarly, Alcoa’s operating results are affected by significant lag effects of declines in key costs of production that are commodity
or LME-linked. For example, declines in the LME-linked costs of alumina and power during a particular period may not be adequate to offset sharp declines in metal price in that period. Increases in the cost of raw materials or decreases in input
costs that are disproportionate to concurrent sharper decreases in the price of aluminum could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s operating results. 

Alcoa is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, as well as inflation, and other economic factors in the countries in which it operates. 

Economic factors, including inflation and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, competitive factors in the countries in
which Alcoa operates, and continued volatility or deterioration in the global economic and financial environment could affect Alcoa’s revenues, expenses and results of operations. Changes in the valuation of the U.S. dollar against other
currencies, particularly the Australian dollar, Brazilian real, Canadian dollar, 

31 

Table of Contents

Euro and Norwegian kroner, may affect Alcoa’s profitability as some important inputs are purchased in other currencies, while the Company’s upstream products are generally sold in U.S.
dollars. In addition, although a strong U.S. dollar generally has a positive impact on Alcoa’s near-term profitability, over a longer term, a strong U.S. dollar may have an unfavorable impact to Alcoa’s position on the global aluminum cost
curve due to Alcoa’s U.S. smelting portfolio. As the U.S. dollar strengthens, the cost curve shifts down for smelters outside the U.S. but costs for Alcoa’s U.S. smelting portfolio may not decline. 

Alcoa may not be able to successfully realize future targets or goals established for its business segments, at the levels or by the dates targeted.

From time to time, Alcoa may announce future targets or goals for its business, which are based on the Company’s then current
expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the operating environment, economies and markets in which Alcoa operates. Future targets and goals reflect the Company’s beliefs and assumptions and its perception of historical trends,
then current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors management believes are appropriate in the circumstances. As such, targets and goals are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive and other
uncertainties and contingencies regarding future events, including the risks discussed in this report. The actual outcome may be materially different. There can be no assurance that any targets or goals established by the Company will be
accomplished at the levels or by the dates targeted, if at all. Failure to achieve the targets or goals by the Company may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations or the market price of its
securities. 

Alcoa faces significant competition, which may have an adverse effect on profitability. 

As discussed in Part I, Item 1. (Business—Competitive Conditions) of this report, the markets for Alcoa’s aluminum and non-aluminum
products are highly competitive. Alcoa’s competitors include a variety of both U.S. and non-U.S. companies in all major markets, including some that are subsidized. Alcoa’s metals, including aluminum, titanium and nickel, compete with
other materials, such as steel, plastics, composites, ceramics, and glass, among others, for various applications in Alcoa’s key markets. New product offerings or new technologies in the marketplace may compete with or replace Alcoa products.
The willingness of customers to accept substitutes for the products sold by Alcoa, the ability of large customers to exert leverage in the marketplace to affect the pricing for fabricated aluminum products, and technological advancements or other
developments by or affecting Alcoa’s competitors or customers could affect Alcoa’s results of operations. In addition, Alcoa’s competitive position depends, in part, on the Company’s ability to leverage its innovation expertise
across its businesses and key end markets and, in the case of its upstream businesses, having access to an economical power supply to sustain its operations in various countries. 

A downgrade of Alcoa’s credit ratings could limit Alcoa’s ability to obtain future financing, increase its borrowing costs, increase the pricing of its credit facilities, adversely affect the
market price of its securities, trigger letter of credit or other collateral postings, or otherwise impair its business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Standard and Poor’s Ratings Services currently rates Alcoa’s long-term debt BBB-, the lowest level of investment grade rating, with a stable ratings outlook (ratings and outlook were affirmed on
March 9, 2015). On September 28, 2015, S&P issued a statement that these ratings and outlook for Alcoa were not affected by Alcoa’s plan to separate into two publicly-traded companies. On May 29, 2013, Moody’s Investors
Service downgraded Alcoa’s long-term debt rating from Baa3 to Ba1, which is below investment grade, and changed the outlook from rating under review to stable. On April 30, 2015, Moody’s changed the outlook from stable to positive. On
September 28, 2015, Moody’s affirmed these ratings and changed the current outlook from positive to developing based on Alcoa’s plan to separate into two publicly-traded companies. On January 21, 2016, Moody’s placed Alcoa’s
long-term debt rating under review and changed the current outlook from developing to rating under review, while leaving Alcoa’s short-term debt rating unchanged. On April 11, 2014, Fitch Ratings downgraded Alcoa’s rating from BBB- to
BB+, a below investment grade rating, and changed the outlook from negative to stable. On April 16, 2015, Fitch Ratings affirmed Alcoa’s rating of 

32 

Table of Contents

BB+ but revised Alcoa’s outlook to positive. On September 30, 2015, Fitch placed these ratings on “ratings watch positive” based on Alcoa’s plan to separate into two
publicly-traded companies. 

There can be no assurance that one or more of these or other rating agencies will not take negative actions with
respect to Alcoa’s ratings. Increased debt levels, adverse aluminum market or macroeconomic conditions, a deterioration in the Company’s debt protection metrics, a contraction in the Company’s liquidity, or other factors could
potentially trigger such actions. A rating agency may lower, suspend or withdraw entirely a rating or place it on negative outlook or watch if, in that rating agency’s judgment, circumstances so warrant. 

A downgrade of Alcoa’s credit ratings by one or more rating agencies could adversely impact the market price of Alcoa’s securities; adversely
affect existing financing (for example, a downgrade by Standard and Poor’s or a further downgrade by Moody’s would subject Alcoa to higher costs under Alcoa’s Five-Year Revolving Credit Agreement and certain of its other revolving
credit facilities); limit access to the capital (including commercial paper) or credit markets or otherwise adversely affect the availability of other new financing on favorable terms, if at all; result in more restrictive covenants in agreements
governing the terms of any future indebtedness that the Company incurs; increase the cost of borrowing or fees on undrawn credit facilities; result in vendors or counterparties seeking collateral or letters of credit from Alcoa; or otherwise impair
Alcoa’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Cyber attacks and security breaches may threaten the integrity of
Alcoa’s intellectual property and other sensitive information, disrupt its business operations, and result in reputational harm and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of
operations. 

Alcoa faces global cybersecurity threats, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and
targeted measures, known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the Company. Cyber attacks and security breaches may include, but are not limited to, attempts to access information, computer viruses, denial of service and other electronic
security breaches. 

The Company believes that it faces a heightened threat of cyber attacks due to the industries it serves, the locations of
its operations and its technological innovations. The Company has experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past, including breaches of its information technology systems in which information was taken, and may experience them in the future,
potentially with more frequency or sophistication. Based on information known to date, past attacks have not had a material impact on Alcoa’s financial condition or results of operations. However, due to the evolving nature of cybersecurity
threats, the scope and impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. While the Company continually works to safeguard its systems and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cyber attacks
or security breaches that manipulate or improperly use its systems or networks, compromise confidential or otherwise protected information, destroy or corrupt data, or otherwise disrupt its operations. The occurrence of such events could negatively
impact Alcoa’s reputation and its competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business, potential liability and increased remediation costs, any of which could have a material adverse
effect on its financial condition and results of operations. In addition, such attacks or breaches could require significant management attention and resources, and result in the diminution of the value of the Company’s investment in research
and development. 

Joint ventures and other strategic alliances may not be successful. 

Alcoa participates in joint ventures and has formed strategic alliances and may enter into other similar arrangements in the future. For example, in
December 2009, Alcoa formed a joint venture with Ma’aden, the Saudi Arabian Mining Company, to develop a fully integrated aluminum complex (including a bauxite mine, alumina refinery, aluminum smelter and rolling mill) in the Kingdom of Saudi
Arabia. Although the Company has, in connection with the Saudi Arabia joint venture and its other existing joint ventures and strategic alliances, sought to protect its interests, joint ventures and strategic alliances inherently involve special
risks. Whether or not Alcoa holds majority interests or maintains operational control in such arrangements, its partners may: 

•

 have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with or opposed to those of the Company; 

33 

Table of Contents

•

 exercise veto rights so as to block actions that Alcoa believes to be in its or the joint venture’s or strategic alliance’s best interests;

•

 take action contrary to Alcoa’s policies or objectives with respect to its investments; or 

•

 as a result of financial or other difficulties, be unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations under the joint venture, strategic alliance or
other agreements, such as contributing capital to expansion or maintenance projects. 

There can be no assurance that
Alcoa’s joint ventures or strategic alliances will be beneficial to Alcoa, whether due to the above-described risks, unfavorable global economic conditions, increases in construction costs, currency fluctuations, political risks, or other
factors. 

Alcoa’s business and growth prospects may be negatively impacted by limits in its capital expenditures. 

Alcoa requires substantial capital to invest in growth opportunities and to maintain and prolong the life and capacity of its existing facilities. For
2016, generating positive cash flow from operations that will exceed capital expenditures continues to be an Alcoa target. Insufficient cash generation or capital project overruns may negatively impact Alcoa’s ability to fund as planned its
sustaining and return-seeking capital projects. Over the long term, Alcoa’s ability to take advantage of improved aluminum or other market conditions or growth opportunities in its midstream and downstream businesses may be constrained by
earlier capital expenditure restrictions, which could adversely affect the long-term value of its business and the Company’s position in relation to its competitors. 

Alcoa may also need to address commercial and political issues in relation to its reductions in capital expenditures in certain of the jurisdictions in which it operates. If Alcoa’s interest in its
joint ventures is diluted or it loses key concessions, its growth could be constrained. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Alcoa’s global operations expose the Company to risks that could adversely affect Alcoa’s business, financial condition, operating results
or cash flows. 

Alcoa has operations or activities in numerous countries and regions outside the United States, including Brazil, China,
Europe, Guinea, Russia, and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The Company’s global operations are subject to a number of risks, including: 

•

 economic and commercial instability risks, including those caused by sovereign and private debt default, corruption, and changes in local government
laws, regulations and policies, such as those related to tariffs and trade barriers, taxation, exchange controls, employment regulations and repatriation of earnings; 

•

 geopolitical risks such as political instability, civil unrest, expropriation, nationalization of properties by a government, imposition of sanctions,
renegotiation or nullification of existing agreements, mining leases and permits; 

•

 war or terrorist activities; 

•

 major public health issues such as an outbreak of a pandemic or epidemic (such as Sudden Acute Respiratory Syndrome, Avian Influenza, H7N9 virus, or
the Ebola virus), which could cause disruptions in Alcoa’s operations or workforce; 

•

 difficulties enforcing intellectual property and contractual rights in certain jurisdictions; and 

•

 unexpected events, including fires or explosions at facilities, and natural disasters. 

While the impact of any of the foregoing factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect Alcoa’s business, financial
condition, operating results or cash flows. Existing insurance arrangements may not provide protection for the costs that may arise from such events. 

34 

Table of Contents

An adverse decline in the liability discount rate, lower-than-expected investment return on pension
assets and other factors could affect Alcoa’s results of operations or amount of pension funding contributions in future periods. 

Alcoa’s results of operations may be negatively affected by the amount of expense Alcoa records for its pension and other postretirement benefit
plans, reductions in the fair value of plan assets and other factors. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) require that Alcoa calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. 

These valuations reflect assumptions about financial market and other economic conditions, which may change based on changes in key economic indicators.
The most significant year-end assumptions used by Alcoa to estimate pension or other postretirement benefit income or expense for the following year are the discount rate applied to plan liabilities and the expected long-term rate of return on plan
assets. In addition, Alcoa is required to make an annual measurement of plan assets and liabilities, which may result in a significant charge to shareholders’ equity. For a discussion regarding how Alcoa’s financial statements can be
affected by pension and other postretirement benefits accounting policies, see “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates—Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits” in Part II, Item 7. (Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) and Note W to the Consolidated Financial Statements—Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits in Part II, Item 8. (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data). Although GAAP expense and
pension funding contributions are impacted by different regulations and requirements, the key economic factors that affect GAAP expense would also likely affect the amount of cash or securities Alcoa would contribute to the pension plans.

Potential pension contributions include both mandatory amounts required under federal law and discretionary contributions to improve the
plans’ funded status. The Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (“MAP-21”), enacted in 2012, provided temporary relief for employers like Alcoa who sponsor defined benefit pension plans related to funding contributions
under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 by allowing the use of a 25-year average discount rate within an upper and lower range for purposes of determining minimum funding obligations. In 2014, the Highway and Transportation Funding
Act (HATFA) was signed into law. HATFA extended the relief provided by MAP-21 and modified the interest rates that had been set by MAP-21. In 2015, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (BBA 2015) was signed into law. BBA 2015 extends the relief period
provided by HAFTA. Alcoa believes that the relief provided by BBA 2015 will moderately reduce the cash flow sensitivity of the Company’s U.S. pension plans’ funded status to potential declines in discount rates over the next several years.
However, higher than expected pension contributions due to a decline in the plans’ funded status as a result of declines in the discount rate or lower-than-expected investment returns on plan assets could have a material negative effect on the
Company’s cash flows. Adverse capital market conditions could result in reductions in the fair value of plan assets and increase the Company’s liabilities related to such plans, adversely affecting Alcoa’s liquidity and results of
operations. 

Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect Alcoa’s future
profitability. 

Alcoa is subject to income taxes in both the United States and various non-U.S. jurisdictions. Its domestic and
international tax liabilities are dependent upon the distribution of income among these different jurisdictions. Changes in applicable domestic or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility
of retroactive effect, could affect the Company’s tax expense and profitability. Alcoa’s tax expense includes estimates of additional tax that may be incurred for tax exposures and reflects various estimates and assumptions. The
assumptions include assessments of future earnings of the Company that could impact the valuation of its deferred tax assets. The Company’s future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a
result of a change in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the overall profitability of the Company, changes in tax legislation and rates, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the
valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the results of tax audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns or related litigation and continuing assessments of its tax exposures. Corporate tax reform and tax law changes continue to
be analyzed in the United States and in many other jurisdictions. Significant changes to the U.S. corporate tax system in particular could have a substantial impact, positive or negative, on Alcoa’s effective tax rate, cash tax expenditures,
and deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

35 

Table of Contents

Union disputes and other employee relations issues could adversely affect Alcoa’s financial results.

A significant portion of Alcoa’s employees are represented by labor unions in a number of countries under various collective
bargaining agreements with varying durations and expiration dates. For more information, see “Employees” in Part I, Item 1. (Business) of this report. While Alcoa was previously successful in renegotiating the master collective
bargaining agreement with the United Steelworkers (the most recent renegotiation having taken place in June 2014), Alcoa may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate that agreement or other collective bargaining agreements in the U.S. and other
countries when they expire. In addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at Alcoa’s facilities in the future. Alcoa may also be subject to general country strikes or work stoppages unrelated
to its business or collective bargaining agreements. Any such work stoppages (or potential work stoppages) could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s financial results. 

Alcoa could be adversely affected by changes in the business or financial condition of a significant customer or customers. 

A significant downturn or deterioration in the business or financial condition of a key customer or customers supplied by Alcoa could affect Alcoa’s results of operations in a particular period.
Alcoa’s customers may experience delays in the launch of new products, labor strikes, diminished liquidity or credit unavailability, weak demand for their products, or other difficulties in their businesses. If Alcoa is not successful in
replacing business lost from such customers, profitability may be adversely affected. 

Alcoa may not be able to successfully develop and
implement technology initiatives. 

Alcoa is working on new developments for a number of strategic projects in all business segments,
including additive manufacturing, alloy development, engineered finishes and product design, high speed continuous casting and rolling technology, and other advanced manufacturing technologies. For more information on Alcoa’s research and
development programs, see “Research and Development” in Part I, Item 1. (Business) of this report. There can be no assurance that such developments or technologies will be commercially feasible or beneficial to Alcoa. 

Alcoa’s human resource talent pool may not be adequate to support the Company’s growth. 

Alcoa’s existing operations and development projects require highly skilled executives and staff with relevant industry and technical experience.
The inability of the Company or the industry to attract and retain such people may adversely impact Alcoa’s ability to adequately meet project demands and fill roles in existing operations. Skills shortages in engineering, technical service,
construction and maintenance contractors and other labor market inadequacies may also impact activities. These shortages may adversely impact the cost and schedule of development projects and the cost and efficiency of existing operations.

Alcoa may not realize expected benefits from its productivity and cost-reduction initiatives. 

Alcoa has undertaken, and may continue to undertake, productivity and cost-reduction initiatives to improve performance and conserve cash, including new
procurement strategies for raw materials, such as backward integration and non-traditional sourcing from numerous geographies, deployment of company-wide business process models, such as Alcoa’s degrees of implementation process in which ideas
are executed in a disciplined manner to generate savings, and overhead cost reductions. There is no assurance that these initiatives will be successful or beneficial to Alcoa or that estimated cost savings from such activities will be realized.

Alcoa may be exposed to significant legal proceedings, investigations or changes in U.S. federal, state or foreign law, regulation or
policy. 

Alcoa’s results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by new or increasingly stringent laws,
regulatory requirements or interpretations, or outcomes of significant legal proceedings or investigations adverse to 

36 

Table of Contents

Alcoa. The Company may experience a change in effective tax rates or become subject to unexpected or rising costs associated with business operations or provision of health or welfare benefits to
employees due to changes in laws, regulations or policies. The Company is also subject to a variety of legal compliance risks. These risks include, among other things, potential claims relating to product liability, health and safety, environmental
matters, intellectual property rights, government contracts, taxes, and compliance with U.S. and foreign export laws, anti-bribery laws, competition laws and sales and trading practices. Alcoa could be subject to fines, penalties, damages (in
certain cases, treble damages), or suspension or debarment from government contracts. 

While Alcoa believes it has adopted appropriate risk
management and compliance programs to address and reduce these risks, the global and diverse nature of its operations means that these risks will continue to exist, and additional legal proceedings and contingencies may arise from time to time. In
addition, various factors or developments can lead the Company to change current estimates of liabilities or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible of reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a
significant settlement, significant regulatory developments or changes in applicable law. A future adverse ruling or settlement or unfavorable changes in laws, regulations or policies, or other contingencies that the Company cannot predict with
certainty could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations or cash flows in a particular period. For additional information regarding the legal proceedings involving the Company, see the discussion in Part I,
Item 3. (Legal Proceedings) of this report and in Note N to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data). 

Alcoa is subject to a broad range of health, safety and environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and may be exposed to substantial costs and liabilities associated
with such laws and regulations. 

Alcoa’s operations worldwide are subject to numerous complex and increasingly stringent health,
safety and environmental laws and regulations. The costs of complying with such laws and regulations, including participation in assessments and cleanups of sites, as well as internal voluntary programs, are significant and will continue to be so
for the foreseeable future. Environmental laws may impose cleanup liability on owners and occupiers of contaminated property, including past or divested properties, regardless of whether the owners and occupiers caused the contamination or whether
the activity that caused the contamination was lawful at the time it was conducted. Environmental matters for which Alcoa may be liable may arise in the future at its present sites, where no problem is currently known, at previously owned sites,
sites previously operated by the Company, sites owned by its predecessors or sites that it may acquire in the future. Compliance with environmental, health and safety legislation and regulatory requirements may prove to be more limiting and costly
than the Company anticipates. Alcoa’s results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by certain health, safety or environmental matters, including remediation costs and damages related to certain sites.
Additionally, evolving regulatory standards and expectations can result in increased litigation and/or increased costs, all of which can have a material and adverse effect on earnings and cash flows. 

Climate change, climate change legislation or regulations and greenhouse effects may adversely impact Alcoa’s operations and markets.

Energy is a significant input in a number of Alcoa’s operations. There is growing recognition that consumption of energy derived
from fossil fuels is a contributor to global warming. 

A number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating
legislative and regulatory change in response to the potential impacts of climate change. There is also current and emerging regulation, such as the mandatory renewable energy target in Australia, Québec’s transition to a “cap and
trade” system with compliance required beginning 2013, the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme and the United States’ Clean Power Plan, which became effective on December 22, 2015. Alcoa will likely see changes in the margins of
greenhouse gas-intensive assets and energy-intensive assets as a result of regulatory impacts in the countries in which the Company operates. These regulatory mechanisms may be either voluntary or legislated and may impact Alcoa’s operations

37 

Table of Contents

directly or indirectly through customers or Alcoa’s supply chain. Inconsistency of regulations may also change the attractiveness of the locations of some of the Company’s assets.
Assessments of the potential impact of future climate change legislation, regulation and international treaties and accords are uncertain, given the wide scope of potential regulatory change in countries in which Alcoa operates. The Company may
realize increased capital expenditures resulting from required compliance with revised or new legislation or regulations, costs to purchase or profits from sales of, allowances or credits under a “cap and trade” system, increased insurance
premiums and deductibles as new actuarial tables are developed to reshape coverage, a change in competitive position relative to industry peers and changes to profit or loss arising from increased or decreased demand for goods produced by the
Company and indirectly, from changes in costs of goods sold. 

The potential physical impacts of climate change on the Company’s
operations are highly uncertain, and will be particular to the geographic circumstances. These may include changes in rainfall patterns, shortages of water or other natural resources, changing sea levels, changing storm patterns and intensities, and
changing temperature levels. These effects may adversely impact the cost, production and financial performance of Alcoa’s operations. 

Alcoa’s plan to separate into two independent publicly-traded companies is subject to various risks and uncertainties and may not be completed in
accordance with the expected plans or anticipated timeline, or at all, and will involve significant time and expense, which could disrupt or adversely affect Alcoa’s business. 

On September 28, 2015, Alcoa announced plans to separate into two independent publicly-traded companies: a Value-Add company comprising the Global Rolled Products, Engineered Products and Solutions,
and Transportation and Construction Solutions segments, and an Upstream company comprising the Alumina and Primary Metals segments. The separation, which is currently targeted to be completed in the second half of 2016, is subject to approval by
Alcoa’s Board of Directors of the final terms of the separation and market, regulatory and certain other conditions. Unanticipated developments, including, among others, failure of the separation to qualify for the expected tax treatment, the
possibility that any third-party consents required in connection with the separation will not be received, material adverse changes in aluminum industry conditions and changes in global economic and financial market conditions generally, could delay
or prevent the completion of the proposed separation, or cause the proposed separation to occur on terms or conditions that are different or less favorable than expected. 

Alcoa expects that the process of completing the proposed separation will be time-consuming and involve significant costs and expenses, which may be significantly higher than what it currently anticipates
and may not yield a benefit if the separation is not completed. Executing the proposed separation will require significant time and attention from Alcoa’s senior management and employees, which could disrupt the Company’s ongoing business
and adversely affect the financial results and results of operations. Alcoa may also experience increased difficulties in attracting, retaining and motivating employees during the pendency of the separation and following its completion, which could
harm the Company’s businesses. 

The separation may not achieve some or all of the anticipated benefits. 

Alcoa may not realize some or all of the anticipated strategic, financial, operational or other benefits from the separation. As independent
publicly-traded companies, the Value-Add and Upstream companies will be smaller, less diversified companies with a narrower business focus and may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions, such as changes in aluminum industry conditions,
which could result in increased volatility in their cash flows, working capital and financing requirements and could materially and adversely affect the respective business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, there can be no
assurance that the combined value of the common stock of the two publicly-traded companies will be equal to or greater than what the value of Alcoa’s common stock would have been had the proposed separation not occurred. 

The proposed separation may result in disruptions to, and negatively impact Alcoa’s relationships with, the Company’s suppliers, customers
and other business partners. 

Uncertainty related to the proposed separation may lead suppliers, customers and other parties with which
Alcoa currently does business or may do business in the future to terminate or attempt to negotiate changes in existing 

38 

Table of Contents

business relationships, or to consider entering into business relationships with parties other than Alcoa. These disruptions could have a material and adverse effect on Alcoa’s businesses,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects, or the businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the independent companies resulting from the separation. The effect of such disruptions could be exacerbated by
any delays in the completion of the separation.