. 

Alcoa’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and
uncertainties could materially harm its business, financial condition or results of operations, including causing Alcoa’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. The following list of
significant risk factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to Alcoa or that Alcoa currently deems immaterial also may materially adversely affect us in future periods.

The aluminum industry and aluminum end-use markets are highly cyclical and are influenced by a number of factors, including global
economic conditions. 

The aluminum industry generally is highly cyclical, and Alcoa is subject to cyclical fluctuations in global economic
conditions and aluminum end-use markets. Alcoa sells many products to industries that are cyclical, such as the commercial construction and transportation industries, and the demand for its products is sensitive to, and quickly impacted by, demand
for the finished goods manufactured by its customers in these industries, which may change as a result of changes in the general U.S. or worldwide economy, currency exchange rates, energy prices or other factors beyond its control. The demand for
aluminum is highly correlated to economic growth. For example, the European sovereign debt crisis had an adverse effect on European supply and demand for aluminum and aluminum products. The Chinese market is a significant source of global demand for
commodities, including aluminum. A sustained slowdown in China’s economic growth and aluminum demand that is not offset by increased aluminum demand in emerging economies, such as India, Brazil, and several South East Asian countries, or the
combined slowdown of other markets, could have an adverse effect on the global supply and demand for aluminum and aluminum prices. 

27 

While Alcoa believes that the long-term prospects for aluminum and aluminum products are positive, the
Company is unable to predict the future course of industry variables or the strength, pace or sustainability of the global economic recovery and the effects of government intervention. Negative economic conditions, such as another major economic
downturn, a prolonged recovery period, or disruptions in the financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Alcoa could be materially adversely affected by declines in aluminum prices, including global, regional and product-specific prices. 

The overall price of primary aluminum consists of several components: 1) the underlying base metal component, which is typically based on quoted prices from the London Metal Exchange (LME); 2) the
regional premium, which comprises the incremental price over the base LME component that is associated with the physical delivery of metal to a particular region (e.g., the Midwest premium for metal sold in the United States); and 3) the product
premium, which represents the incremental price for receiving physical metal in a particular shape (e.g., coil, billet, slab, rod, etc.) or alloy. Each of the above three components has its own drivers of variability. The LME price is typically
driven by macroeconomic factors, global supply and demand of aluminum (including expectations for growth and contraction and the level of global inventories), and financial investors. Regional premiums tend to vary based on the supply of and demand
for metal in a particular region and associated transportation costs. Product premiums generally are a function of supply and demand for a given primary aluminum shape and alloy combination in a particular region. Speculative trading in aluminum and
the influence of hedge funds and other financial institutions participating in commodity markets have also increased in recent years, contributing to higher levels of price volatility. In 2014, the LME price of aluminum reached a high of $2,089 per
metric ton and a low of $1,634 per metric ton. High LME inventories, or the release of substantial inventories into the market, could lead to a reduction in the price of aluminum. Declines in the LME price have had a negative impact on Alcoa’s
results of operations. Additionally, Alcoa’s results could be adversely affected by decreases in regional premiums that participants in the physical metal market pay for immediate delivery of aluminum. Although regional premiums have reached
levels substantially higher than historical averages during 2013 and 2014, new LME warehousing rules (see risk factor entitled “New LME warehousing rules could cause aluminum prices to decrease.”) or other factors may cause these premiums
to decrease, which would have a negative impact on the Company’s results of operations. A sustained weak LME aluminum pricing environment, deterioration in LME aluminum prices, or a decrease in regional premiums or product premiums could have a
material adverse effect on Alcoa’s business, financial condition, and results of operations or cash flow. 

New LME warehousing rules
could cause aluminum prices to decrease. 

In 2013, the LME announced new rules scheduled to take effect on April 1, 2014 that would
require LME warehouses, under certain conditions, to deliver out more aluminum than they take in. Although a court in the United Kingdom ruled in March 2014 that the LME’s consultation process in developing the new rules had been unfair and
unlawful, in October 2014, a court of appeal in the United Kingdom upheld the LME’s consultation process as being fair. The new warehousing rules, which took effect on February 1, 2015, could cause an increase in the supply of aluminum to
enter the physical market and may cause regional delivery premiums, product premiums and LME aluminum prices to fall. Decreases in regional delivery and product premiums, decreases in LME aluminum prices and increases in the supply of aluminum could
have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s business, financial condition, and results of operations or cash flow. 

Alcoa may not be
able to realize the expected benefits from its strategy of transforming its portfolio by growing its value-add business and by creating a lower cost, competitive commodity business by optimizing its portfolio. 

Alcoa is continuing to execute on its strategy of transforming its portfolio by growing its value-add business to capture profitable growth as a
lightweight metals innovation leader and by creating a lower cost, competitive commodity business by optimizing its portfolio. It is investing in its value-add manufacturing and engineering businesses to capture growth opportunities in strong end
markets like automotive and aerospace. Alcoa is also building out its value-add businesses, including by introducing innovative new products and technology solutions, and investing in 

28 

expansions of value-add capacity. Alcoa’s growth projects include the joint venture with Ma’aden in Saudi Arabia; the automotive expansions in Davenport, Iowa and Alcoa, Tennessee; the
aluminum lithium capacity expansion in Lafayette, Indiana, at the Alcoa Technical Center in Pennsylvania and at the Kitts Green plant in the United Kingdom; and the expansion in aerospace capabilities in La Porte, Indiana, Hampton, Virginia and
Davenport, Iowa. From time to time, Alcoa also pursues growth opportunities that are strategically aligned with its objectives, such as the acquisition of the Firth Rixson business (completed in November 2014) and the announced acquisition of TITAL
(expected to close in the first quarter of 2015). In addition, Alcoa is optimizing its rolling mill portfolio as part of its strategy for profitable growth in the midstream business. At the same time, the Company is creating a competitive commodity
business by taking decisive actions to lower the cost base of its upstream operations, closing, selling or curtailing high-cost global smelting capacity, optimizing alumina refining capacity, and pursuing the sale of its interest in certain other
operations. 

Alcoa has made, and may continue to plan and execute, acquisitions and divestitures and take other actions to grow or streamline
its portfolio. Although management believes that its strategic actions will be beneficial to Alcoa, there is no assurance that anticipated benefits will be realized. Adverse factors may prevent Alcoa from realizing the benefits of its growth
projects, including unfavorable global economic conditions, currency fluctuations, or unexpected delays in target timelines. Acquisitions present significant challenges and risks, including the effective integration of the business into the Company
and unanticipated costs and liabilities, and the Company may be unable to manage acquisitions successfully. Alcoa may face barriers to exit from unprofitable businesses or operations, including high exit costs or objections from various
stakeholders. In addition, Alcoa may retain unforeseen liabilities for divested entities if the buyer fails to honor all commitments. There can be no assurance that acquisitions and divestitures will be undertaken or completed in their entirety as
planned or that they will be beneficial to Alcoa. 

Market-driven balancing of global aluminum supply and demand may be disrupted by
non-market forces or other impediments to production closures. 

In response to market-driven factors relating to the global supply and
demand of aluminum, Alcoa has curtailed portions of its aluminum production. Certain other aluminum producers have independently undertaken to make cuts in production as well. However, the existence of non-market forces on global aluminum industry
capacity, such as political pressures in certain countries to keep jobs or to maintain or further develop industry self-sufficiency, may prevent or delay the closure or curtailment of certain producers’ smelters, irrespective of their position
on the industry cost curve. Other production cuts may be impeded by long-term contracts to buy power or raw materials. If industry overcapacity persists due to the disruption by such non-market forces on the market-driven balancing of the global
supply and demand of aluminum, the resulting weak pricing environment and margin compression may adversely affect the operating results of aluminum producers, including Alcoa. 

Alcoa’s operations consume substantial amounts of energy; profitability may decline if energy costs rise or if energy supplies are interrupted. 

Alcoa’s operations consume substantial amounts of energy. Although Alcoa generally expects to meet the energy requirements for its alumina
refineries and primary aluminum smelters from internal sources or from long-term contracts, certain conditions could negatively affect Alcoa’s results of operations, including the following: 

•

 significant increases in electricity costs rendering smelter operations uneconomic; 

•

 significant increases in fuel oil or natural gas prices; 

•

 unavailability of electrical power or other energy sources due to droughts, hurricanes or other natural causes; 

•

 unavailability of energy due to energy shortages resulting in insufficient supplies to serve consumers; 

•

 interruptions in energy supply or unplanned outages due to equipment failure or other causes; 

•

 curtailment of one or more refineries or smelters due to the inability to extend energy contracts upon expiration or to negotiate new arrangements on
cost-effective terms or due to the unavailability of energy at competitive rates; or 

29 

•

 curtailment of one or more smelters due to a regulatory authority’s determination that power supply interruptibility rights granted to Alcoa under
an interruptibility regime in place under the laws of the country in which the smelter is located do not comply with the regulatory authority’s state aid rules, thus rendering the smelter operations that had been relying on such country’s
interruptibility regime uneconomic. 

If events such as those listed above were to occur, the resulting high energy costs or
the disruption of an energy source or the requirement to repay all or a portion of the benefit Alcoa received under a power supply interruptibility regime could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s business and results of operations.

Alcoa’s profitability could be adversely affected by increases in the cost of raw materials or by significant lag effects of
decreases in commodity or LME-linked costs. 

Alcoa’s results of operations are affected by changes in the cost of raw materials,
including energy, carbon products, caustic soda and other key inputs, as well as freight costs associated with transportation of raw materials to refining and smelting locations. Alcoa may not be able to fully offset the effects of higher raw
material costs or energy costs through price increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs. Similarly, Alcoa’s operating results are affected by significant lag effects of declines in key costs of production that are commodity
or LME-linked. For example, declines in the LME-linked costs of alumina and power during a particular period may not be adequate to offset sharp declines in metal price in that period. Increases in the cost of raw materials or decreases in input
costs that are disproportionate to concurrent sharper decreases in the price of aluminum could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s operating results. 

Alcoa is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, as well as inflation, and other economic factors in the countries in which it operates. 

Economic factors, including inflation and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, competitive factors in the countries in
which Alcoa operates, and continued volatility or deterioration in the global economic and financial environment could affect Alcoa’s revenues, expenses and results of operations. Changes in the valuation of the U.S. dollar against other
currencies, particularly the Australian dollar, Brazilian real, Canadian dollar, Euro and Norwegian kroner, may affect Alcoa’s profitability as some important inputs are purchased in other currencies, while the Company’s upstream products
are generally sold in U.S. dollars. In addition, although a strong U.S. dollar helps Alcoa’s near-term profitability, over a longer term, a strong U.S. dollar may have an unfavorable impact to Alcoa’s position on the global aluminum cost
curve due to Alcoa’s U.S. smelting portfolio. As the U.S. dollar strengthens, the cost curve shifts down for smelters outside the U.S. but costs for Alcoa’s U.S. smelting portfolio may not decline. 

Alcoa may not be able to successfully realize goals established in each of its four business segments, at the levels or by the dates targeted for such
goals. 

Alcoa established targets for each of its four major business segments, including the following: 

•

 by 2016, driving the alumina business further down the industry cost curve into the 21st percentile; 

•

 by 2016, driving the aluminum business further down the industry cost curve into the 38th percentile; 

•

 by 2016, increasing the revenues of the Global Rolled Products segment, while improving margins that meet or exceed average historical levels, by $1.0
billion, with 90% expected to be generated from innovation and share gains; and 

•

 by 2016, increasing the revenues of the Engineered Products and Solutions segment, while improving margins that exceed historical levels, by $1.2
billion, with 75% expected to be generated from innovation and share gains. 

30 

For more information regarding Alcoa’s targets, see “Management Review of 2014 and Outlook for the
Future” in Part II, Item 7. (Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) of this report. There can be no assurance that any of these targets or other goals will be completed as
anticipated. Market conditions or other factors may prevent Alcoa from accomplishing its goals at the levels or by the dates targeted, if at all, and failure to do so may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results
of operations or the market price of its securities. 

Alcoa faces significant competition, which may have an adverse effect on
profitability. 

As discussed in Part I, Item 1. (Business—Competitive Conditions) of this report, the markets for Alcoa’s
aluminum and non-aluminum products are highly competitive. Alcoa’s competitors include a variety of both U.S. and non-U.S. companies in all major markets, including some that are subsidized. In addition, aluminum competes with other materials,
such as steel, plastics, composites, ceramics, and glass, among others, for various applications in Alcoa’s key markets. New product offerings or new technologies in the marketplace may compete with or replace Alcoa products. The willingness of
customers to accept substitutes for the products sold by Alcoa, the ability of large customers to exert leverage in the marketplace to affect the pricing for fabricated aluminum products, and technological advancements or other developments by or
affecting Alcoa’s competitors or customers could affect Alcoa’s results of operations. In addition, Alcoa’s competitive position depends, in part, on the Company’s ability to leverage its innovation expertise across its
businesses and key end markets and, in the case of its upstream businesses, having access to an economical power supply to sustain its operations in various countries. 

A downgrade of Alcoa’s credit ratings could limit Alcoa’s ability to obtain future financing, increase its borrowing costs, increase the pricing of its credit facilities, adversely affect the
market price of its securities, trigger letter of credit or other collateral postings, or otherwise impair its business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Standard and Poor’s Ratings Services currently rates Alcoa’s long-term debt BBB-, the lowest level of investment grade rating, with a negative ratings outlook (ratings and outlook were affirmed
on April 23, 2014). In May 2013, Moody’s Investors Service downgraded Alcoa’s long-term debt rating from Baa3 to Ba1, which is below investment grade, and changed the outlook from rating under review to stable. In April 2014, Fitch
Ratings downgraded Alcoa’s rating from BBB- to BB+, a below investment grade rating, and changed the outlook from negative to stable. There can be no assurance that one or more of these or other rating agencies will not take further negative
actions with respect to Alcoa’s ratings. Increased debt levels, adverse aluminum market or macroeconomic conditions, a deterioration in the Company’s debt protection metrics, a contraction in the Company’s liquidity, or other factors
could potentially trigger such actions. A rating agency may lower, suspend or withdraw entirely a rating or place it on negative outlook or watch if, in that rating agency’s judgment, circumstances so warrant. 

As a result of the Moody’s downgrade, certain counterparties have required Alcoa to post letters of credit or cash collateral, and the cost of
issuance of new public debt and commercial paper has increased. For more information regarding the effects of the Moody’s downgrade on the Company’s liquidity, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources – Financing Activities” in this report. The Company does not believe that Alcoa’s financing activities were significantly impacted by the Fitch downgrade. However, any
further downgrade of Alcoa’s credit ratings by one or more rating agencies could adversely impact the market price of Alcoa’s securities, adversely affect existing financing (for example, a downgrade by Standard and Poor’s or a
further downgrade by Moody’s would subject Alcoa to higher costs under Alcoa’s Five-Year Revolving Credit Agreement and certain of its other revolving credit facilities), limit access to the capital (including commercial paper) or credit
markets or otherwise adversely affect the availability of other new financing on favorable terms, if at all, result in more restrictive covenants in agreements governing the terms of any future indebtedness that the Company incurs, increase the cost
of borrowing or fees on undrawn credit facilities, result in vendors or counterparties seeking collateral or letters of credit from Alcoa, or otherwise impair Alcoa’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

31 

Cyber attacks and security breaches may threaten the integrity of Alcoa’s intellectual property and
other sensitive information, disrupt its business operations, and result in reputational harm and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operation. 

Alcoa faces global cybersecurity threats, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures, known as
advanced persistent threats, directed at the Company. Cyber attacks and security breaches may include, but are not limited to, attempts to access information, computer viruses, denial of service and other electronic security breaches. 

The Company believes that it faces a heightened threat of cyber attacks due to the industries it serves, the locations of its operations and its
technological innovations. The Company has experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past, including breaches of its information technology systems in which information was taken, and may experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency
or sophistication. Based on information known to date, past attacks have not had a material impact on Alcoa’s financial condition or results of operations. However, due to the evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, the scope and impact of
any future incident cannot be predicted. While the Company continually works to safeguard its systems and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cyber attacks or security breaches that
manipulate or improperly use its systems or networks, compromise confidential or otherwise protected information, destroy or corrupt data, or otherwise disrupt its operations. The occurrence of such events could negatively impact Alcoa’s
reputation and its competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business, potential liability and increased remediation costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its financial
condition and results of operations. In addition, such attacks or breaches could require significant management attention and resources, and result in the diminution of the value of the Company’s investment in research and development.

Joint ventures and other strategic alliances may not be successful. 

Alcoa participates in joint ventures and has formed strategic alliances and may enter into other similar arrangements in the future. For example, in December 2009, Alcoa formed a joint venture with
Ma’aden, the Saudi Arabian Mining Company, to develop a fully integrated aluminum complex (including a bauxite mine, alumina refinery, aluminum smelter and rolling mill) in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Although the Company has, in connection
with the Saudi Arabia joint venture and its other existing joint ventures and strategic alliances, sought to protect its interests, joint ventures and strategic alliances inherently involve special risks. Whether or not Alcoa holds majority
interests or maintains operational control in such arrangements, its partners may: 

•

 have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with or opposed to those of the Company; 

•

 exercise veto rights so as to block actions that Alcoa believes to be in its or the joint venture’s or strategic alliance’s best interests;

•

 take action contrary to Alcoa’s policies or objectives with respect to its investments; or 

•

 as a result of financial or other difficulties, be unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations under the joint venture, strategic alliance or
other agreements, such as contributing capital to expansion or maintenance projects. 

There can be no assurance that
Alcoa’s joint ventures or strategic alliances will be beneficial to Alcoa, whether due to the above-described risks, unfavorable global economic conditions, increases in construction costs, currency fluctuations, political risks, or other
factors. 

Alcoa’s business and growth prospects may be negatively impacted by limits in its capital expenditures. 

Alcoa requires substantial capital to invest in growth opportunities and to maintain and prolong the life and capacity of its existing facilities. For
2015, generating positive cash flow from operations that will exceed capital spending continues to be an Alcoa target. Insufficient cash generation or capital project overruns may negatively impact Alcoa’s

32 

ability to fund as planned its sustaining and return-seeking capital projects. Over the long term, Alcoa’s ability to take advantage of improved aluminum or other market conditions or growth
opportunities in its midstream and downstream businesses may be constrained by earlier capital expenditure restrictions, which could adversely affect the long-term value of its business and the Company’s position in relation to its competitors.

Alcoa may also need to address commercial and political issues in relation to its reductions in capital expenditures in certain of the
jurisdictions in which it operates. If Alcoa’s interest in its joint ventures is diluted or it loses key concessions, its growth could be constrained. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business,
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Alcoa’s global operations expose the Company to risks that could adversely
affect Alcoa’s business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. 

Alcoa has operations or activities in numerous
countries and regions outside the United States, including Brazil, China, Europe, Guinea, Russia, and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. The Company’s global operations are subject to a number of risks, including: 

•

 economic and commercial instability risks, including those caused by sovereign and private debt default, corruption, and changes in local government
laws, regulations and policies, such as those related to tariffs and trade barriers, taxation, exchange controls, employment regulations and repatriation of earnings; 

•

 geopolitical risks such as political instability, civil unrest, expropriation, nationalization of properties by a government, imposition of sanctions,
renegotiation or nullification of existing agreements, mining leases and permits; 

•

 war or terrorist activities; 

•

 major public health issues such as an outbreak of a pandemic or epidemic (such as Sudden Acute Respiratory Syndrome, Avian Influenza, H7N9 virus, or
the Ebola virus), which could cause disruptions in Alcoa’s operations or workforce; 

•

 difficulties enforcing intellectual property and contractual rights in certain jurisdictions; and 

•

 unexpected events, including fires or explosions at facilities, and natural disasters. 

While the impact of any of the foregoing factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect Alcoa’s business, financial
condition, operating results or cash flows. Existing insurance arrangements may not provide protection for the costs that may arise from such events. 

An adverse decline in the liability discount rate, lower-than-expected investment return on pension assets and other factors could affect Alcoa’s results of operations or amount of pension funding
contributions in future periods. 

Alcoa’s results of operations may be negatively affected by the amount of expense Alcoa records for
its pension and other postretirement benefit plans, reductions in the fair value of plan assets and other factors. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) require that Alcoa calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial
valuations. 

These valuations reflect assumptions about financial market and other economic conditions, which may change based on changes in
key economic indicators. The most significant year-end assumptions used by Alcoa to estimate pension or other postretirement benefit income or expense for the following year are the discount rate applied to plan liabilities and the expected
long-term rate of return on plan assets. In addition, Alcoa is required to make an annual measurement of plan assets and liabilities, which may result in a significant charge to shareholders’ equity. For a discussion regarding how Alcoa’s
financial statements can be affected by pension and other postretirement benefits accounting policies, see “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates—Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits” in Part II, Item 7.
(Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) and Note W to the 

33 

Consolidated Financial Statements—Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits in Part II, Item 8. (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data). Although GAAP expense and pension funding
contributions are impacted by different regulations and requirements, the key economic factors that affect GAAP expense would also likely affect the amount of cash or securities Alcoa would contribute to the pension plans. 

Potential pension contributions include both mandatory amounts required under federal law and discretionary contributions to improve the plans’
funded status. The Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (“MAP-21”), enacted in 2012, provided temporary relief for employers like Alcoa who sponsor defined benefit pension plans related
to funding contributions under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 by allowing the use of a 25-year average discount rate within an upper and lower range for purposes of determining minimum funding obligations. On August 8,
2014, the Highway and Transportation Funding Act (HATFA) was signed into law. HATFA extended the relief provided by MAP-21 and modified the interest rates that had been set by MAP-21. Alcoa believes that the relief provided by HATFA will moderately
reduce the cash flow sensitivity of the Company’s U.S. pension plans’ funded status to potential declines in discount rates over the next several years. However, higher than expected pension contributions due to a decline in the
plans’ funded status as a result of declines in the discount rate or lower-than-expected investment returns on plan assets could have a material negative effect on the Company’s cash flows. Adverse capital market conditions could result in
reductions in the fair value of plan assets and increase the Company’s liabilities related to such plans, adversely affecting Alcoa’s liquidity and results of operations. 

Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect Alcoa’s future profitability. 

Alcoa is subject to income taxes in both the United States and various non-U.S. jurisdictions. Its domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the distribution of income among these
different jurisdictions. Changes in applicable domestic or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, including the possibility of retroactive effect, could affect the Company’s tax expense and profitability.
Alcoa’s tax expense includes estimates of additional tax that may be incurred for tax exposures and reflects various estimates and assumptions. The assumptions include assessments of future earnings of the Company that could impact the
valuation of its deferred tax assets. The Company’s future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates,
changes in the overall profitability of the Company, changes in tax legislation and rates, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the results of tax audits and
examinations of previously filed tax returns or related litigation and continuing assessments of its tax exposures. Corporate tax reform and tax law changes continue to be analyzed in the United States and in many other jurisdictions. Significant
changes to the U.S. corporate tax system in particular could have a substantial impact, positive or negative, on Alcoa’s effective tax rate, cash tax expenditures, and deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

Union disputes and other employee relations issues could adversely affect Alcoa’s financial results. 

A significant portion of Alcoa’s employees are represented by labor unions in a number of countries under various collective bargaining agreements
with varying durations and expiration dates. For more information, see “Employees” in Part I, Item 1. (Business) of this report. While Alcoa was previously successful in renegotiating the master collective bargaining agreement with
the United Steelworkers (the most recent renegotiation having taken place in June 2014), Alcoa may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate that agreement or other collective bargaining agreements in the U.S. and other countries when they expire.
In addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at Alcoa’s facilities in the future. Alcoa may also be subject to general country strikes or work stoppages unrelated to its business or collective
bargaining agreements. Any such work stoppages (or potential work stoppages) could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s financial results. 

34 

Alcoa could be adversely affected by changes in the business or financial condition of a significant
customer or customers. 

A significant downturn or deterioration in the business or financial condition of a key customer or customers
supplied by Alcoa could affect Alcoa’s results of operations in a particular period. Alcoa’s customers may experience delays in the launch of new products, labor strikes, diminished liquidity or credit unavailability, weak demand for their
products, or other difficulties in their businesses. If Alcoa is not successful in replacing business lost from such customers, profitability may be adversely affected. 

Alcoa may not be able to successfully develop and implement technology initiatives. 

Alcoa
is working on new developments for a number of strategic projects in all business segments, including advanced smelting process technologies such as inert anode and carbothermic technology, alloy development, engineered finishes and product design,
high speed continuous casting and rolling technology, and other advanced manufacturing technologies. For more information on Alcoa’s research and development programs, see “Research and Development” in Part I, Item 1. (Business)
of this report. There can be no assurance that such developments or technologies will be commercially feasible or beneficial to Alcoa. 

Alcoa’s human resource talent pool may not be adequate to support the Company’s growth. 

Alcoa’s existing operations and development projects require highly skilled executives and staff with relevant industry and technical experience.
The inability of the Company or the industry to attract and retain such people may adversely impact Alcoa’s ability to adequately meet project demands and fill roles in existing operations. Skills shortages in engineering, technical service,
construction and maintenance contractors and other labor market inadequacies may also impact activities. These shortages may adversely impact the cost and schedule of development projects and the cost and efficiency of existing operations.

Alcoa may not realize expected benefits from its productivity and cost-reduction initiatives. 

Alcoa has undertaken, and may continue to undertake, productivity and cost-reduction initiatives to improve performance and conserve cash, including new
procurement strategies for raw materials, such as backward integration and non-traditional sourcing from numerous geographies, deployment of company-wide business process models, such as Alcoa’s degrees of implementation process in which ideas
are executed in a disciplined manner to generate savings, and overhead cost reductions. There is no assurance that these initiatives will be successful or beneficial to Alcoa or that estimated cost savings from such activities will be realized.

Alcoa may be exposed to significant legal proceedings, investigations or changes in U.S. federal, state or foreign law, regulation or
policy. 

Alcoa’s results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by new or increasingly stringent laws,
regulatory requirements or interpretations, or outcomes of significant legal proceedings or investigations adverse to Alcoa. The Company may experience a change in effective tax rates or become subject to unexpected or rising costs associated with
business operations or provision of health or welfare benefits to employees due to changes in laws, regulations or policies. The Company is also subject to a variety of legal compliance risks. These risks include, among other things, potential
claims relating to product liability, health and safety, environmental matters, intellectual property rights, government contracts, taxes, and compliance with U.S. and foreign export laws, anti-bribery laws, competition laws and sales and trading
practices. Alcoa could be subject to fines, penalties, damages (in certain cases, treble damages), or suspension or debarment from government contracts. 

While Alcoa believes it has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to address and reduce these risks, the global and diverse nature of its operations means that these risks will
continue to exist, and additional legal proceedings and contingencies may arise from time to time. In addition, various factors or developments can lead 

35 

the Company to change current estimates of liabilities or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible of reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a
significant settlement, significant regulatory developments or changes in applicable law. A future adverse ruling or settlement or unfavorable changes in laws, regulations or policies, or other contingencies that the Company cannot predict with
certainty could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations or cash flows in a particular period. For additional information regarding the legal proceedings involving the Company, see the discussion in Part I,
Item 3. (Legal Proceedings) of this report and in Note N to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data). 

Alcoa is subject to a broad range of health, safety and environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and may be exposed to substantial costs and liabilities associated
with such laws and regulations. 

Alcoa’s operations worldwide are subject to numerous complex and increasingly stringent health,
safety and environmental laws and regulations. The costs of complying with such laws and regulations, including participation in assessments and cleanups of sites, as well as internal voluntary programs, are significant and will continue to be so
for the foreseeable future. Environmental laws may impose cleanup liability on owners and occupiers of contaminated property, including past or divested properties, regardless of whether the owners and occupiers caused the contamination or whether
the activity that caused the contamination was lawful at the time it was conducted. Environmental matters for which Alcoa may be liable may arise in the future at its present sites, where no problem is currently known, at previously owned sites,
sites previously operated by the Company, sites owned by its predecessors or sites that it may acquire in the future. Compliance with environmental, health and safety legislation and regulatory requirements may prove to be more limiting and costly
than the Company anticipates. Alcoa’s results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by certain health, safety or environmental matters, including remediation costs and damages related to certain sites.
Additionally, evolving regulatory standards and expectations can result in increased litigation and/or increased costs, all of which can have a material and adverse effect on earnings and cash flows. 

Climate change, climate change legislation or regulations and greenhouse effects may adversely impact Alcoa’s operations and markets.

Energy is a significant input in a number of Alcoa’s operations. There is growing recognition that consumption of energy derived
from fossil fuels is a contributor to global warming. 

A number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating
legislative and regulatory change in response to the potential impacts of climate change. There is also current and emerging regulation, such as the mandatory renewable energy target in Australia, Québec’s transition to a “cap and
trade” system with compliance required beginning 2013, the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme and the United States’ clean power plan for existing power plants, proposed on June 18, 2014. Alcoa will likely see changes in the
margins of greenhouse gas-intensive assets and energy-intensive assets as a result of regulatory impacts in the countries in which the Company operates. These regulatory mechanisms may be either voluntary or legislated and may impact Alcoa’s
operations directly or indirectly through customers or Alcoa’s supply chain. Inconsistency of regulations may also change the attractiveness of the locations of some of the Company’s assets. Assessments of the potential impact of future
climate change legislation, regulation and international treaties and accords are uncertain, given the wide scope of potential regulatory change in countries in which Alcoa operates. The Company may realize increased capital expenditures resulting
from required compliance with revised or new legislation or regulations, costs to purchase or profits from sales of, allowances or credits under a “cap and trade” system, increased insurance premiums and deductibles as new actuarial tables
are developed to reshape coverage, a change in competitive position relative to industry peers and changes to profit or loss arising from increased or decreased demand for goods produced by the Company and indirectly, from changes in costs of goods
sold. 

The potential physical impacts of climate change on the Company’s operations are highly uncertain, and will be particular to the
geographic circumstances. These may include changes in rainfall patterns, shortages of water or other 

36 

natural resources, changing sea levels, changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperature levels. These effects may adversely impact the cost, production and financial performance
of Alcoa’s operations.