. 

Alcoa’s business, financial condition or results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following are some of the important factors that could cause
Alcoa’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements: 

Risks Relating to Global
Economic Downturn and Disruptions in Financial Markets 

The duration or severity of the current global economic downturn and disruptions in the
financial markets, and their impact on Alcoa, are uncertain. 

The aluminum industry generally is highly cyclical, with prices subject to worldwide
market forces of supply and demand and other influences. Alcoa is subject to cyclical fluctuations in LME prices, economic conditions generally, and aluminum end-use markets. The recent global economic downturn, coupled with the global financial and
credit market disruptions, have had a historic negative impact on the aluminum industry and Alcoa. These events have contributed to an unprecedented decline (56% in the last five months of 2008) in LME-based aluminum prices, weak end markets, a
sharp drop in demand, increased global inventories, and higher costs of borrowing and/or diminished credit availability. While Alcoa believes that the long-term prospects for aluminum remain bright, the company is unable to predict the duration or
severity of the current global economic and financial crisis. The company has implemented or is taking a number of actions to conserve cash, reduce costs and strengthen its competitiveness, including curtailing production, halting non-critical
capital expenditures, accelerating new sourcing strategies for raw 

20 

Table of Contents

materials, divesting non-core assets, initiating global headcount reductions, suspending its existing share repurchase program, and making other liquidity
enhancements. However, there can be no assurance that these actions, or any others that the company may take in response to further deterioration in economic and financial conditions, will be sufficient. A protracted continuation or worsening of the
global economic downturn or disruptions in the financial markets could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Alcoa could be materially adversely affected by further declines in aluminum prices. 

The price of aluminum is
frequently volatile and changes in response to general economic conditions, expectations for supply and demand growth or contraction, and the level of global inventories. The influence of hedge funds and other financial investment funds
participating in commodity markets has also increased in recent years, contributing to higher levels of price volatility. During recent months, there has been a significant decline (56% over the second half of 2008), as well as substantial
volatility in aluminum prices, due at least in part to the deteriorating global economic environment. At the same time, there is often a lag effect for a reduction in LME-linked costs of production. For example, reduction of certain key smelting
input costs (such as alumina and power) may lag declining average primary metal revenue by up to three months. A sustained weak aluminum pricing environment or a further deterioration in aluminum prices could have a material adverse effect upon
Alcoa’s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. 

Recent downgrades in Alcoa’s credit ratings, as well as any
additional downgrades, will increase Alcoa’s cost of borrowing and could further adversely affect Alcoa’s access to the capital markets. 

Alcoa’s cost of borrowing and ability to access the capital markets are affected not only by market conditions but also by the short- and long-term debt ratings assigned to Alcoa’s debt by the major credit rating agencies. These
ratings are based, in significant part, on the company’s performance as measured by credit metrics such as interest coverage and leverage ratios. In February 2009, Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services (S&P) and Fitch Ratings (Fitch)
each lowered Alcoa’s long-term debt rating to BBB-; S&P and Fitch lowered the company’s short-term debt ratings to A-3 and F3, respectively; and both indicated that the current outlook is negative. Also in February 2009, Moody’s
Investors Service lowered Alcoa’s long-term debt rating to Baa3 and the company’s short-term debt rating to Prime-3, and indicated that the current outlook is stable. Although the company has available to it committed revolving credit
facilities to provide liquidity, these recent downgrades in Alcoa’s credit ratings, as well as any additional downgrades, will increase Alcoa’s cost of borrowing and could have a further adverse effect on its access to the capital markets,
including restricting, in whole or in part, its access to the commercial paper market. There can be no assurance that the commercial paper market will continue to be a reliable source of short-term financing for the company. An inability to access
the capital markets could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. 

Alcoa could be
adversely affected by the failure of financial institutions to fulfill their commitments under committed credit facilities. 

As discussed in Part II,
Item 7 (Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources) of this report, Alcoa has committed revolving credit facilities with financial institutions
available for its use, for which the company pays commitment fees. Each facility is provided by a syndicate of several financial institutions, with each institution agreeing severally (and not jointly) to make revolving credit loans to Alcoa in
accordance with the terms of the related credit agreement. If one or more of the financial institutions providing these committed credit facilities were to default on its obligation to fund its commitment, the portion of the committed facility
provided by such defaulting financial institution would not be available to the company. 

21 

Table of Contents

Other Business Risks 

Alcoa’s operations consume substantial amounts of energy; profitability may decline if energy costs rise or if energy supplies are interrupted. 

Alcoa consumes substantial amounts of energy in its operations. Although Alcoa generally expects to meet the energy requirements for its alumina refineries and primary
aluminum smelters from internal sources or from long-term contracts, the following could affect Alcoa’s results of operations: 

•

 significant increases in electricity costs rendering smelter operations uneconomic; 

•

 significant increases in natural gas prices; 

•

 unavailability of electrical power or other energy sources due to droughts, hurricanes or other natural causes; 

•

 unavailability of energy due to energy shortages resulting in insufficient supplies to serve consumers; 

•

 interruptions in energy supply due to equipment failure or other causes; or 

•

 curtailment of one or more refineries or smelters due to inability to extend energy contracts upon expiration or negotiate new arrangements on cost-effective terms.

Alcoa’s profitability could be adversely affected by increases in the cost of raw materials or by significant lag effects for
decreases in commodity- or LME-linked costs. 

Alcoa’s results of operations will be affected by increases in the cost of raw materials, including
energy, carbon products, caustic soda and other key inputs, as well as freight costs associated with transporting raw materials to refining and smelting locations. Alcoa may not be able to offset fully the effects of higher raw material costs or
energy costs through price increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs. Similarly, Alcoa’s operating results will be affected by significant lag effects for declines in key costs of production that are commodity- or
LME-linked. For example, declines in LME-linked costs of alumina and power in a particular period may not be adequate to offset sharp declines in metal price in that period. 

Alcoa may not be able to successfully implement its Brazilian growth projects or realize expected benefits from its portfolio streamlining strategy. 

As a result of the current global economic downturn and as part of the company’s initiative to conserve cash, Alcoa has halted all non-critical capital investment,
except for the completion of the São Luís refinery expansion and the greenfield Juruti bauxite mine in Brazil, which are targeted for completion in the first half of 2009. There can be no assurance that these projects will be
completed within budget or by the targeted completion date, or that they will be beneficial to Alcoa, whether due to a further deteriorating global economic environment, lack of financing, increases in construction costs, currency fluctuations, or
other factors. 

In addition, as part of its strategy to strengthen its competitiveness, Alcoa has announced restructuring actions to streamline its
portfolio and an agreement to exchange assets to increase Alcoa’s smelter capacity while divesting itself of a business that operates in a difficult market. There can be no assurance that these actions will be beneficial to Alcoa, that targeted
completion dates will be met, or that estimated proceeds from asset sales will be realized. 

Alcoa’s global operations are exposed to political and
economic risks and events beyond its control in the countries in which it operates. 

Alcoa has operations or activities in numerous countries outside
the U.S. having varying degrees of political and economic risk, including China, Guinea and Russia, among others. Risks include those associated with political instability, civil unrest, expropriation, nationalization, renegotiation or nullification
of existing agreements, mining leases and permits, and changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, including those related to tariffs 

22 

Table of Contents

and trade barriers, taxation, exchange controls, employment regulations and repatriation of earnings. While the impact of these factors is difficult to
predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect Alcoa’s business, financial condition or operating results. 

Alcoa is exposed to
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, as well as inflation and other economic factors in the countries in which it operates. 

Economic factors, including inflation and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, competitive factors in the countries in which Alcoa operates, and continued volatility or deterioration in the global economic and
financial environment, could affect Alcoa’s revenues, expenses and results of operations. Changes in the valuation of the U.S. dollar against other currencies, particularly the Brazilian real, Canadian dollar, Euro and Australian dollar, may
affect profitability as some important raw materials are purchased in other currencies, while products generally are sold in U.S. dollars. 

A reduction
in Chinese demand may negatively impact Alcoa’s results. 

The Chinese market is a significant source of global demand for commodities. A sustained
slowdown in China’s economic growth, whether as part of the current global economic downturn or otherwise, could have an adverse effect on the global supply and demand for aluminum and aluminum prices. In addition, China’s investments to
increase its self-sufficiency in key commodities may impact future demand and supply balances and prices. 

Alcoa faces significant competition. 

As discussed in Part I, Item 1 (Business – Competitive Conditions) of this report, the markets for most aluminum products are highly
competitive. Alcoa’s competitors include a variety of both U.S. and non-U.S. companies in all major markets. In addition, aluminum competes with other materials, such as steel, plastics, composites, and glass, among others, for various
applications in Alcoa’s key markets. The willingness of customers to accept substitutions for the products sold by Alcoa, the ability of large customers to exert leverage in the marketplace to affect the pricing for fabricated aluminum
products, or other developments by or affecting Alcoa’s competitors or customers could affect Alcoa’s results of operations. 

Further metals
industry consolidation could impact Alcoa’s business. 

The metals industry has experienced consolidation over the past several years, and there
may be further industry consolidation in the future. Although current industry consolidation has not negatively impacted Alcoa’s business, further consolidation in the aluminum industry could possibly have negative impacts that we cannot
reliably predict. 

Alcoa could be adversely affected by changes in the business or financial condition of a significant customer or customers.

A significant downturn or further deterioration in the business or financial condition of a key customer or customers supplied by Alcoa, as a result
of the current global economic and financial crisis or otherwise, could affect Alcoa’s results of operations in a particular period. Alcoa’s customers may experience delays in the launch of new products, labor strikes, diminished liquidity
or credit unavailability, weak demand for their products, or other difficulties in their businesses. If Alcoa is not successful in replacing business lost from such customers, profitability may be adversely affected. 

Alcoa may be exposed to significant legal proceedings, investigations or changes in law. 

Alcoa’s results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by new or increasingly stringent laws, regulatory requirements or interpretations, or significant legal proceedings or
investigations adverse to Alcoa. The company is subject to a variety of legal compliance risks. These risks include, among other things, potential claims 

23 

Table of Contents

relating to product liability, health and safety, environmental matters, intellectual property rights, government contracts, taxes, and compliance with U.S.
and foreign export laws, competition laws and sales and trading practices. Alcoa could be subject to fines, penalties, damages (in certain cases, treble damages), or suspension or debarment from government contracts. While Alcoa believes it has
adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to address and reduce these risks, the global and diverse nature of its operations means that these risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and contingencies may arise
from time to time. Alcoa’s results of operations or liquidity in a particular period may be affected by the outcome of legal proceedings, changes in law or other contingencies that it cannot predict with certainty. 

Alcoa is subject to a broad range of health, safety and environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and may be exposed to substantial
costs and liabilities associated with such laws. 

Alcoa’s operations worldwide are subject to numerous complex and increasingly stringent health,
safety and environmental laws and regulations. The costs of complying with such laws and regulations, including participation in assessments and cleanups of sites, as well as internal voluntary programs, are significant and will continue to be so
for the foreseeable future. Alcoa’s results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by certain health, safety or environmental matters, including remediation costs and damages related to several sites. Additionally,
evolving regulatory standards and expectations can result in increased litigation and/or increased costs, all of which can have a material and adverse effect on earnings and cash flows. 

Climate change, climate change regulations and greenhouse effects may adversely impact Alcoa’s operations and markets. 

Energy is a significant input in a number of Alcoa’s operations. There is growing recognition that energy consumption is a contributor to global warming, greenhouse effects and potentially climate change. 

A number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory change in response to the potential impacts of climate change. There is
also current and emerging regulation, such as the mandatory renewable energy target in Australia, or potential carbon trading regimes that will affect energy prices. Alcoa will likely see changes in the margins of greenhouse gas-intensive assets and
energy-intensive assets as a result of regulatory impacts in the countries in which the company operates. These regulatory mechanisms may be either voluntary or legislated and may impact Alcoa’s operations directly or indirectly through
customers. Inconsistency of regulations may also change the attractiveness of the locations of some of the company’s assets. Assessments of the potential impact of future climate change regulation are uncertain, given the wide scope of
potential regulatory change in countries in which Alcoa operates. 

The potential physical impacts of climate change on the company’s operations are
highly uncertain, and will be particular to the geographic circumstances. These may include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing sea levels, changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperature levels. These effects
may adversely impact the cost, production and financial performance of Alcoa’s operations. 

Alcoa could be required to make additional
contributions to its defined benefit pension plans as a result of adverse changes in interest rates and the capital markets. 

Alcoa’s estimates of
liabilities and expenses for pensions and other post-retirement benefits incorporate significant assumptions including the rate used to discount the future estimated liability, the long-term rate of return on plan assets and several assumptions
relating to the employee workforce (salary increases, medical costs, retirement age and mortality). Alcoa’s results of operations, liquidity or shareholders’ equity in a particular period could be affected by a decline in the rate of
return on plan assets, the rate used to discount the future estimated liability or changes in employee workforce assumptions. 

24 

Table of Contents

Union disputes and other employee relations issues could adversely affect Alcoa’s financial results.

Some of Alcoa’s employees are represented by labor unions in a number of countries under various collective bargaining agreements with varying
durations and expiration dates. Alcoa may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate collective bargaining agreements in the United States and other countries when they expire. In addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a
strike or work stoppage at Alcoa’s facilities in the future. Alcoa may also be subject to general country strikes or work stoppages unrelated to its business or collective bargaining agreements. Any such work stoppages (or potential work
stoppages) could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s financial results. 

Alcoa may not realize expected benefits from its productivity and
cost-reduction initiatives. 

Alcoa has undertaken and may continue to undertake productivity and cost-reduction initiatives to improve performance and
conserve cash, including new procurement strategies for raw materials, such as backward integration and non-traditional sourcing from numerous geographies, and deployment of company-wide business process models, such as the Alcoa Business System and
the Alcoa Enterprise Business Solution (an initiative designed to build a common global infrastructure across Alcoa for data, processes and supporting software). There can be no assurance that these initiatives will be completed or beneficial to
Alcoa or that any estimated cost savings from such activities will be realized. 

Alcoa may not be able to successfully develop and implement new
technology initiatives. 

Alcoa is working on new developments in advanced smelting process technologies, including inert anode and carbothermic
technology, in addition to multi-alloy casting processes. There can be no assurance that such technologies will be commercially feasible or beneficial to Alcoa. 

Unexpected events may increase Alcoa’s cost of doing business or disrupt Alcoa’s operations. 

Unexpected events, including fires
or explosions at facilities, natural disasters, war or terrorist activities, unplanned outages, supply disruptions, or failure of equipment or processes to meet specifications, may increase the cost of doing business or otherwise impact Alcoa’s
financial performance. Further, existing insurance arrangements may not provide protection for all of the costs that may arise from such events. 

The above
list of important factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance.