. 

Alcoa’s business, financial condition or results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. In addition to the factors discussed
separately in this report, the following are the most significant factors that could cause Alcoa’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements: 

The aluminum industry generally remains highly cyclical and is influenced by a number of factors including global economic conditions. 

The aluminum industry generally is highly cyclical. Alcoa is subject to cyclical fluctuations in global economic conditions and aluminum end-use markets.
Demand for our products is sensitive to these fluctuations. For example, 2011 was a turbulent year in the world economy, characterized by an uneven recovery in many regions and prolonged volatility and crisis in others, namely Europe. Demand for
aluminum started strong at the beginning of the year but weakened in the second half. While Alcoa believes that the long-term prospects for aluminum remain bright, the company is unable to predict the future course of industry variables or the
strength, pace or sustainability of the economic recovery and the effects of government intervention. Another major economic downturn, a prolonged recovery period, or disruptions in the financial markets could have a material, adverse effect on
Alcoa’s business or financial condition or results of operations. 

23 

Table of Contents

Market-driven balancing of global aluminum supply and demand may be disrupted by non-market forces or
other impediments to production closures. 

Alcoa and certain other aluminum producers have recently announced independent plans to cut
aluminum production capacity. For Alcoa these decisions were a function of market-driven factors. However, the existence of non-market forces on global aluminum industry capacity, such as political pressures in certain countries to keep jobs or to
maintain or further develop industry self-sufficiency, may prevent or delay the closure or curtailment of certain producers’ smelters, irrespective of their position on the industry cost curve. Other production cuts may be impeded by long-term
contracts to buy power or raw materials. Persistent industry overcapacity may result in a weak pricing environment and margin compression for aluminum producers, including Alcoa. 

A reduction in demand (or a lack of increased demand) for aluminum by China, Europe or a combined number of other countries may negatively impact Alcoa’s results. 

The aluminum industry’s demand is highly correlated to economic growth. The Chinese market is a significant source of global demand for commodities,
including aluminum. A sustained slowdown in China’s economic and aluminum demand growth that is not offset by increased aluminum demand growth in other emerging economies such as India, Brazil, and several South East Asian countries, or the
combined slowdown in other markets, could have an adverse effect on the global supply and demand for aluminum and aluminum prices. The European sovereign debt crisis could have an adverse effect on European supply and demand for aluminum and
aluminum products. 

Alcoa could be materially adversely affected by declines in aluminum prices. 

The price of aluminum is frequently volatile and changes in response to general economic conditions, expectations for supply and demand growth or
contraction, and the level of global inventories. The influence of hedge funds and other financial institutions participating in commodity markets has also increased in recent years, contributing to higher levels of price volatility. In 2011, the
LME price reached a high in excess of $2,700 per metric ton and by the end of the year declined to below $2,000 per metric ton. This decline had a negative impact on Alcoa’s results in the second half of the year. Continued high LME inventories
could lead to a reduction in the price of aluminum. A sustained weak aluminum pricing environment or a deterioration in aluminum prices could have a material, adverse effect on Alcoa’s business, financial condition, results of operations or
cash flow. 

Alcoa’s operations consume substantial amounts of energy; profitability may decline if energy costs rise or if energy
supplies are interrupted. 

Alcoa’s operations consume substantial amounts of energy. Although Alcoa generally expects to meet the
energy requirements for its alumina refineries and primary aluminum smelters from internal sources or from long-term contracts, the following factors could affect Alcoa’s results of operations: 

•

 significant increases in electricity costs rendering smelter operations uneconomic; 

•

 significant increases in fuel oil or natural gas prices; 

•

 unavailability of electrical power or other energy sources due to droughts, hurricanes or other natural causes; 

•

 unavailability of energy due to energy shortages resulting in insufficient supplies to serve consumers; 

•

 interruptions in energy supply or unplanned outages due to equipment failure or other causes; or 

•

 curtailment of one or more refineries or smelters due to inability to extend energy contracts upon expiration or negotiate new arrangements on
cost-effective terms or unavailability of energy at competitive rates. 

Alcoa’s profitability could be adversely
affected by increases in the cost of raw materials or by significant lag effects for decreases in commodity or LME-linked costs. 

Alcoa’s results of operations are affected by changes in the cost of raw materials, including energy, carbon products, caustic soda and other key
inputs, as well as freight costs associated with transportation of raw materials to refining and 

24 

Table of Contents

smelting locations. Higher than expected input costs could lead to underperformance. Alcoa may not be able to offset fully the effects of higher raw material costs or energy costs through price
increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs. Similarly, Alcoa’s operating results are affected by significant lag effects for declines in key costs of production that are commodity or LME-linked. For example, declines in
LME-linked costs of alumina and power during a particular period may not be adequate to offset sharp declines in metal price in that period. 

Alcoa is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, as well as inflation, and other economic factors in the
countries in which it operates. 

Economic factors, including inflation and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest
rates, competitive factors in the countries in which Alcoa operates, and continued volatility or deterioration in the global economic and financial environment could affect Alcoa’s revenues, expenses and results of operations. Changes in the
valuation of the U.S. dollar against other currencies, particularly the Australian dollar, Brazilian real, Canadian dollar, Euro and Norwegian kroner, may affect profitability as some important raw materials are purchased in other currencies,
whereas products are generally sold in U.S. dollars. 

Alcoa may not be able to realize expected benefits from its growth projects or
streamlining portfolio strategy. 

Alcoa’s growth projects include the Ma’aden joint venture, the now-completed
São Luís refinery expansion, the greenfield Juruti bauxite mine, the ongoing Estreito hydroelectric power project in Brazil and the China and Russia growth projects. Management believes that these projects will be beneficial
to Alcoa; however, there is no assurance that these benefits will be realized, whether due to unfavorable global economic conditions, currency fluctuations, or other factors, or that the remaining construction, start-up activities and testing on the
Estreito project will be completed as planned by the targeted completion date. 

Alcoa has made and may continue to plan and execute
acquisitions and divestitures and take other actions to streamline and grow its portfolio. There can be no assurance that such actions will be undertaken or completed in their entirety as planned or beneficial to Alcoa or that targeted completion
dates will be met. In addition, acquisitions present significant challenges and risks relating to the integration of the business into the company, and there can be no assurances that the company will manage acquisitions successfully. Alcoa may face
barriers to exit from unprofitable businesses or operations, including high exit costs or objections from various stakeholders. 

Alcoa may
not be able to successfully realize goals established in each of its four business segments or by the dates targeted for such goals. 

Alcoa has announced targets for each of its four major business segments, including the following: 

•

 by 2015, driving the alumina business down into the first quartile of the industry cost curve and realizing profit levels (per mt) that are beyond its
recent historic norms; 

•

 by 2015, driving the smelting business down into the second quartile of the industry cost curve and increasing profitability (per mt) beyond the
company’s past ten-year average; 

•

 by 2013, increasing the revenues of the Flat-Rolled Products segment by $2.5 billion by growing 50% faster than the market and achieving performance
levels above its historic norms; and 

•

 by 2013, increasing the revenues of the Engineered Products and Solutions segment by $1.6 billion, through market growth, new product introductions,
and share gains. 

There can be no assurance that all of these initiatives will be completed as anticipated or that Alcoa
will be able to successfully realize these goals at the targeted levels or by the projected dates. 

Joint ventures and other strategic
alliances may not be successful. 

Alcoa participates in joint ventures and has formed strategic alliances and may enter into other similar
arrangements in the future. For example, in December 2009, Alcoa announced that it formed a joint venture with Ma’aden, the Saudi Arabian Mining Company, to develop a fully integrated aluminum complex (including a bauxite mine, alumina

25 

Table of Contents

refinery, aluminum smelter and rolling mill) in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. In 2011, Alcoa entered into a Memorandum of Understanding followed by a Letter of Intent with China Power Investment
Corporation (CPI) which provides a framework for the creation of a joint venture entity with plans to target growth in the Chinese automotive, aerospace, packaging, and consumer electronic markets. Although the company has, in relation to the
Ma’aden joint venture and its other existing joint ventures and strategic alliances, sought to protect its interests, joint ventures and strategic alliances necessarily involve special risks. Whether or not Alcoa holds majority interests or
maintains operational control in such arrangements, its partners may: 

•

 have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with or opposed to those of the company; 

•

 exercise veto rights so as to block actions that Alcoa believes to be in its or the joint venture’s or strategic alliance’s best interests;

•

 take action contrary to Alcoa’s policies or objectives with respect to its investments; or 

•

 as a result of financial or other difficulties, be unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations under the joint venture, strategic alliance or
other agreements, such as contributing capital to expansion or maintenance projects. 

In addition, the joint venture with
Ma’aden is subject to risks associated with large infrastructure construction projects, including the consequences of non-compliance with the timeline and other requirements under the gas supply arrangements for the joint venture. Also, while
financing is in place for the project, there can be no guaranteed assurance that the project as a whole will be completed within budget or that the project phases will be completed by their targeted completion dates, or that it or Alcoa’s other
joint ventures or strategic alliances will be beneficial to Alcoa, whether due to the above-described risks, unfavorable global economic conditions, increases in construction costs, currency fluctuations, political risks, or other factors.

Alcoa faces significant competition. 

As discussed in Part I, Item 1. (Business – Competitive Conditions) of this report, the markets for most aluminum products are highly competitive. Alcoa’s competitors include a variety of
both U.S. and non-U.S. companies in all major markets, including some that are subsidized. In addition, aluminum competes with other materials, such as steel, plastics, composites, and glass, among others, for various applications in Alcoa’s
key markets. The willingness of customers to accept substitutions for the products sold by Alcoa, the ability of large customers to exert leverage in the marketplace to affect the pricing for fabricated aluminum products, or other developments by or
affecting Alcoa’s competitors or customers could affect Alcoa’s results of operations. In addition, Alcoa’s competitive position depends, in part, on the company’s access to an economical power supply to sustain its operations in
various countries. 

Further metals industry consolidation could impact Alcoa’s business. 

The metals industry has experienced consolidation over the past several years, and there may be further industry consolidation in the future. Although
current industry consolidation has not negatively impacted Alcoa’s business, further consolidation in the aluminum industry could possibly have negative impacts that we cannot reliably predict. 

Failure to maintain investment grade credit ratings could limit Alcoa’s ability to obtain future financing, increase its borrowing costs,
adversely affect the market price of its existing securities, or otherwise impair its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Currently, Alcoa’s long-term debt is rated BBB- with stable outlook by Standard and Poor’s Ratings Services; Baa3 with stable outlook by Moody’s Investors Services; and BBB- with stable
outlook by Fitch Ratings. There can be no assurance that any rating assigned will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency, if, in that rating
agency’s judgment, circumstances so warrant. Maintaining an investment-grade credit rating is an important element of Alcoa’s financial strategy. A downgrade of Alcoa’s credit ratings could adversely affect the market price of its
securities, adversely affect existing financing, limit access to the capital or credit markets or otherwise adversely affect the availability of other new financing on favorable terms, if at all, result in more restrictive covenants in agreements
governing the terms of any future indebtedness that the company incurs, increase the cost of borrowing, or impair its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

26 

Table of Contents

In addition, under the project financings for the joint venture project in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, a downgrade of Alcoa’s credit ratings below investment grade by at least two rating
agencies would require Alcoa to provide a letter of credit or fund an escrow account for a portion or all of Alcoa’s remaining equity commitment to the joint venture. For additional information regarding the project financings, see Note I to
the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data) of this report. 

Alcoa could be
adversely affected by the failure of financial institutions to fulfill their commitments under committed credit facilities. 

As discussed
in Part II, Item 7. (Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources) of this report, Alcoa has a committed revolving credit facility with financial
institutions available for its use, for which the company pays commitment fees. The facility is provided by a syndicate of several financial institutions, with each institution agreeing severally (and not jointly) to make revolving credit loans
to Alcoa in accordance with the terms of the credit agreement. If one or more of the financial institutions providing the committed credit facility were to default on its obligation to fund its commitment, the portion of the committed facility
provided by such defaulting financial institution would not be available to the company. 

Alcoa may not be able to realize expected
benefits from the change to index pricing of alumina. 

Alcoa has implemented a move to a pricing mechanism for alumina based on an index
of alumina prices rather than a percentage of the LME-based aluminum price. Alcoa believes that this change, expected to affect approximately 20% of annual contracts coming up for renewal each year, will more fairly reflect the fundamentals of
alumina including raw materials and other input costs involved. There can be no assurance that such index pricing ultimately will be accepted or that such index pricing will result in consistently greater profitability from sales of alumina.

Alcoa’s global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability and events beyond its control in the
countries in which it operates. 

Alcoa has operations or activities in numerous countries and regions outside the U.S. having varying
degrees of political and economic risk, including China, Europe, Guinea, Russia, and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, among others. Risks include those associated with sovereign and private debt default, political instability, civil unrest,
expropriation, nationalization, renegotiation or nullification of existing agreements, mining leases and permits, commercial instability caused by corruption, and changes in local government laws, regulations and policies, including those related to
tariffs and trade barriers, taxation, exchange controls, employment regulations and repatriation of earnings. While the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect Alcoa’s business, financial
condition or operating results. 

Alcoa could be adversely affected by changes in the business or financial condition of a significant
customer or customers. 

A significant downturn or further deterioration in the business or financial condition of a key customer or
customers supplied by Alcoa could affect Alcoa’s results of operations in a particular period. Alcoa’s customers may experience delays in the launch of new products, labor strikes, diminished liquidity or credit unavailability, weak demand
for their products, or other difficulties in their businesses. If Alcoa is not successful in replacing business lost from such customers, profitability may be adversely affected. 

Alcoa may be exposed to significant legal proceedings, investigations or changes in U.S. federal, state or foreign law, regulation or policy. 

Alcoa’s results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by new or increasingly stringent laws, regulatory requirements
or interpretations, or outcomes of significant legal proceedings or investigations adverse to Alcoa. The company may experience a change in effective tax rates or become subject to unexpected or rising costs

27 

Table of Contents

associated with business operations or provision of health or welfare benefits to employees due to changes in laws, regulations or policies. The company is also subject to a variety of legal
compliance risks. These risks include, among other things, potential claims relating to product liability, health and safety, environmental matters, intellectual property rights, government contracts, taxes, and compliance with U.S. and foreign
export laws, anti-bribery laws, competition laws and sales and trading practices. Alcoa could be subject to fines, penalties, damages (in certain cases, treble damages), or suspension or debarment from government contracts. While Alcoa believes it
has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to address and reduce these risks, the global and diverse nature of its operations means that these risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and contingencies may
arise from time to time. In addition, various factors or developments can lead the company to change current estimates of liabilities or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible of reasonable estimates, such as a significant
judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments or changes in applicable law. A future adverse ruling or settlement or unfavorable changes in laws, regulations or policies, or other contingencies that the
company cannot predict with certainty could have a material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations or cash flows in a particular period. For additional information regarding the legal proceedings involving the company, see the
discussion in Part I, Item 3. (Legal Proceedings), of this report and in Note N to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data). 

Alcoa is subject to a broad range of health, safety and environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and may be
exposed to substantial costs and liabilities associated with such laws and regulations. 

Alcoa’s operations worldwide are subject to
numerous complex and increasingly stringent health, safety and environmental laws and regulations. The costs of complying with such laws and regulations, including participation in assessments and cleanups of sites, as well as internal voluntary
programs, are significant and will continue to be so for the foreseeable future. Environmental matters for which we may be liable may arise in the future at our present sites, where no problem is currently known, at previously owned sites, sites
previously operated by us, sites owned by our predecessors or sites that we may acquire in the future. Alcoa’s results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by certain health, safety or environmental matters,
including remediation costs and damages related to several sites. Additionally, evolving regulatory standards and expectations can result in increased litigation and/or increased costs, all of which can have a material and adverse effect on earnings
and cash flows. 

Climate change, climate change legislation or regulations and greenhouse effects may adversely impact Alcoa’s
operations and markets. 

Energy is a significant input in a number of Alcoa’s operations. There is growing recognition that
consumption of energy derived from fossil fuels is a contributor to global warming. 

A number of governments or governmental bodies have
introduced or are contemplating legislative and regulatory change in response to the potential impacts of climate change. There is also current and emerging regulation, such as the mandatory renewable energy target in Australia, Australia’s
carbon tax effective in 2012, Quebec’s transition to a “cap and trade” system with compliance required in 2013 and European direct emission regulations expected by 2013. Alcoa will likely see changes in the margins of greenhouse
gas-intensive assets and energy-intensive assets as a result of regulatory impacts in the countries in which the company operates. These regulatory mechanisms may be either voluntary or legislated and may impact Alcoa’s operations directly or
indirectly through customers or Alcoa’s supply chain. Inconsistency of regulations may also change the attractiveness of the locations of some of the company’s assets. Assessments of the potential impact of future climate change
legislation, regulation and international treaties and accords are uncertain, given the wide scope of potential regulatory change in countries in which Alcoa operates. The company may realize increased capital expenditures resulting from required
compliance with revised or new legislation or regulations, costs to purchase or profits from sales of, allowances or credits under a “cap and trade” system, increased insurance premiums and deductibles as new actuarial tables are developed
to reshape coverage, a change in competitive position relative to industry peers and changes to profit or loss arising from increased or decreased demand for goods produced by the company and indirectly, from changes in costs of goods sold.

28 

Table of Contents

The potential physical impacts of climate change on the company’s operations are highly uncertain, and
will be particular to the geographic circumstances. These may include changes in rainfall patterns, shortages of water or other natural resources, changing sea levels, changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperature levels. These
effects may adversely impact the cost, production and financial performance of Alcoa’s operations. 

Adverse changes in discount rates,
lower-than-expected investment return on pension assets and other factors could affect Alcoa’s results of operations or level of pension funding contributions in future periods. 

Alcoa’s results of operations may be negatively affected by the amount of expense Alcoa records for its pension and other postretirement benefit plans. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP) require that Alcoa calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions about financial market and other economic conditions, which may change based on changes in key economic
indicators. The most significant year-end assumptions used by Alcoa to estimate pension or other postretirement benefit income or expense for the following year are the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. The
large decline in our funded status in 2008 due to the financial crisis generated significant unrecognized actuarial losses. We anticipate that expense in future years will continue to be affected as the unrecognized losses are recognized in
earnings. In addition, Alcoa is required to make an annual measurement of plan assets and liabilities, which may result in a significant charge to shareholders’ equity. For a discussion regarding how Alcoa’s financial statements can
be affected by pension and other postretirement benefits accounting policies, see Part II, Item 7. (Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) under the caption “Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates—Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits,” and Part II, Item 8. (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data) under Note W to the Consolidated Financial Statements—Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits.
Although GAAP expense and pension funding contributions are not directly related, the key economic factors that affect GAAP expense would also likely affect the amount of cash or securities Alcoa would contribute to the pension plans. Potential
pension contributions include both mandatory amounts required under federal law and discretionary contributions to improve the plans’ funded status. Higher than expected potential contributions due to a further decline in our funded status
either by an additional decline in discount rates or a lower than expected investment return on plan assets could adversely affect our cash flows. 

Union disputes and other employee relations issues could adversely affect Alcoa’s financial results. 

A significant portion of Alcoa’s employees are represented by labor unions in a number of countries under various collective bargaining agreements with varying durations and expiration dates. While
Alcoa was successful in renegotiating the master collective bargaining agreement with the United Steelworkers in June 2010, Alcoa may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate other collective bargaining agreements in the U.S. and other countries
when they expire. In addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at Alcoa’s facilities in the future. Alcoa may also be subject to general country strikes or work stoppages unrelated to its
business or collective bargaining agreements. Any such work stoppages (or potential work stoppages) could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s financial results. 

Alcoa’s human resource talent pool may not be adequate to support the company’s growth. 

Alcoa’s existing operations and development projects require highly skilled executives, and staff with relevant industry and technical experience. The inability of the company and industry to attract
and retain such people may adversely impact Alcoa’s ability to adequately meet project demands and fill roles in existing operations. Skills shortages in engineering, technical service, construction and maintenance contractors and other labor
market inadequacies may also impact activities. These shortages may adversely impact the cost and schedule of development projects and the cost and efficiency of existing operations. 

Alcoa may not realize expected long-term benefits from its productivity and cost-reduction initiatives. 

Alcoa has undertaken, and may continue to undertake, productivity and cost-reduction initiatives to improve performance and conserve cash, including new procurement strategies for raw materials, such as
backward integration and non-traditional sourcing from numerous geographies, and deployment of company-wide business process models, such as the Alcoa Business System and the Alcoa Enterprise Business Solution (an initiative designed to build a

29 

Table of Contents

common global infrastructure across Alcoa for data, processes and supporting software). There is no assurance that these initiatives will all be completed or beneficial to Alcoa or that estimated
cost savings from such activities will be realized. 

Alcoa may not be able to successfully develop and implement technology initiatives.

Alcoa is working on developments in advanced smelting process technologies, including inert anode and carbothermic technology, in
addition to multi-alloy casting processes. There can be no assurance that such technologies will be commercially feasible or beneficial to Alcoa. 

Alcoa’s business and growth prospects may be negatively impacted by reductions in its capital expenditures. 

Alcoa requires substantial capital to invest in greenfield and brownfield projects and to maintain and prolong the life and capacity of its existing facilities. For 2012, Alcoa has targeted generating
positive cash flow from operations that will exceed capital spending. Insufficient cash generation may negatively impact Alcoa’s ability to fund as planned its sustaining and growth capital projects. Over the long term, Alcoa’s ability to
take advantage of forecasted global demand growth for aluminum may be constrained by earlier capital expenditure restrictions, and the long-term value of its business could be adversely impacted. The company’s position in relation to its
competitors may also deteriorate. 

Alcoa may also need to address commercial and political issues in relation to its reductions in capital
expenditures in certain of the jurisdictions in which it operates. If Alcoa’s interest in its joint ventures is diluted or it loses key concessions, its growth could be constrained. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on
the company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Unexpected events may increase Alcoa’s cost of
doing business or disrupt Alcoa’s operations. 

Unexpected events, including fires or explosions at facilities, natural disasters, war
or terrorist activities, unplanned outages, supply disruptions, or failure of equipment or processes to meet specifications may increase the cost of doing business or otherwise impact Alcoa’s financial performance. Further, existing insurance
arrangements may not provide protection for all of the costs that may arise from such events. 

Cyber attacks may threaten the integrity of
Alcoa’s trade secrets and sensitive intellectual property. 

The company has identified attempts to gain unauthorized access through
the Internet to our information systems. The purpose of these attempts appears to have been to establish command and control and then export company-sensitive data. To our knowledge, no such attack was ultimately successful. However, the success of
such attacks and the resulting damage may only be clear over time and after intensive analysis. Should such an attack succeed, the impact may be material to the company in terms of lost intellectual property, trade secrets, product development data,
and other business development data. 

The above list of important factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance.