. 

Alcoa’s business, financial condition or results of operations may be impacted by a number of factors. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere
in this report, the following are some of the important factors that could cause Alcoa’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements: 

Recovery from the 2008 - 2009 global economic downturn and related disruptions in the financial markets, and their impact on the aluminum industry and Alcoa, are uncertain. 

The aluminum industry generally is highly cyclical, with prices subject to worldwide market forces of supply and demand and other influences. Alcoa is
subject to cyclical fluctuations in LME prices, economic conditions generally, and aluminum end-use markets. The global economic downturn that occurred in 2008 and 2009, coupled with the global financial and credit market disruptions, had a historic
negative impact on the aluminum industry and Alcoa. These events contributed to an unprecedented decline (56% in the last five months of 2008) in LME-based aluminum prices, weak end markets, a sharp drop in demand, increased global inventories, and
higher costs of borrowing and/or diminished credit availability. While Alcoa believes that the long-term prospects for aluminum remain bright, the company is unable to predict the timing and rate at which industry variables may recover. The company
implemented a number of operational and financial actions in 2009 to improve its cost structure and liquidity, including curtailing production, halting non-critical capital expenditures, accelerating new sourcing strategies for raw materials,
divesting non-core assets, reducing global headcount, suspending its existing share repurchase program, reducing its quarterly common stock dividend and making other liquidity enhancements. However, there can be no assurance that these actions, or
any others that the company has taken or may take, will be sufficient to counter any continuation or reoccurrence of the downturn or disruptions. In addition, there can be no assurance that the measures taken by Alcoa or their benefits will be
sustainable in a changing or improving business environment. A protracted continuation or worsening of the global economic downturn or disruptions in the financial markets could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

Alcoa could be materially adversely affected by declines in aluminum prices. 

The price of aluminum is frequently volatile and changes in response to general economic conditions, expectations for supply and demand growth or
contraction, and the level of global inventories. The influence of hedge funds and other financial investment funds participating in commodity markets has also increased in recent years, contributing to higher levels of price volatility. At the same
time, there is often a lag effect for a reduction in LME-linked costs of production. For example, reduction of certain key smelting input costs (such as alumina and power) may lag declining average primary metal revenue by up to 90 days. Continued
high LME inventories could lead to a reduction in the price of aluminum. Industry overcapacity, including decisions by competitors to reactivate idle or build new capacity, could contribute to a weak pricing environment. A sustained weak aluminum
pricing environment or a further deterioration in aluminum prices could have a material adverse effect upon Alcoa’s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. 

A reduction in demand (or a lack of increased demand) for aluminum by China or a combined number of other countries may negatively impact Alcoa’s
results. 

The Chinese market is a significant source of global demand for commodities, including aluminum. A sustained slowdown in
China’s economic growth, or the combined slowdown in other markets, could have an adverse effect on the global supply and demand for aluminum and aluminum prices. In addition, China’s investments to increase its self-sufficiency in key
commodities may impact future demand and supply balances and prices. 

22 

Table of Contents

Alcoa’s operations consume substantial amounts of energy; profitability may decline if energy costs
rise or if energy supplies are interrupted. 

Alcoa consumes substantial amounts of energy in its operations. Although Alcoa generally
expects to meet the energy requirements for its alumina refineries and primary aluminum smelters from internal sources or from long-term contracts, the following could affect Alcoa’s results of operations: 

•

 significant increases in electricity costs rendering smelter operations uneconomic; 

•

 significant increases in fuel oil or natural gas prices; 

•

 unavailability of electrical power or other energy sources due to droughts, hurricanes or other natural causes; 

•

 unavailability of energy due to energy shortages resulting in insufficient supplies to serve consumers; 

•

 interruptions in energy supply due to equipment failure or other causes; or 

•

 curtailment of one or more refineries or smelters due to inability to extend energy contracts upon expiration or negotiate new arrangements on
cost-effective terms or unavailability of energy at competitive rates. 

Alcoa’s profitability could be adversely
affected by increases in the cost of raw materials or by significant lag effects for decreases in commodity - or LME - linked costs. 

Alcoa’s results of operations will be affected by increases in the cost of raw materials, including energy, carbon products, caustic soda and other key inputs, as well as freight costs associated with transporting raw materials to
refining and smelting locations. Alcoa may not be able to offset fully the effects of higher raw material costs or energy costs through price increases, productivity improvements or cost reduction programs. Similarly, Alcoa’s operating results
will be affected by significant lag effects for declines in key costs of production that are commodity- or LME-linked. For example, declines in LME-linked costs of alumina and power in a particular period may not be adequate to offset sharp declines
in metal price in that period. 

Alcoa is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, as well as
inflation, and other economic factors in the countries in which it operates. 

Economic factors, including inflation and fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, competitive factors in the countries in which Alcoa operates, and continued volatility or deterioration in the global economic and financial environment, could affect Alcoa’s revenues,
expenses and results of operations. Changes in the valuation of the U.S. dollar against other currencies, particularly the Brazilian real, Canadian dollar, Euro and Australian dollar, may affect profitability as some important raw materials are
purchased in other currencies, while products generally are sold in U.S. dollars. 

Alcoa may not be able to successfully implement or
realize expected benefits from its growth projects or its portfolio streamlining strategy. 

As a result of the global economic downturn
and as part of the company’s initiative to conserve cash and preserve liquidity, Alcoa halted all non-critical capital investment in 2009, except for the completion of the São Luís refinery expansion, the greenfield
Juruti bauxite mine, the Estreito hydroelectric power project in Brazil and the China and Russia growth projects. However, there can be no assurance that these projects will be beneficial to Alcoa, whether due to unfavorable global economic
conditions, increases in project start-up costs for the Juruti and São Luís projects, currency fluctuations, or other factors, or that the remaining construction on the Estreito project will be completed within budget or by the
targeted completion date. 

Alcoa has also made and may continue to make acquisitions and divestitures and take other actions to streamline its
portfolio. For example, in January 2009, Alcoa announced its intention to sell its Global Foil and Transportation Products Europe businesses. There can be no assurance that these will be completed in their entirety as planned or

23 

Table of Contents

beneficial to Alcoa or that targeted completion dates will be met. In addition, acquisitions present significant challenges and risks relating to the integration of the business into the company,
and there can be no assurances that the company will manage acquisitions successfully. 

Joint ventures and other strategic alliances may
not be successful. 

Alcoa participates in joint ventures and has formed strategic alliances and may enter into additional such
arrangements in the future. For example, in December 2009, Alcoa announced that it formed a joint venture with Ma’aden, the Saudi Arabian Mining Company, to develop a fully integrated aluminum industry (including a bauxite mine, alumina
refinery, aluminum smelter and rolling mill) in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Although the company has, in relation to that joint venture and its other existing joint ventures and strategic alliances, sought to protect its interests, joint ventures
and strategic alliances necessarily involve special risks. Whether or not Alcoa holds majority interests or maintains operational control in such arrangements, its partners may: 

•

 have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with or opposed to those of the company; 

•

 exercise veto rights so as to block actions that Alcoa believes to be in its or the joint venture’s or strategic alliance’s best interests;

•

 take action contrary to Alcoa’s policies or objectives with respect to its investments; or 

•

 as a result of financial or other difficulties, be unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations under the joint venture, strategic alliance or
other agreements, such as contributing capital to expansion or maintenance projects. 

In addition, the joint venture with
Ma’aden is subject to risks associated with large infrastructure construction projects, including the risk of potential adverse changes in the financial markets that could affect the ability of the joint venture to implement its financing plans
or to achieve financial close for the phases of the project and the consequences of non-compliance with the timeline and other requirements under the gas supply arrangements for the joint venture. There can be no assurance that the project will be
funded, completed within budget or by the targeted completion date or that it or Alcoa’s other joint ventures or strategic alliances will be beneficial to Alcoa, whether due to the above-described risks, unfavorable global economic conditions,
lack of financing, increases in construction costs, currency fluctuations, political risks, or other factors. 

Alcoa faces significant
competition. 

As discussed in Part I, Item 1. (Business – Competitive Conditions) of this report, the markets for most aluminum
products are highly competitive. Alcoa’s competitors include a variety of both U.S. and non-U.S. companies in all major markets. In addition, aluminum competes with other materials, such as steel, plastics, composites, and glass, among others,
for various applications in Alcoa’s key markets. The willingness of customers to accept substitutions for the products sold by Alcoa, the ability of large customers to exert leverage in the marketplace to affect the pricing for fabricated
aluminum products, or other developments by or affecting Alcoa’s competitors or customers could affect Alcoa’s results of operations. In addition, Alcoa’s competitive position depends, in part, on the company’s access to an
economical power supply to sustain its operations in various countries. 

Further metals industry consolidation could impact Alcoa’s
business. 

The metals industry has experienced consolidation over the past several years, and there may be further industry consolidation
in the future. Although current industry consolidation has not negatively impacted Alcoa’s business, further consolidation in the aluminum industry could possibly have negative impacts that we cannot reliably predict. 

24 

Table of Contents

Failure to maintain investment grade credit ratings will increase Alcoa’s cost of borrowing and
could further adversely affect Alcoa’s access to the capital markets. 

Alcoa’s cost of borrowing and ability to access the
capital markets are affected not only by market conditions but also by the short-and long-term debt ratings assigned to Alcoa’s debt by the major credit rating agencies. These ratings are based, in significant part, on the company’s
performance as measured by credit metrics such as interest coverage and leverage ratios. In February 2009, Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services (S&P) and Fitch Ratings (Fitch) each lowered Alcoa’s long-term debt rating to BBB-;
S&P and Fitch lowered the company’s short-term debt ratings to A-3 and F3, respectively; and both indicated that the current outlook was negative. Also in February 2009, Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s) lowered Alcoa’s
long-term debt rating to Baa3 and the company’s short-term debt rating to Prime-3, and indicated that the current outlook was stable. Although the company reduced debt and generated free cash flow in 2009, in December 2009, Moody’s placed
Alcoa under review for further downgrade as a result of the company’s announced entry into a joint venture with Ma’aden (the Saudi Arabian Mining Company) to develop an integrated aluminum complex in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and slower
than anticipated (by Moody’s) recovery in earnings generation through 2009 despite higher than anticipated aluminum prices together with the more moderate pace of improvement in debt protection metrics, debt reduction, and balance sheet
strength. Moody’s expressed concern that the joint venture investment may contribute to a delay in balance sheet improvement and debt reduction for Alcoa, given Moody’s expectation for only slow recovery in the aluminum industry and in
Alcoa’s earnings. Although the company has available to it a committed revolving credit facility to provide liquidity, the 2009 downgrades in Alcoa’s credit ratings, as well as any additional downgrades, including below investment grade
level, will increase Alcoa’s cost of borrowing and could have a further adverse effect on its access to the capital markets, including restricting, in whole or in part, its access to the commercial paper market. There can be no assurance that
the commercial paper market will continue to be a reliable source of short-term financing for the company. An inability to access the capital markets could have a material adverse effect on Alcoa’s financial condition, results of operations or
cash flow. 

Alcoa could be adversely affected by the failure of financial institutions to fulfill their commitments under committed credit
facilities. 

As discussed in Part II, Item 7. (Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources) of this report, Alcoa has a committed revolving credit facility with financial institutions available for its use, for which the company pays commitment fees. The facility is provided by a
syndicate of several financial institutions, with each institution agreeing severally (and not jointly) to make revolving credit loans to Alcoa in accordance with the terms of the credit agreement. If one or more of the financial institutions
providing the committed credit facility were to default on its obligation to fund its commitment, the portion of the committed facility provided by such defaulting financial institution would not be available to the company. 

Alcoa may not be able to successfully realize expected short-term benefits from changes in its pricing strategy for the aluminum can sheet market. 

Recently, Alcoa adopted changes to its pricing strategy for the aluminum can sheet market in North America in order to ensure the long-term
profitability of the business. The company eliminated metal price ceilings from its contracts and, in new contracts, is sharing with its customers increased costs of the business to improve its profitability. These decisions are designed to
allow Alcoa to achieve financial returns that can support the business in the long-term and may have a negative effect on volume in the short-term. 

Alcoa’s global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability and events beyond its control in the countries in which it operates. 

Alcoa has operations or activities in numerous countries outside the U.S. having varying degrees of political and economic risk, including China, Guinea and Russia, among others. Risks include those
associated with political instability, civil unrest, expropriation, nationalization, renegotiation or nullification of existing agreements, mining leases and permits, commercial instability caused by corruption, and changes in local government laws,
regulations and

25 

Table of Contents

policies, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, taxation, exchange controls, employment regulations and repatriation of earnings. While the impact of these factors is difficult
to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect Alcoa’s business, financial condition or operating results. 

Alcoa could be
adversely affected by changes in the business or financial condition of a significant customer or customers. 

A significant downturn or
further deterioration in the business or financial condition of a key customer or customers supplied by Alcoa could affect Alcoa’s results of operations in a particular period. Alcoa’s customers may experience delays in the launch of new
products, labor strikes, diminished liquidity or credit unavailability, weak demand for their products, or other difficulties in their businesses. If Alcoa is not successful in replacing business lost from such customers, profitability may be
adversely affected. 

Alcoa may be exposed to significant legal proceedings, investigations or changes in U.S. federal, state or foreign
law, regulation or policy. 

Alcoa’s results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by new or
increasingly stringent laws, regulatory requirements or interpretations, or outcomes of significant legal proceedings or investigations adverse to Alcoa. The company may experience a change in effective tax rate or become subject to unexpected or
rising costs associated with business operations or provision of health or welfare benefits to employees due to changes in laws, regulations or policies. The company is also subject to a variety of legal compliance risks. These risks include, among
other things, potential claims relating to product liability, health and safety, environmental matters, intellectual property rights, government contracts, taxes, and compliance with U.S. and foreign export laws, competition laws and sales and
trading practices. Alcoa could be subject to fines, penalties, damages (in certain cases, treble damages), or suspension or debarment from government contracts. While Alcoa believes it has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs
to address and reduce these risks, the global and diverse nature of its operations means that these risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and contingencies may arise from time to time. In addition, various factors or
developments can lead the company to change current estimates of liabilities or make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible of reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement,
significant regulatory developments or changes in applicable law. A future adverse ruling or settlement or unfavorable changes in laws, regulations or policies, or other contingencies that the company cannot predict with certainty could have a
material adverse effect on the company’s results of operations or cash flows in a particular period. For additional information regarding the legal proceedings involving the company, see the discussion in Part I, Item 3. (Legal
Proceedings), of this report and in Note N to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8. (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data). 

Alcoa is subject to a broad range of health, safety and environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates and may be exposed to substantial costs and liabilities associated
with such laws. 

Alcoa’s operations worldwide are subject to numerous complex and increasingly stringent health, safety and
environmental laws and regulations. The costs of complying with such laws and regulations, including participation in assessments and cleanups of sites, as well as internal voluntary programs, are significant and will continue to be so for the
foreseeable future. Environmental matters for which we may be liable may arise in the future at our present sites, where no problem is currently known , at previously owned sites, sites previously operated by us, sites owned by our predecessors or
sites that we may acquire in the future. Alcoa’s results of operations or liquidity in a particular period could be affected by certain health, safety or environmental matters, including remediation costs and damages related to several sites.
Additionally, evolving regulatory standards and expectations can result in increased litigation and/or increased costs, all of which can have a material and adverse effect on earnings and cash flows. 

26 

Table of Contents

Climate change, climate change legislation or regulations and greenhouse effects may adversely impact
Alcoa’s operations and markets. 

Energy is a significant input in a number of Alcoa’s operations. There is growing recognition
that energy consumption is a contributor to global warming, greenhouse effects and potential climate change. 

A number of governments or
governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating legislative and regulatory change in response to the potential impacts of climate change including pending U.S. legislation that if enacted, would limit and reduce greenhouse gas emissions
through a “cap and trade” system of allowances and credits, among other provisions. In addition, the Environmental Protection Agency has for the first time required large emitters of greenhouse gases to collect and report data with respect
to their greenhouse gas emissions. There is also current and emerging regulation, such as the mandatory renewable energy target in Australia. Alcoa will likely see changes in the margins of greenhouse gas-intensive assets and energy-intensive assets
as a result of regulatory impacts in the countries in which the company operates. These regulatory mechanisms may be either voluntary or legislated and may impact Alcoa’s operations directly or indirectly through customers or Alcoa’s
supply chain. Inconsistency of regulations may also change the attractiveness of the locations of some of the company’s assets. Assessments of the potential impact of future climate change legislation, regulation and international treaties and
accords are uncertain, given the wide scope of potential regulatory change in countries in which Alcoa operates. The company may realize increased capital expenditures resulting from required compliance with revised or new legislation or
regulations, costs to purchase or profits from sales of, allowances or credits under a “cap and trade” system, increased insurance premiums and deductibles as new actuarial tables are developed to reshape coverage, a change in competitive
position relative to industry peers and changes to profit or loss arising from increased or decreased demand for goods produced by the company and indirectly, from changes in costs of goods sold. 

The potential physical impacts of climate change on the company’s operations are highly uncertain, and will be particular to the geographic
circumstances. These may include changes in rainfall patterns, shortages of water or other natural resources, changing sea levels, changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperature levels. These effects may adversely impact the cost,
production and financial performance of Alcoa’s operations. 

Alcoa could be required to make additional contributions to its defined
benefit pension plans as a result of adverse changes in interest rates and the capital markets. 

Alcoa’s estimates of liabilities and
expenses for pensions and other post-retirement benefits incorporate significant assumptions including the interest rate used to discount the future estimated liability, the long-term rate of return on plan assets and several assumptions relating to
the employee workforce (salary increases, medical costs, retirement age and mortality). Alcoa’s results of operations, liquidity or shareholders’ equity in a particular period could be affected by a decline in the rate of return on plan
assets, the interest rate used to discount the future estimated liability, or changes in employee workforce assumptions. 

Union disputes
and other employee relations issues could adversely affect Alcoa’s financial results. 

Some of Alcoa’s employees are represented
by labor unions in a number of countries under various collective bargaining agreements with varying durations and expiration dates. Alcoa may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate collective bargaining agreements in the U.S. and other countries
when they expire including the master collective bargaining agreement with the United Steelworkers that is scheduled to expire on May 31, 2010. In addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at
Alcoa’s facilities in the future. Alcoa may also be subject to general country strikes or work stoppages unrelated to its business or collective bargaining agreements. Any such work stoppages (or potential work stoppages) could have a material
adverse effect on Alcoa’s financial results. 

27 

Table of Contents

Alcoa’s human resource talent pool may not be adequate to support the company’s growth. 

Alcoa’s existing operations and development projects require highly skilled staff with relevant industry and technical experience. The
inability of the company and industry to attract and retain such people may adversely impact Alcoa’s ability to adequately meet project demands and fill roles in existing operations. Skills shortages in engineering, technical service,
construction and maintenance contractors may also impact activities. These shortages may adversely impact the cost and schedule of development projects and the cost and efficiency of existing operations. 

Alcoa may not realize expected benefits from its productivity and cost-reduction initiatives. 

Alcoa has undertaken, and may continue to undertake, productivity and cost-reduction initiatives to improve performance and conserve cash, including new
procurement strategies for raw materials, such as backward integration and non-traditional sourcing from numerous geographies, and deployment of company-wide business process models, such as the Alcoa Business System and the Alcoa Enterprise
Business Solution (an initiative designed to build a common global infrastructure across Alcoa for data, processes and supporting software). There can be no assurance that these initiatives will be completed or beneficial to Alcoa or that any
estimated cost savings from such activities will be realized. 

Alcoa may not be able to successfully develop and implement technology
initiatives. 

Alcoa is working on developments in advanced smelting process technologies, including inert anode and carbothermic
technology, in addition to multi-alloy casting processes. There can be no assurance that such technologies will be commercially feasible or beneficial to Alcoa. 

Alcoa’s business and growth prospects may be negatively impacted by reductions in its capital expenditures. 

In response to the global economic downturn and related disruptions in the financial markets, Alcoa changed its capital expenditures strategy in 2009 as follows: capital expenditure approval levels were
lowered dramatically; growth projects were halted where it was deemed economically feasible; and all non-critical capital expenditures were stopped. Capital expenditures are deemed critical if they maintain Alcoa’s compliance with the law, keep
a facility operating, or satisfy customer requirements if the benefits outweigh the costs. 

Alcoa requires substantial capital to invest in
greenfield and brownfield projects and to maintain and prolong the life and capacity of its existing facilities. If demand for aluminum improves, Alcoa’s ability to take advantage of that improvement may be constrained by earlier capital
expenditure restrictions and the long-term value of its business could be adversely impacted. The company’s position in relation to its competitors may also deteriorate. 

Alcoa may also need to address commercial and political issues in relation to its reductions in capital expenditure in certain of the jurisdictions in which it operates. If Alcoa’s interest in its
joint ventures is diluted or it loses key concessions, its growth could be constrained. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Unexpected events may increase Alcoa’s cost of doing business or disrupt Alcoa’s operations. 

Unexpected events, including fires or explosions at facilities, natural disasters, war or terrorist activities, unplanned outages, supply disruptions, or
failure of equipment or processes to meet specifications, may increase the cost of doing business or otherwise impact Alcoa’s financial performance. Further, existing insurance arrangements may not provide protection for all of the costs that
may arise from such events. 

The above list of important factors is not all-inclusive or necessarily in order of importance. 

28 

Table of Contents