The
 following discussion of “risk factors” identifies the most significant factors
 that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial position or
 future
 financial performance. This information should be read in conjunction with
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) and the consolidated financial
 statements and related notes incorporated by reference into this report.
 The
 following discussion of risks is not all-inclusive, but is designed to highlight
 what we believe are important factors to consider when evaluating our
 expectations. These factors could cause our future results to differ from
 those
 in forward-looking statements and from historical trends.

Several
 of Ashland’s businesses are cyclical in nature, and economic downturns or
 declines in demand, particularly for certain durable goods, may negatively
 impact its revenues and profitability.

The
 profitability of Ashland is susceptible to downturns in the economy,
 particularly in those segments related to durable goods, including the
 housing, construction, automotive and marine industries. Both overall demand
 for
 Ashland’s products and services and its profitability will likely change as a
 direct result of an economic recession, inflation, changes in hydrocarbon
 (and
 its derivatives) and other raw materials prices or changes in governmental
 monetary or fiscal policies.

Ashland
 may not be able to successfully redeploy the proceeds of the MAP Transaction
 in
 a value-creating manner.

Ashland
 may not be able to successfully redeploy the MAP Transaction proceeds in a
 manner that will generate value for its shareholders. To the extent that
 the
 proceeds of the MAP Transaction are used for business acquisitions, there
 is a
 risk that the acquisition will fail to provide expected returns to Ashland’s
 shareholders. In addition, the process of integrating acquired operations
 into
 Ashland’s existing operations may result in unforeseen difficulties. Those
 difficulties might reduce Ashland’s profitability and delay the expected
 benefits of integrating any acquisition.

Ashland’s
 implementation of its SAP™ enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) project has the
 potential for business interruption and associated adverse impact on operating
 results as well as internal controls.

In
 2004,
 Ashland initiated a multi-year ERP project that is expected to achieve increased
 efficiency and effectiveness in supply chain, financial and environmental,
 health and safety processes. The implementations completed to date in all
 four
 of our businesses throughout North America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa
 provide a common ERP for Ashland’s operations now generating more than 85% of
 Ashland’s consolidated revenues. Ashland intends to proceed with additional
 implementations of the ERP within certain of its remaining operations, including
 those in China and Singapore, in fiscal 2008.  Extensive planning has
 occurred to support effective implementation of the ERP system; however,
 such

 6

implementations
 carry certain risks, including potential for business interruption with the
 associated adverse impact on operating income.  In addition, internal
 controls that are modified or redesigned to support the new ERP system may
 not
 have been completely tested.  As a result, there is a risk that
 deficiencies may or will exist in the future and that they could constitute
 significant deficiencies, or in the aggregate, a material weakness in internal
 control over financial reporting.

Ashland
 Water Technologies’ business model redesign may result in consequences which
 could adversely impact financial performance.

Ashland
 Water Technologies has implemented a business model redesign to improve its
 financial performance.  The business model redesign project changes
 how Ashland approaches various markets and the roles of many Ashland Water
 Technologies employees.  If this new business model is executed
 poorly, it may result in added expense, customer dissatisfaction or regrettable
 employee turnover, any or all of which could adversely affect Ashland’s
 financial performance.

The
 competitive nature of Ashland’s markets may delay or prevent the company from
 passing increases in raw materials costs on to its customers.  In
 addition, certain of Ashland’s suppliers may be unable to deliver products or
 raw materials or may withdraw from contractual arrangements.  The
 occurrence of either event could adversely affect Ashland’s results of
 operations.

Rising
 and volatile raw material prices, especially those of hydrocarbon derivatives,
 may negatively impact Ashland’s costs.  Ashland is not always able to
 raise prices in response to such increased costs, and its ability to pass
 on the
 costs of such price increases is dependent upon market
 conditions.  Likewise, Ashland purchases certain products and raw
 materials from suppliers, often pursuant to written supply
 contracts.  If those suppliers are unable to timely meet Ashland’s
 orders or choose to terminate or otherwise avoid contractual arrangements,
 Ashland may not be able to make alternative supply arrangements.  If
 Ashland is unable to obtain and retain qualified suppliers under commercially
 acceptable terms, its ability to manufacture and deliver products in a timely,
 competitive and profitable manner could be adversely affected.

Ashland
 is responsible for, and has financial exposure to, liabilities from pending
 and
 threatened claims, including those alleging personal injury caused by exposure
 to asbestos, which reduce Ashland’s cash flows and could reduce
 profitability.

There
 are
 various claims, lawsuits and administrative proceedings pending or threatened
 against Ashland and its current and former subsidiaries. Such actions are
 with
 respect to commercial matters, product liability, toxic tort liability and
 other
 matters which seek remedies or damages, some of which are for substantial
 amounts. While these actions are being contested, their outcome is not
 predictable.

In
 addition, Ashland is subject to liabilities from claims alleging personal
 injury
 caused by exposure to asbestos. Such claims result primarily from
 indemnification obligations undertaken in 1990 in connection with the sale
 of
 Riley Stoker Corporation (“Riley”), a former subsidiary of Ashland. Although
 Riley was neither a producer nor a manufacturer of asbestos, its industrial
 boilers contained some asbestos-containing components provided by other
 companies. As a result of the transactions, Ashland is responsible for, and
 has
 financial exposure to, these liabilities, which reduce Ashland’s cash flows and
 could reduce profitability.

Ashland
 has incurred, and may continue to incur, substantial operating costs and
 capital expenditures as a result of environmental, health and safety liabilities
 and requirements, which could reduce Ashland’s
 profitability.

Ashland
 is subject to various U.S. and foreign laws and regulations relating to
 environmental protection and worker health and safety. These laws and
 regulations regulate discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the
 management and disposal of hazardous substances and the cleanup of contaminated