The following discussion of “risk factors” identifies the most significant factors that may adversely affect Ashland's business, operations, financial position or future financial performance.  This information should be read in conjunction with 

7  

Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) and the consolidated financial statements and related notes incorporated by reference into this report.  The following discussion of risks is designed to highlight what Ashland believes are important factors to consider when evaluating its
expectations.  These factors could cause future results to differ from those in forward-looking statements and from historical trends.

Several of Ashland’s businesses are cyclical in nature, and economic downturns or declines in demand, particularly for certain durable goods, may negatively impact its revenues and profitability.

The profitability of Ashland is susceptible to downturns in the economy, particularly in those segments related to durable goods, including the housing, construction, automotive and marine industries.  Both overall demand for Ashland’s products and services and its profitability will likely change as
a direct result of an economic recession, inflation, changes in hydrocarbon (and its derivatives) and other raw materials prices or changes in governmental monetary or fiscal policies.

Ashland’s substantial indebtedness may impair its financial condition and prevent it from fulfilling its obligations under the debt instruments.

As a result of the Hercules Transaction, Ashland has incurred a substantial amount of debt.  Ashland’s substantial indebtedness could have important consequences including:

§  

limiting Ashland’s ability to borrow additional amounts to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of its growth strategy and other purposes;

§  

requiring Ashland to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to pay interest on its debt, which would reduce availability of Ashland’s cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, execution of its growth strategy and other general corporate purposes;

§  

making Ashland more vulnerable to adverse changes in general economic, industry and government regulations and in its business by limiting its flexibility in planning for, and making it more difficult for Ashland to react quickly to, changing conditions;

§  

placing Ashland at a competitive disadvantage compared with those of its competitors that have less debt; and

§  

exposing Ashland to risks inherent in interest rate fluctuations because some of its borrowings will be at variable rates of interest, which could result in higher interest expense in the event of increases in interest rates.

In addition, Ashland may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow from its operations to repay its indebtedness when it becomes due and to meet its other cash needs.  If Ashland is not able to pay its debts as they become due, Ashland will be required to pursue one or more alternative strategies, such
as selling assets, refinancing or restructuring its indebtedness or selling additional debt or equity securities.  Ashland may not be able to refinance its debt or sell additional debt or equity securities or its assets on favorable terms, if at all, and if Ashland must sell its assets, it may negatively affect its ability to generate revenues.

The restrictive covenants in Ashland’s new credit facilities may affect Ashland’s ability to operate its business successfully.

The terms of Ashland’s new credit facilities contain various provisions that limit its ability to, among other things:  grant liens; incur additional indebtedness, guarantees or other contingent obligations; engage in mergers and consolidations; make sales, transfers and other dispositions of property
and assets; make loans, acquisitions, joint ventures and other investments; declare dividends, make distributions or redeem or repurchase capital stock; change the nature of business; and enter into transactions with its affiliates.

These covenants could adversely affect Ashland’s ability to finance its future operations or capital needs and pursue available business opportunities.

In addition, Ashland’s new credit facilities require it to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy certain financial condition tests.  Events beyond Ashland’s control, including changes in general economic and business conditions, may affect its ability to meet those financial ratios and
financial condition tests.  Ashland cannot assure that it will meet those tests or that the lenders will waive any failure to meet those tests.  A breach of any of these covenants or any other restrictive covenants contained in Ashland’s new credit facilities would result in an event of default.  If an event of default under Ashland’s new credit facilities occurs, the holders of the affected indebtedness could declare all amounts outstanding, together with accrued interest,
to be immediately due and payable, which, in turn, could cause the default and acceleration of the maturity of certain of Ashland’s other indebtedness.  If Ashland was unable to pay such amounts, the lenders under its new credit facilities could proceed against the collateral pledged to them.  Ashland has pledged a substantial portion of its assets to the lenders under its new credit facilities.

8  

Ashland may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of the Hercules Transaction.

Ashland’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the Hercules Transaction will depend, in part, on Ashland’s ability to integrate the businesses of Hercules successfully and efficiently with its businesses.  The combination of two independent companies is a complex, costly and time-consuming
process.  As a result, the combined company will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating Ashland’s diverse business practices and operations with those of Hercules.  The failure of the combined company to meet the challenges involved in integration or otherwise to realize any of the anticipated benefits of the Hercules Transaction could cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, the activities of the combined company and could seriously
harm Ashland’s results of operations.  In addition, the overall integration of the two companies may result in unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, loss of customer and other relationships, and diversion of management’s attention, and may cause Ashland’s stock price to decline.

In addition, even if Ashland’s operations are integrated successfully with Hercules’ operations, the combined company may not realize the full benefits of the Hercules Transaction, including the synergies, cost savings, or sales or growth opportunities that are expected.  Such benefits may not be
achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all.  Further, because Ashland’s businesses differ from Hercules’ businesses, the results of operations of the combined company may be affected by factors different from those affecting Ashland prior to the Hercules Transaction, and may suffer as a result of the merger.  As a result, the realization of the full benefits anticipated from the merger may not be achieved.

The competitive nature of Ashland’s markets may delay or prevent the company from passing increases in raw materials costs on to its customers.  In addition, certain of Ashland’s suppliers may be unable to deliver products or raw materials or may withdraw from contractual arrangements.  The
occurrence of either event could adversely affect Ashland’s results of operations.

Rising and volatile raw material prices, especially those of hydrocarbon derivatives, may negatively impact Ashland’s costs.  Ashland is not always able to raise prices in response to such increased costs, and its ability to pass on the costs of such price increases is dependent upon market conditions.  Likewise,
Ashland purchases certain products and raw materials from suppliers, often pursuant to written supply contracts.  If those suppliers are unable to timely meet Ashland’s orders or choose to terminate or otherwise avoid contractual arrangements, Ashland may not be able to make alternative supply arrangements.  If Ashland is unable to obtain and retain qualified suppliers under commercially acceptable terms, its ability to manufacture and deliver products in a timely, competitive and profitable
manner could be adversely affected.

Ashland is responsible for, and has financial exposure to, liabilities from pending and threatened claims, including those alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos, which reduce Ashland’s cash flows and could reduce profitability.

There are various claims, lawsuits and administrative proceedings pending or threatened, including those alleging personal injury caused by exposure to asbestos, against Ashland and its current and former subsidiaries.  Such actions are with respect
to commercial matters, product liability, toxic tort liability and other matters which seek remedies or damages, some of which are for substantial amounts.  In addition, as a result of the Hercules Transaction, Ashland acquired Hercules subject to all of its litigation, including asbestos liabilities.  While these actions are being contested, their outcome is not predictable.  
Ashland’s
business could be materially and adversely affected by financial exposure to these liabilities.

Ashland has incurred, and may continue to incur, substantial operating costs and capital expenditures as a result of environmental, health and safety liabilities and requirements, which could reduce Ashland’s profitability.

Ashland is subject to various U.S. and foreign laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and worker health and safety.  These laws and regulations regulate discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and the cleanup of contaminated properties.  The
costs of complying with these laws and regulations can be substantial and may increase as applicable requirements and their enforcement become more stringent and new rules are implemented.  If Ashland violates the requirements of these laws and regulations, it may be forced to pay substantial fines, to complete additional costly projects or to modify or curtail its operations to limit contaminant emissions.

Ashland is responsible for, and has financial exposure to, substantially all of the environmental and other liabilities of Ashland and substantially all of the environmental and other liabilities of its subsidiaries including Hercules and its former subsidiaries.  Ashland has investigated and remediated a
number of its current and former properties.  Engineering studies, historical experience and other factors are used to identify and evaluate remediation alternatives and their related costs in determining the estimated reserves for environmental remediation.  Environmental remediation reserves are subject to numerous inherent uncertainties that affect Ashland’s ability to estimate its share of the applicable costs.  Such uncertainties involve the nature and extent of contamination
at each site, the extent of required cleanup efforts under existing environmental regulations, widely varying costs of alternate cleanup methods, changes in environmental regulations, the potential effect of continuing improvements in remediation technology and the number and financial strength of other potentially responsible parties at multiparty sites.  As a result, Ashland’s ultimate costs could exceed its reserves.

9  

Ashland’s pension and post-retirement benefit plan obligations are currently underfunded.  Ashland may have to make significant cash payments to some or all of these plans, which would reduce the cash available for Ashland’s businesses.

Ashland has unfunded obligations under its domestic and foreign pension and post-retirement benefit plans.  A significant decline in the value of the plan investments or unfavorable changes in applicable laws or regulations could materially change the timing and amount of required plan funding, which would
reduce the cash available for Ashland’s businesses.

Ashland’s customers or markets may migrate to developing countries where it may have an insufficient presence.  Also, Ashland may need to shift manufacturing of certain products to lower-cost countries or developing economies to remain competitive in its industry.

Ashland’s North American customers are subject to increasing foreign competition from developing economies.  If the demand for products manufactured by its North American customers declines, then demand for Ashland’s products in North America will also decline, with the potential to negatively impact
Ashland’s results.

In recent years, new production capacity in the chemical industry has been shifting to countries with developing economies where demand is growing more rapidly and the cost of production is lower.  Ashland
is investing in such countries and there are certain political and other risks associated with doing business in such countries.  Moreover, as Ashland continues to invest in additional overseas facilities, its capital expenditures will increase to reflect the cost of construction of these facilities, which could impact Ashland’s cash flow.  This additional manufacturing capacity may also make some of Ashland’s existing sites redundant, triggering potential write-offs and severance
payments.  In addition, as Ashland and its competitors shift production to lower-cost locations, worldwide pricing for certain products may decline, negatively impacting Ashland’s margins for those products.

Provisions of Ashland’s articles of incorporation and by-laws and Kentucky law could deter takeover attempts and adversely affect Ashland’s stock price.

Provisions of Ashland’s articles of incorporation and by-laws could make acquiring control of Ashland without the support of its Board of Directors difficult for a third party, even if the change of control might be beneficial to Ashland shareholders.  Ashland’s articles of incorporation and by-laws
contain:

§  

provisions relating to the classification, nomination and removal of its directors;

§  

provisions limiting the right of shareholders to call special meetings of its Board of Directors and shareholders;

§  

provisions regulating the ability of its shareholders to bring matters for action at annual meetings of its shareholders; and

§  

the authorization given to its Board of Directors to issue and set the terms of preferred stock.

Ashland’s articles of incorporation and the laws of Kentucky impose some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between Ashland and any beneficial owner of 10% or more of the voting power of its outstanding common stock.  The
existence of these provisions may deprive shareholders of any opportunity to sell their shares at a premium over the prevailing market price for Ashland Common Stock.  The potential inability of Ashland shareholders to obtain a control premium could adversely affect the market price for Ashland Common Stock.