The following factors could affect our future financial performance:

     We have restrictions on the sale of certain properties.

     A taxable sale of any of the properties acquired in the Smith Merger prior to January 1, 2022,
could result in increased costs to us in light of the tax-related obligations made to the former
Smith Partnership Unitholders. Under the shareholders’ agreement between Archstone-Smith, the
Operating Trust, Robert H. Smith and Robert P. Kogod, we are restricted from transferring specified
high-rise properties located in the Crystal City area of Arlington, Virginia until October 31,
2016, without the consent of Messrs. Smith and Kogod, which
could result in increased costs to us and our inability to sell
these properties at an opportune time. However, we are permitted to
transfer these properties in connection with a non-taxable sale or a sale of all of the properties
in a single transaction or pursuant to a bona fide mortgage of any or all of such properties in
order to secure a loan or other financing.

     We have similar restrictions with respect to the properties acquired from Oakwood Worldwide in
2005. The restrictions last until the earlier of (a) such time as 99% of the contributing partners
have sold, redeemed or otherwise disposed of their A-1 Common Units in a taxable event and (b) the
later to occur of (x) 10 years from the closing of the contribution of such properties and (y) the
last to die of Howard Ruby and Ed Broida. Mr. Broida died in 2006.

     We depend on our key personnel.

     Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain the services of executive officers,
senior officers and company managers. There is substantial competition for qualified personnel in
the real estate industry and the loss of several of our key personnel could have an adverse effect
on us.

     Debt financing could adversely affect our performance.

     We are subject to risks associated with debt financing and preferred equity. These risks
include the risks that we will not have sufficient cash flow from operations to meet required
payments of principal and interest or to pay distributions on our securities at expected rates,
that we will be unable to refinance current or future indebtedness, that the terms of any
refinancing will not be as favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness, and that we will be
unable to make necessary investments in new business initiatives due to lack of available funds.
Increases in interest rates could increase interest expense, which would adversely affect net
earnings and cash available for payment of obligations. If we are unable to make required payments
on indebtedness that is secured by a mortgage on our property, the asset may be transferred to the
lender with a consequent loss of income and value to us.

     Additionally, our debt agreements contain customary covenants which, among other things,
restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness and, in certain instances, restrict our
ability to engage in material asset sales, mergers, consolidations and acquisitions. These debt
agreements also require us to maintain various financial ratios. Failure to comply with these
covenants could result in a requirement to repay the indebtedness prior to its maturity, which
could have an adverse effect on our cash flow and ability to make distributions to shareholders.

15

Table of Contents

     Some of our debt instruments bear interest at variable rates. Increases in interest rates
would increase our interest expense under these instruments and would increase the cost of
refinancing these instruments and issuing new debt. As a result, higher interest rates would
adversely affect cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness and to make distributions to
our shareholders.

     We had $6.5 billion in total debt outstanding as of December 31, 2006, of which $2.8 billion
was secured by real estate assets and $1.5 billion was subject to variable interest rates,
including $84.7 million outstanding on our short-term credit facilities.

     We may not have access to equity capital.

     A prolonged period in which we cannot effectively access the public equity markets may result
in heavier reliance on alternative financing sources to undertake new investment activities. These
alternative sources of financing may be more costly than raising funds in the public equity
markets.

     We could be subject to acts of terrorism.

     Periodically, we receive alerts from government agencies that apartment communities could be
the target of both domestic and foreign terrorism. Although we currently have insurance coverage
for losses incurred in connection with terrorist-related activities, losses could exceed our
coverage limits and have a material adverse affect on our operating results.

     We are subject to risks inherent in ownership of real estate.

     Real estate, cash flows and values are affected by a number of factors, including changes in
the general economic climate, local, regional or national conditions (such as an oversupply of
communities or a reduction in rental demand in a specific area), the quality and philosophy of
management, competition from other available properties and the ability to provide adequate
property maintenance and insurance and to control operating costs. Real estate cash flows and
values are also affected by such factors as government regulations, including zoning, usage and tax
laws, caps on rent and rent increases, interest rate levels, the availability of financing,
property tax rates, utility expenses, potential liability under environmental and other laws and
changes in environmental and other laws. Although we seek to minimize these risks through our
market research and property management capabilities, they cannot be totally eliminated.

     We are subject to risks inherent in real estate development.

     We have developed or commenced development on a substantial number of apartment communities
and expect to develop additional apartment communities in the future. Real estate development
involves risks in addition to those involved in the ownership and operation of established
communities, including the risks that financing, if needed, may not be available on favorable
terms, construction may not be completed on schedule, contractors may default, estimates of the
costs of developing apartment communities may prove to be inaccurate, the costs and availability of
materials may be adversely affected by global supply and demand, and communities may not be leased
or rented on profitable terms or in the time frame anticipated. Timely construction may be affected
by local weather conditions, local moratoria on construction, local or national strikes and local
or national shortages in materials, building supplies or energy and fuel for equipment. These risks
may cause the development project to fail to perform as expected.

     Real estate investments are relatively illiquid and we may not be able to recover our
investments.

     Equity real estate investments are relatively illiquid, which may tend to limit our ability to
react promptly to changes in economic or other market conditions. Our ability to dispose of assets
in the future will depend on prevailing economic and market conditions. Furthermore, our mezzanine
loans to real estate investors may not be recoverable if those investors are unable to monetize the
underlying asset at underwritten amounts.

     Compliance with laws and regulatory requirements may be costly.

     We must comply with certain accessibility, environmental, building, and health and safety laws
and regulations related to the ownership, operation, development and acquisition of apartments.
Under those laws and regulations, we may be liable for, among other things, the costs of bringing
our properties into compliance with the statutory and regulatory requirements. Non-compliance with
certain of these laws and regulations may impose liability without regard to fault, and could give
rise to actions brought against us by governmental entities and/or third parties who claim to be or
have been damaged as a consequence of an apartment not being in compliance with the subject laws
and regulations. As part of our due diligence

16

Table of Contents

procedures in connection with the acquisition of a
property, whether it is an apartment community or land to be developed, we conduct an investigation
of the property’s compliance with known laws and regulatory requirements with which we must comply
once we acquire a property, which investigation includes performing a Phase I environmental
assessment of the property and a Phase II assessment if recommended in the Phase I report. We hire
architects and general contractors to design and build our development projects, and we rely on
them to design and build in accordance with all legal requirements. We cannot, however, give any
assurance that our investigations and these assessments have revealed all potential non-compliance
issues or related liabilities, or that our development properties have been designed and built in
accordance with all applicable legal requirements.

     Costs associated with moisture infiltration and resulting mold remediation may be costly.

     As a general matter, concern about indoor exposure to mold continues as such exposure has been
alleged to have a variety of adverse effects on health. As a result, there have been a number of
lawsuits in our industry against owners and managers of apartment communities relating to moisture
infiltration and resulting mold. We have implemented guidelines and procedures to address moisture
infiltration and resulting mold issues if and when they arise. We believe that these measures will
minimize the potential for any adverse effect on our residents. The terms of our property and
general liability policies after June 30, 2002, may exclude certain mold-related claims. Should an
uninsured loss arise against the company, we would be required to use our own funds to resolve the
issue, including litigation costs. We can make no assurance that liabilities resulting from
moisture infiltration and the presence of or exposure to mold will not have a future material
impact on our financial results.

     Changes in laws may result in increased cost.

     We may not be able to pass on increased costs resulting from increases in real estate taxes,
income taxes or other governmental requirements, such as the enactment of regulations relating to
internal air quality, directly to our residents. Substantial increases in rents, as a result of
those increased costs, may affect the ability of a resident to pay rent, causing increased vacancy.

     Archstone-Smith’s failure to qualify as a REIT would have adverse consequences.

     We believe that we have qualified for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code and
we plan to continue to meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT. We cannot, however, guarantee
that we will continue to qualify in the future as a REIT. We cannot give any assurance that new
legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions will not significantly
change the requirements relating to Archstone-Smith’s qualification. If we fail to qualify as a
REIT, we would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates. Also, unless the
Internal Revenue Service granted us relief, we would remain disqualified as a REIT for four years
following the year in which we failed to qualify. In the event that we failed to qualify as a REIT,
we would be required to pay significant income taxes and would have less money available for
operations and distributions to shareholders. This would likely have a significant adverse effect
on the value of our securities and our ability to raise additional capital. In order to maintain
our qualification as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code, our Declaration of Trust limits the
ownership of our shares by any person or group of related persons to 9.8%, unless special approval
is granted by our Board.

     The Operating Trust intends to qualify as a partnership, but we cannot guarantee that the
Operating Trust will qualify.

     The Operating Trust intends to qualify as a partnership for federal income tax purposes.
However, the Operating Trust will be treated as an association taxable as a corporation for federal
income tax purposes if it is deemed to be a publicly traded partnership, unless at least 90% of its
income is qualifying income as defined in the tax code. Qualifying income for the 90% test
generally includes passive income, such as real property rents, dividends and interest. The income
requirements applicable to REITs and the definition of qualifying income for purposes of this 90%
test are similar in most respects. We believe that the Operating Trust will meet this qualifying
income test, but cannot guarantee that it will. If the Operating Trust were to be taxed as a
corporation, it will incur substantial tax liabilities, Archstone-Smith would fail to qualify as a
REIT for tax purposes and Archstone-Smith’s and the Operating Trust’s ability to raise additional
capital would be impaired.

17

Table of Contents

     We are subject to losses that may not be covered by insurance.

     There are certain types of losses (such as from war) that may be uninsurable or not
economically insurable. Additionally, many of our communities in California are located in the
general vicinity of active earthquake fault lines, and our Southeast Florida assets are in coastal
locations and subject to hurricanes. Although we maintain insurance to cover most reasonably
likely risks, including earthquakes and hurricanes, if an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of
insured limits occurs, we could lose both our invested capital in, and anticipated profits from,
one or more communities. We may also be required to continue to repay mortgage indebtedness or
other obligations related to such communities. The terms of our property and general liability
policies after June 30, 2002, may exclude certain mold-related claims. We can make no assurance
that liabilities resulting from moisture infiltration and the presence of or exposure to mold will
not have a future material impact on our financial results. Should an uninsured loss arise against
the company, we would be required to use our own funds to resolve the issue, including litigation
costs. Any such loss could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations.

     We have a concentration of investments in certain markets.

     As shown in the United States Geographic Distribution table below in “Item 2. Properties,” our
most significant investment concentrations are in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, Southern
California, the New York City metropolitan area and the San Francisco Bay Area. Southern
California is the geographic area comprising the Los Angeles County,
San Diego, Orange County, Ventura County and the
Inland Empire markets. We are, therefore, subject to increased exposure
(positive or negative) from economic and other competitive factors specific to markets within these
geographic areas.

     Our business is subject to extensive competition.

     There are numerous commercial developers, real estate companies and other owners of real
estate that we compete with in seeking land for development, apartment communities for acquisition
and disposition and residents for apartment communities. All of our apartment communities are
located in developed areas that include other apartment communities. The number of competitive
apartment communities in a particular area could have a material adverse effect on our ability to
lease units and on the rents charged. In addition, single-family homes and other residential