DeVry’s business operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. Investors should
carefully consider the risk factors described below and all other information contained in the
Annual Report on Form 10-K before making an investment decision with respect to DeVry’s common
stock. If any of the following risks are realized, DeVry’s business, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected, and as a result, the
trading price of DeVry’s common stock could be materially and adversely impacted. Because of their
very nature, management cannot predict all the possible risks and uncertainties that may arise.
Risks and uncertainties that may affect DeVry’s business include, but are not limited to:

Risks Related to DeVry’s Highly Regulated Industry

 DeVry is subject to risks relating to regulatory matters. If DeVry fails to comply with the
extensive regulatory requirements for its business, DeVry could face fines and penalties,
including loss of access to federal and state student financial aid for our students.

     As a provider of higher education, DeVry is subject to extensive regulation on both the
federal and state levels. In particular, the Higher Education Act, as amended and
reauthorized, (“the Higher Education Act”) subjects DeVry’s U.S. degree granting institutions
(DeVry University, Chamberlain College of Nursing, Carrington College and Carrington College
California) and all other higher education institutions, including DeVry’s Ross university
School of Medicine, Ross University School of Veterinary Medicine and American University of the
Caribbean, that participate in the various federal student financial aid programs under Title
IV of the Higher Education Act (“Title IV”) to significant regulatory scrutiny.

     To participate in Title IV, an institution must receive and maintain authorization by the
appropriate state education agencies, be accredited by an accrediting commission recognized by
the U.S. Department of Education (“ED”), and be certified by the ED as an eligible institution.
Most ED requirements are applied on an institutional basis, although some apply program-by
—program.

     These regulatory requirements cover virtually all phases of DeVry’s U.S. operations,
including educational program offerings, facilities, instructional and administrative staff,
administrative procedures, marketing and recruiting, financial operations, payment of refunds
to students who withdraw, acquisitions or openings of new schools or programs, addition of new
educational programs and changes in DeVry’s corporate structure and ownership.

     If DeVry is found to be in noncompliance with any of these regulations, standards or
policies, any one of the relevant regulatory agencies could take action including:

•

Imposing monetary fines or penalties;

•

Requiring a posting of a letter of credit or bond

•

Limiting or terminating DeVry’s operations or ability to grant degrees;

•

Restricting or revoking accreditation, licensure or other approval to operate;

•

Limiting, suspending, or terminating eligibility to participate in Title IV programs
or state financial aid programs; and

•

Subjecting DeVry to other civil or criminal penalties.

     Any of the penalties, injunctions, restrictions or other forms of censure listed above
could have a material adverse effect on DeVry’s business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows. If DeVry were to lose its Title IV eligibility, DeVry would
experience a dramatic and adverse decline in revenue and would be unable to continue business
as it is currently conducted.

35

Table of Contents

     In the fall of 2009, the ED initiated the process of negotiated rulemaking with respect to
Program Integrity Issues to consider changes to certain provisions of the regulations governing
the Title IV Programs. The resulting program integrity rules promulgated in October 2010 and
June 2011 address fourteen topics. The most significant to DeVry’s U.S. degree granting
institutions are the following:

•

Gainful Employment

•

Misrepresentation

•

Incentive Compensation

     The ED published final program integrity regulations on October 29, 2010, with most of the
final rules effective July 1, 2011. On June 13, 2011, the ED published final regulations on
metrics for gainful employment programs effective July 1, 2012. While DeVry expects to be in
compliance with these new reporting and disclosure requirements, non-compliance with these
changes, individually or in combination, may negatively impact DeVry’s student enrollment,
persistence and retention in ways that management cannot now fully predict and could adversely
affect DeVry’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

     Gainful Employment. To be eligible for Title IV funding, academic programs offered by
private sector institutions of higher education must prepare students for gainful employment in
a recognized occupation. Effective July 1, 2011, all private sector higher education
institutions must provide prospective students with the types of employment associated with the
program, total cost of the program, on-time completion rate, job placement rate, if applicable,
and the median loan debt of program completers. Beginning October 1, 2011, institutions must
annually submit information to the ED about students who complete a program leading to gainful
employment in a recognized occupation, including the amount of debt incurred under private
loans or institutional finance plans, matriculation information, and end of year enrollment
information. Additionally, beginning July 1, 2011 the final regulations require institutions to
notify the ED at least 90 days before the commencement of new educational programs leading to
gainful employment in recognized occupations. This notification must include information on the
demand for the program, any performed wage analysis, any external program review and approval,
and a demonstration of accreditation.

An academic program is considered to lead to gainful employment if it meets at least one of the
following three metrics:

•

at least 35% of former students are repaying their loans;

•

the estimated annual loan payment of a typical graduate does not exceed 30 percent
of his or her discretionary income;

•

or the estimated annual loan payment of a typical graduate does not exceed 12% of
his or her total earnings.

An academic program that passes any one standard is considered to be preparing students for
gainful employment. If an academic program fails all three metrics, the institution will have
the opportunity to improve the performance of that program. After one failure, the institution
must disclose the amount by which the program missed minimal acceptable performance and the
program’s plan for improvement. After two failures within three years, the institution must
inform students in the failing program that their debts may be unaffordable, that the program
may lose eligibility, and what transfer options exist. After three failures within four years,
the academic program loses eligibility to participate in Title IV programs for at least three
years, although the program could be continued without federal student aid. If a particular
program ceased to be eligible for Title IV funding, in most cases it would not be practical for
DeVry to continue offering that program. The gainful employment standards are effective
beginning July 1, 2012.

Although the final rules regarding gainful employment metrics provide opportunities to address
program deficiencies before the loss of Title IV eligibility, the continuing eligibility of
DeVry’s educational programs for Title IV funding is at risk due to factors beyond management’s
control, such as changes in the actual or deemed income level of DeVry’s graduates, changes in
student borrowing levels, increases in interest rates, changes in the federal poverty income
level relevant for calculating discretionary income, changes in the percentage of DeVry’s
former students who are current in repayment of their student loans, and other factors. In
addition, even though deficiencies in the metrics may be correctible on a timely basis, the
disclosure requirements to students following a failure to meet the standards may adversely
impact student enrollments in that program and may adversely impact the reputation of DeVry’s
educational institutions.

     Misrepresentation. The new rules significantly broaden an educational institution’s
liability for “substantial misrepresentation” that would, among other things, subject DeVry to
sanctions for statements containing inadvertent errors made to non-students, including any
member of the public, impose vicarious liability on institutions for the conduct of others, and
expose institutions to liability when no actual harm occurs. This could increase DeVry’s cost
of doing business, perhaps materially, which could have a material adverse affect on DeVry’s
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price.

     Incentive Compensation. An educational institution participating in Title IV programs may
not pay any commission, bonus or other incentive payments to any person involved in student
recruitment or admissions or awarding of Title IV program funds,

36

Table of Contents

if such payments are based
directly or indirectly in any part on success in enrolling students or obtaining student
financial aid. The law and regulations governing this requirement do not establish clear
criteria for compliance in all circumstances, but there were twelve safe harbors that defined
specific types of compensation that were deemed to constitute permissible incentive
compensation. The new rules eliminate the 12 safe harbors. These changes increase the
uncertainty about what constitutes incentive compensation and which employees are covered by
the regulation. This makes the development of effective and compliant performance metrics more
difficult to establish. As such, these changes limit our ability to compensate our employees
based on their performance of their job responsibilities, which could make it more difficult to
attract and retain highly-qualified employees. The changes could also impair our ability to
sustain and grow our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and future growth.

     Other Regulatory Risks. In addition to the risks associated with the Title IV Program
Integrity Rules discussed above, the following are some of the more significant regulatory
requirements and risks related to governmental and accrediting body oversight of DeVry’s
business:

•

DeVry’s degree granting institutions may lose their eligibility to participate in
Title IV programs if their student loan default rates are greater than standards set by
the ED. An educational institution may lose its eligibility to participate in some or
all Title IV programs, if, for three consecutive federal fiscal years, 25% or more of
its students who were required to begin repaying their student loans in the relevant
federal fiscal year default on their payment by the end of the next federal fiscal
year. In addition, an institution may lose its eligibility to participate in some or
all Title IV programs if its default rate for a federal fiscal year was greater than
40%. Beginning with the cohort default rate calculations for federal fiscal year 2009,
the cohort default rate will be calculated by determining that rate at which borrowers
who become subject to their repayment obligation in the relevant fiscal year, default
by the end of the third federal fiscal year. The prior method of calculating cohort
default rates will remain in effect and will be used to determine institutional
eligibility until three consecutive years of official cohort default rates calculated
under the new formula are available. In addition, the cohort default rate threshold of
25% will be increased to 30% for purposes of certain sanctions and requirements related
to cohort default rates. If any of DeVry’s U.S. degree granting institutions lose
eligibility to participate in Title IV programs because of high student loan default
rates, it would have a material adverse effect on DeVry’s business;

•

DeVry’s degree granting institutions may lose eligibility to participate in Title IV
programs if, on a cash basis, the percentage of the institution’s revenue derived from
Title IV programs for two consecutive fiscal years is greater than 90%;

•

DeVry may be required to accept limitations to continue its degree granting
institutions’ participation in Title IV programs if DeVry fails to satisfy the ED
administrative capability standards;

•

DeVry is subject to sanctions if payments of impermissible commissions, bonuses or
other incentive payments are made to the individuals involved in certain recruiting,
admissions, or financial aid activities; and

•

DeVry may be required to post a letter of credit or accept other limitations to
continue its U.S. degree granting institution’s participation in Title IV programs if
DeVry does not meet the ED’s financial responsibility standards or if DeVry’s
institutions do not correctly calculate and timely return Title IV program funds for
students who withdraw before completing their program of study.

DeVry could lose or suffer limitations in accreditations and licensing approvals that could
affect its ability to recruit students, operate schools in some locations, and grant degrees.

Unforeseen changes to laws or regulations governing DeVry’s operations may adversely affect
current operations or future growth opportunities.

DeVry is subject to risks relating to financial aid and student finance. A substantial decrease
in student financing options, or a significant increase in financing costs for DeVry students,
could have a material adverse effect on DeVry’s student enrollment and financial results.

     DeVry’s students are highly dependent on government-funded financial aid programs. If
there are changes to financial aid program regulations that restrict student eligibility or
reduce funding levels, DeVry’s enrollment and/or collection of student billings may suffer,
causing revenues to decline. Conversely, increases in state funding levels to
taxpayer-supported educational institutions could generate further price competition that
adversely affects DeVry’s ability to recruit and retain students.

37

Table of Contents

     Action by the U.S. Congress to revise the laws governing the federal student financial aid
programs or reduce funding for those programs could reduce DeVry’s student enrollments and/or
increase its costs of operation. Political and budgetary concerns significantly affect Title
IV Programs. The U.S. Congress enacted the Higher Education Act to be reauthorized on a
periodic basis, which most recently occurred in August 2008. The 2008 reauthorization of the
Higher Education Act made significant changes to the requirements governing the Title IV
Programs, including changes that, among other things:

•

Regulated non-federal, private education loans;

•

Regulated the relationship between institutions and lenders that make education
loans;

•

Revised the calculation of the student default rate attributed to an institution and
the threshold rate at which sanctions will be imposed against an institution (as
discussed above);

•

Adjusted the types of revenue that an institution is deemed to have derived from
Title IV Programs and the sanctions imposed on an institution that derives too much
revenue from Title IV Programs;

•

Increased the types and amount of information that an institution must disclose to
current and prospective students and the public; and

•

Increased the types of policies and practices that an institution must adopt and
follow.

     The U.S. Congress can change the laws affecting Title IV Programs in the annual federal
appropriations bills and other laws it enacts between the Higher Education Act
reauthorizations. At this time, DeVry cannot predict all of the changes that the U.S. Congress
will ultimately make. Since a significant percentage of DeVry’s revenue is indirectly derived
from Title IV Programs, any action by the U.S. Congress that significantly reduces Title IV
Program funding or the ability of DeVry’s degree granting institutions or students to
participate in Title IV Programs could have a material adverse effect on DeVry’s financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

     Changes in tax laws or reduced corporate earnings both could affect corporate educational
benefit plans. If employers reduce tuition reimbursement amounts, working students may be less
likely to enroll in a DeVry program, causing enrollment and revenues to decline.

Risks Related to DeVry’s Business

DeVry is subject to risks relating to enrollment of students. If DeVry is not able to continue to
successfully recruit and retain its students, it will not be able to sustain its recent revenue
growth rate.

     DeVry’s undergraduate and graduate educational programs are concentrated in selected areas
of technology, healthcare and business. If applicant career interests shift away from these
fields, and we do not anticipate or adequately respond to that trend, future enrollment and
revenue may decline.

     If employment opportunities for DeVry graduates in fields related to their educational
programs decline, future enrollment and revenue may decline as potential applicants choose to
enroll at other educational institutions offering different courses of study.

     DeVry may experience increased competition from other educational institutions in
recruiting new students and retaining students already enrolled, causing enrollment and
revenues to decline.

DeVry is subject to risks relating to operating matters, which could have a material adverse
effect on DeVry’s financial results.

     If other educational institutions reduce their price of tuition, a DeVry education could
become less attractive to prospective students. In addition, DeVry may be unable, for
competitive reasons, to maintain and increase tuition rates in the future, adversely affecting
future revenues and earnings.

     DeVry may be unable to attract, retain and develop key employees with appropriate
educational qualifications and experience. In addition, DeVry may be unable to effectively
plan and prepare for changes in key employees. Such matters may cause DeVry to incur higher
wage expense and/or provide less student support and customer service which could adversely
affect enrollment, revenues and expense.

     The performance and reliability of DeVry’s computer networks and system applications,
especially its online educational platforms and student operational and financial aid packaging
applications, are critical to DeVry’s reputation and ability to attract and retain students.
System errors and/or failures could adversely impact DeVry’s delivery of educational content to
its online students. In addition, system errors could result in delays and/or errors in
processing student financial aid and related
disbursements. There is no assurance that DeVry would be able to enhance/expand its
computer networks and system applications to meet increased demand and future information
requirements.

38

Table of Contents

     Security breaches of DeVry’s information systems can create system disruptions, shutdowns
or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. If DeVry is unable to prevent such
security breaches, its operations could be disrupted, or DeVry may suffer reputational damage
and/or financial loss because of lost or misappropriated information.

     DeVry may experience business interruptions resulting from natural disasters, inclement
weather, transit disruptions, or other events in one or more of the geographic areas in which
it operates, particularly in the West Coast and Gulf States of the U.S. and in the Caribbean.
These events could cause DeVry to close schools — temporarily or permanently — and could
affect student recruiting opportunities in those locations, causing enrollment and revenues to
decline.

DeVry’s ability to open new campuses, offer new programs, and add capacity is dependent on
regulatory approvals and requires financial and human resources.

     As part of its growth strategy, DeVry intends to open new campuses, offer new educational
programs and add capacity to existing locations. Such actions require DeVry to obtain
appropriate federal, state and accrediting agency approvals. In addition, adding new
locations, programs and capacity may require significant financial investments and human
resource needs. The failure to obtain appropriate approvals and not properly allocate
financial and human capital would adversely impact DeVry’s future growth.

DeVry may not be able to successfully identify, pursue or integrate acquisitions.

     As part of its growth strategy, DeVry is actively considering acquisition opportunities in
the U.S. and worldwide. DeVry has acquired and expects to acquire additional educational
institutions that complement our strategic direction, some of which could be material. Any
acquisition involves significant risks and uncertainties, including:

•

Inability to successfully integrate the acquired operations into our institutions
and maintain uniform standards, controls, policies and procedures; and

•

Issues not discovered in our due diligence process, including commitments and/or
contingencies.

Proposed changes in U.S. tax laws regarding earnings from international operations could adversely
affect our financial results.

     The U.S. Treasury Department announced that it may seek legislative changes to federal tax
laws governing the taxation of foreign earnings of U.S. based companies. DeVry’s effective
income tax rate reflects benefits derived from operations outside the United States. Earnings
of DeVry’s international operations are not subject to foreign or U.S. federal income taxes as
described in Note 9, Income Taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. If such federal
tax laws were changed and some of DeVry’s international earnings were subject to federal income
tax, or if certain of DeVry’s U.S. expenses were not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes,
DeVry’s effective income tax rate would increase and its earnings and cash flows would be
adversely impacted.

DeVry may experience movements in foreign currency exchange rates which could adversely affect our
operating results.

     As DeVry expands internationally, DeVry will conduct more transactions in currencies other
than the U.S. Dollar. Additionally, the volume of transactions in the various foreign
currencies will continue to increase, thus increasing DeVry’s exposure to foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.

Expansion into new international markets will subject DeVry to risks inherent in international
operations.

     As part of its growth strategy, DeVry has acquired and intends to acquire or establish
additional educational operations outside of the United States. To the extent that DeVry
expands internationally, DeVry will face risks that are inherent in international operations
including:

•

Compliance with foreign regulatory environments;

•

Currency exchange rate fluctuations

•

Monetary policy risks, such as inflation, hyperinflation and deflation;

•

Price controls or restrictions on exchange of foreign currencies;

•

Political and economic instability in the countries in which DeVry operates;

•

Potential unionization of employees under local labor laws;

•

Multiple and possibly overlapping and conflicting tax laws;

•

Inability to repatriate cash balances; and

•

Compliance with United States regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.

39

Table of Contents

DeVry’s goodwill and intangible assets could potentially be impaired if our business results and
financial condition were materially and adversely impacted by the risks and uncertainties

     At June 30, 2011, intangible assets from business combinations totaled $195.5 million, and
goodwill totaled $523.6 million. Together, these assets equaled approximately 39% of total
assets as of such date. If DeVry’s business results and financial condition were materially
and adversely impacted, then such goodwill and intangible assets could be impaired, requiring
possible write-off of up to $195.5 million of intangible assets and up to $523.6 million of
goodwill.