DeVry’s business operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. Investors should
carefully consider the risk factors described below and all other information contained in the
Annual Report on Form 10-K before making an investment decision with respect to DeVry’s common
stock. If any of the following risks are realized, DeVry’s business, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected, and as a result, the
trading price of DeVry’s common stock could be materially and adversely impacted. Because of their
very nature, management cannot predict all the possible risks and uncertainties that may arise.
Risks and uncertainties that may affect DeVry’s business include, but are not limited to:

Risks Related to DeVry’s Highly Regulated Industry

DeVry is subject to risks relating to regulatory matters. If DeVry fails to comply with the
extensive regulatory requirements for its business, DeVry could face fines and penalties,
including loss of access to federal and state student financial aid for our students.

     As a provider of higher education, DeVry is subject to extensive regulation on both the
federal and state levels. In particular, the Higher Education Act, as amended and
reauthorized, (“the Higher Education Act”) subjects DeVry’s U.S. degree granting institutions
(DeVry University, Ross University, Chamberlain College of Nursing, Carrington College and
Carrington College California) and all other higher education institutions that participate in
the various federal student financial aid programs under Title IV of the Higher Education Act
(“Title IV”) to significant regulatory scrutiny.

     To participate in Title IV, an institution must receive and maintain authorization by the
appropriate state education agencies, be accredited by an accrediting commission recognized by
the U.S. Department of Education (“USED”), and be certified by the USED as an eligible
institution. Most USED requirements are applied on an institutional basis.

     These regulatory requirements cover virtually all phases of our U.S. operations, including
educational program offerings, facilities, instructional and administrative staff,
administrative procedures, marketing and recruiting, financial operations, payment of refunds
to students who withdraw, acquisitions or openings of new schools or programs, addition of new
educational programs and changes in our corporate structure and ownership.

     If DeVry is found to be in noncompliance with any of these regulations, standards or
policies, any one of the relevant regulatory agencies could take action including:

•

Imposing monetary fines or penalties;

•

Limiting or terminating DeVry’s operations or ability to grant degrees;

•

Restricting or revoking accreditation, licensure or other approval to operate;

•

Limit, suspend, or terminate eligibility to participate in Title IV programs or
state financial aid programs; and

•

Subjecting DeVry to other civil or criminal penalties.

     Any of the penalties, injunctions, restrictions or other forms of censure listed above
could have a material adverse effect on DeVry’s business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows. If DeVry were to lose its Title IV eligibility, DeVry would
experience a dramatic and adverse decline in revenue and would be unable to continue business
as it is currently conducted.

     The following are some of the more significant regulatory requirements and risks related
to governmental and accrediting body oversight of DeVry’s business:

•

DeVry’s U.S. degree granting institutions may lose their eligibility to participate
in Title IV programs if their student loan default rates are greater than standards set
by the USED. An educational institution may lose its eligibility to participate in
some or all Title IV programs, if, for three consecutive federal fiscal years, 25% or
more of its students who were required to begin repaying their student loans in the
relevant federal fiscal year default on their payment by the end of the next federal
fiscal year. In addition, an institution may lose its eligibility to participate in
some or all Title IV programs if its default rate for a federal fiscal year was greater
than 40%. Beginning with the cohort default rate calculations for federal fiscal year
2009, the cohort default rate will be calculated by determining that rate at which
borrowers who become subject to their repayment obligation in the relevant fiscal year,
default by the end of the second federal fiscal year. The current method of
calculating cohort default rates will remain in effect and will be used to determine
institutional eligibility until three consecutive years of official cohort default
rates calculated under the new formula are available. In addition, the cohort default
rate threshold of 25% will be increased to 30% for purposes of certain sanctions and
requirements related to cohort default rates. If any of DeVry’s U.S. degree granting
institutions

35

Table of Contents

lose eligibility to participate in Title IV programs because of high student loan default
rates, it would have a material adverse effect on DeVry’s business;

•

Any of DeVry’s U.S. degree granting institutions may lose eligibility to participate
in Title IV programs if, on a cash basis, the percentage of the institution’s revenue
derived from Title IV programs for two consecutive fiscal years is greater than 90%;

•

The ability of DeVry’s degree granting institutions to participate in Title IV
programs may be impaired if regulators do not approve a change of control of any
institutions that DeVry may acquire;

•

DeVry may be required to accept limitations to continue its U.S. degree granting
institutions’ participation in Title IV programs if DeVry fails to satisfy the USED
administrative capability standards;

•

DeVry is subject to sanctions if payments of impermissible commissions, bonuses or
other incentive payments are made to the individuals involved in certain recruiting,
admissions, or financial aid activities; and

•

DeVry may be required to post a letter of credit or accept other limitations to
continue its U.S. degree granting institution’s participation in Title IV programs if
DeVry does not meet the USED’s financial responsibility standards or if DeVry’s
institutions do not correctly calculate and timely return Title IV program funds for
students who withdraw before completing their program of study.

DeVry could lose or suffer limitations in accreditations and licensing approvals that could
affect its ability to recruit students, operate schools in some locations, and grant degrees.

Unforeseen changes to laws or regulations governing DeVry’s operations may adversely affect
current operations or future growth opportunities.

DeVry is subject to risks relating to financial aid and student finance. A substantial decrease
in student financing options, or a significant increase in financing costs for DeVry students,
could have a material adverse effect on DeVry’s student enrollment and financial results.

     DeVry’s students are highly dependent on government-funded financial aid programs. If
there are changes to financial aid program regulations that restrict student eligibility or
reduce funding levels, DeVry’s enrollment and/or collection of student billings may suffer,
causing revenues to decline. Conversely, increases in state funding levels to
taxpayer-supported educational institutions could generate further price competition that
adversely effects DeVry’s ability to recruit and retain students.

     Action by the U.S. Congress to revise the laws governing the federal student financial aid
programs or reduce funding for those programs could reduce DeVry’s student enrollments and/or
increase its costs of operation. Political and budgetary concerns significantly affect Title
IV Programs. The U.S. Congress enacted the Higher Education Act to be reauthorized on a
periodic basis, which most recently occurred in August 2008. The 2008 reauthorization of the
Higher Education Act made significant changes to the requirements governing the Title IV
Programs, including changes that, among other things:

•

Regulated non-federal, private education loans;

•

Regulated the relationship between institutions and lenders that make education
loans;

•

Revised the calculation of the student default rate attributed to an institution and
the threshold rate at which sanctions will be imposed against an institution (as
discussed above);

•

Adjusted the types of revenue that an institution is deemed to have derived from
Title IV Programs and the sanctions imposed on an institution that derives too much
revenue from Title IV Programs;

•

Increased the type and amount of information that an institution must disclose to
current and prospective students and the public; and

•

Increased the types of policies and practices that an institution must adopt and
follow.

     The U.S. Congress can change the laws affecting Title IV Programs in the annual federal
appropriations bills and other laws it enacts between the Higher Education Act
reauthorizations. At this time, DeVry cannot predict all of the changes that the U.S. Congress
will ultimately make. Since a significant percentage of DeVry’s revenue is indirectly derived
from Title IV Programs, any action by the U.S. Congress that significantly reduces Title IV
Program funding or the ability of DeVry’s U.S. degree granting institutions or students to
participate in Title IV Programs could have a material adverse effect on DeVry’s financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

     The current negotiated rulemaking by the USED could lead to significant revisions to
the Title IV Program regulations. In the fall of 2009, the USED initiated the process of
negotiated rulemaking with respect to Program Integrity Issues to consider changes to certain
provisions of the regulations governing the Title IV Programs. Negotiated rulemaking is a
process whereby the USED consults with members of the higher education community to discuss
issues and attempt to agree on regulatory revisions to address those issues before the USED

36

Table of Contents

formally proposes any regulations. On June 18, 2010, the USED issued a Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking (“NPRM”) covering, among other things, regulations governing the statutory
prohibition on bonuses, commissions, and other incentive payments for compensation of certain
persons involved in student recruiting and other activities. One element of this NPRM is the
proposed rescission of certain clarifying regulations that create what are commonly known as
the “Safe Harbors” with respect to the Incentive Compensation Prohibition (the Incentive
Compensation Proposal”). On July 26, 2010 the USED issued a second NPRM covering proposed new
requirements for institutions to demonstrate that students completing its programs obtain
gainful employment, as measured against certain metrics, such as the repayment rate of the
institution’s student borrowers and the debt-service to income ratio of its graduates (the
“Gainful Employment Proposal”).

     The public comment period on those aspects of the NPRM issued on June 18, 2010, including
the Incentive Compensation Proposal, closed on August 2, 2010. The public comment period on
the Gainful Employment Proposal is set to close on September 9, 2010.

     On August 13, 2010, the USED released its preliminary data regarding student loan
repayment rates for institutions that receive federal student loans under Title IV. The USED
has not disclosed the basis or the methodology used to determine the repayment rates. The
preliminary data was released by USED in conjunction with the NPRM to illustrate the potential
impact of the Gainful Employment Proposal. DeVry is currently analyzing the data released on
its institutions and intends to work collaboratively with USED to gain clarity on its
methodology and reach a resolution on inconsistencies in the data. In addition, DeVry believes
that USED intends to rectify an oversight with regard to the methodology to determine repayment
rates for students at medical schools.

     The USED is expected to publish new final regulations by November 1, 2010. If adopted,
the proposed Gainful Employment rules would apply to all private-sector institutions of higher
education as well as public-sector and independent schools that offer vocational training and
non-degree certificates.

     At this time, DeVry cannot be certain what requirements may be included in final
regulations resulting from the NPRM. Accordingly, DeVry cannot project how any new
requirements may affect the eligibility of DeVry’s U.S. degree granting institutions to
participate in the Title IV Programs, their ability to comply with revised Title IV Program
regulations, or the potential impact of any changes on students or their ability to finance
their educations. The outcome of the NPRM could have a material adverse effect on DeVry’s
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

     On August 6, 2010, DeVry announced that it had received a request for information from the
U.S. Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions relating to the Committee’s
ongoing hearings relating to private-sector colleges. The request seeks information to more
accurately understand how DeVry’s institutions recruit and enroll students, set program price
or tuition, determine financial aid including private or institutional loans, track attendance,
handle withdrawal of students and return of Title IV dollars and manage compliance with the
requirement that no more than 90% of revenues come from Title IV dollars. The request also
seeks an understanding of the number of students who complete or graduate from programs offered
by DeVry’s institutions, how many of those students find new work in their educational area,
the debt levels of students enrolling and completing programs and how DeVry tracks and manages
the number of students who risk default within the cohort default rate window. The Committee
has requested that DeVry provide information about a broad spectrum of its business, including
detailed information relating to financial results, management, operations, personnel,
recruiting, enrollment, graduation, student withdrawals, receipt of Title IV funds,
institutional accreditation, regulatory compliance and other matters. DeVry intends to
cooperate with the Committee and to work with the Committee to provide the requested
information in a manner that does not compromise its sensitive proprietary operating and other
information. At this time, DeVry cannot be certain as to the outcome of this request or to
what actions, if any, that the Committee may take with respect to the ability of DeVry’s U.S.
degree granting institutions or students to participate in Title IV programs.

     Changes in tax laws or reduced corporate earnings both could affect corporate educational
benefit plans. If employers reduce tuition reimbursement amounts, working students may be less
likely to enroll in a DeVry program, causing enrollment and revenues to decline.

Risks Related to DeVry’s Business

DeVry is subject to risks relating to enrollment of students. If DeVry is not able to continue to
successfully recruit and retain its students, it will not be able to sustain its recent revenue
growth rate.

     DeVry’s undergraduate and graduate educational programs are concentrated in selected areas
of technology, healthcare and business. If applicant career interests shift away from these
fields, and we do not anticipate or adequately respond to that trend, future enrollment and
revenue may decline.

     If employment opportunities for DeVry graduates in fields related to their educational
programs decline, future enrollment and revenue may decline as potential applicants choose to
enroll at other educational institutions offering different courses of study.

     DeVry may experience increased competition from other educational institutions in
recruiting new students and retaining students already enrolled, causing enrollment and
revenues to decline.

37

Table of Contents

DeVry is subject to risks relating to operating matters, which could have a material adverse
effect on DeVry’s financial results.

     If other educational institutions reduce their price of tuition, a DeVry education could
become less attractive to prospective students. In addition, DeVry may be unable, for
competitive reasons, to maintain and increase tuition rates in the future, adversely affecting
future revenues and earnings.

     DeVry may be unable to attract, retain and develop key employees with appropriate
educational qualifications and experience. In addition, DeVry may be unable to effectively
plan and prepare for changes in key employees. Such matters may cause DeVry to incur higher
wage expense and/or provide less student support and customer service which could adversely
affect enrollment, revenues and expense.

     The performance and reliability of DeVry’s computer networks and system applications,
especially its online educational platforms and student operational and financial aid packaging
applications, are critical to DeVry’s reputation and ability to attract and retain students.
System errors and/or failures could adversely impact DeVry’s delivery of educational content to
its online students. In addition, system errors could result in delays and/or errors in
processing student financial aid and related disbursements. There is no assurance that DeVry
would be able to enhance/expand its computer networks and system applications to meet increased
demand and future information requirements.

     Security breaches of DeVry’s information systems can create system disruptions, shutdowns
or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. If DeVry is unable to prevent such
security breaches, its operations could be disrupted, or DeVry may suffer reputational damage
and/or financial loss because of lost or misappropriated information.

     DeVry may experience business interruptions resulting from natural disasters, inclement
weather, transit disruptions, or other events in one or more of the geographic areas in which
it operates, particularly in the West Coast and Gulf States of the U.S. and in the Caribbean.
These events could cause DeVry to close schools — temporarily or permanently — and could affect
student recruiting opportunities in those locations, causing enrollment and revenues to
decline.

DeVry’s ability to open new campuses, offer new programs, and add capacity is dependent on
regulatory approvals and requires financial and human resources.

     As part of its growth strategy, DeVry intends to open new campuses, offer new educational
programs and add capacity to existing locations. Such actions require DeVry to obtain
appropriate federal, state and accrediting agency approvals. In addition, adding new
locations, programs and capacity may require significant financial investments and human
resource needs. The failure to obtain appropriate approvals and not properly allocate
financial and human capital would adversely impact DeVry’s future growth.

DeVry may not be able to successfully identify, pursue or integrate acquisitions.

     As part of its growth strategy, DeVry is actively considering acquisition opportunities in
the U.S. and worldwide. DeVry has acquired and expects to acquire additional educational
institutions that complement our strategic direction, some of which could be material. Any
acquisition involves significant risks and uncertainties, including:

•

Inability to successfully integrate the acquired operations into our institutions
and maintain uniform standards, controls, policies and procedures; and

•

Issues not discovered in our due diligence process, including commitments and/or
contingencies.

Proposed changes in U.S. tax laws regarding earnings from international operations could adversely
effect our financial results.

     The U.S. Treasury Department announced that it may seek legislative changes to federal tax
laws governing the taxation of foreign earnings of U.S. based companies. DeVry’s effective
income tax rate reflects benefits derived from operations outside the United States. Earnings
of Ross University’s international operations are not subject to foreign or U.S. federal income
taxes as described in Note 9, Income Taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. If such
federal tax laws were changed and some of Ross University’s international earnings were subject
to federal income tax, or if certain of DeVry’s U.S. expenses were not deductible for U.S.
income tax purposes, DeVry’s effective income tax rate would increase and its earnings and cash
flows would be adversely impacted.

38

Table of Contents

DeVry may experience movements in foreign currency exchange rates which could adversely affect our
operating results.

     As DeVry expands internationally, DeVry will conduct more transactions in currencies other
than the U.S. Dollar. Additionally, the volume of transactions in the various foreign
currencies will continue to increase, thus increasing DeVry’s exposure to foreign currency
exchange rate fluctuations. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have a
material adverse affect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.

Expansion into new international markets will subject DeVry to risks inherent in international
operations.

     As part of its growth strategy, DeVry has acquired and intends to acquire or establish
additional educational operations outside of the United States. To the extent that DeVry
expands internationally, DeVry will face risks that are inherent in international operations
including:

•

Compliance with foreign regulatory environments;

•

Currency exchange rate fluctuations

•

Monetary policy risks, such as inflation, hyperinflation and deflation;

•

Price controls or restrictions on exchange of foreign currencies;

•

Political and economic instability in the countries in which DeVry operates;

•

Potential unionization of employees under local labor laws;

•

Multiple and possibly overlapping and conflicting tax laws;

•

Inability to repatriate cash balances; and

•

Compliance with United States regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.

DeVry’s goodwill and intangible assets could potentially be impaired if our business results and
financial condition were materially and adversely impacted by the risks and uncertainties

     At June 30, 2010, intangible assets from business combinations totaled $194.2 million, and
goodwill totaled $514.8 million. Together, these assets equaled approximately 50% of total
assets as of such date. If DeVry’s business results and financial condition were materially
and adversely impacted, then such goodwill and intangible assets could be impaired, requiring
possible write-off of up to $194.2 million of intangible assets and up to $514.8 million of
goodwill.