DeVry’s business operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.
Investors should carefully consider the risk factors described below and all other information contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K before making an investment decision with respect to DeVry’s common stock. If any of the following risks
are realized, DeVry’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected, and as a result, the trading price of DeVry’s common stock could be materially and adversely impacted.
Because of their very nature, management cannot predict all the possible risks and uncertainties that may arise. Risks and uncertainties that may affect DeVry’s business include, but are not limited to: 

Risks Related to DeVry’s Highly Regulated Industry 

DeVry is subject to risks relating to regulatory matters. If DeVry fails to comply with the extensive regulatory
requirements for its operations, DeVry could face fines and penalties, including loss of access to federal and state student financial aid for its students. 

As a provider of higher education, DeVry is subject to extensive regulation on both the federal and state
levels. In particular, the Higher Education Act, as amended and reauthorized, (“the Higher Education Act”) subjects DeVry’s U.S. degree granting institutions (DeVry University, Chamberlain College of Nursing, Carrington College and
Carrington College California) and all 

33 

Table of Contents

other higher education institutions, including DeVry’s Ross University School of Medicine, Ross University School of Veterinary Medicine and American University of the Caribbean School of
Medicine, that participate in the various federal student financial aid programs under Title IV of the Higher Education Act (“Title IV”) to significant regulatory scrutiny. 

To participate in Title IV, an institution must receive and maintain authorization by the appropriate
state education agencies, be accredited by an accrediting commission recognized by the U.S. Department of Education (“ED”), and be certified by the ED as an eligible institution, which ultimately is accomplished through the execution of a
Program Participation Agreement. 

These regulatory requirements cover virtually all phases of
DeVry’s U.S. operations, including educational program offerings, facilities, instructional and administrative staff, administrative procedures, marketing and recruiting, financial operations, payment of refunds to students who withdraw,
acquisitions or openings of new schools or programs, addition of new educational programs and changes in DeVry’s corporate structure and ownership. 

If DeVry is found to be in noncompliance with any of these regulations, standards or policies, any one of
the relevant regulatory agencies could take action including: 

•

 Imposing monetary fines or penalties; 

•

 Requiring a posting of a letter of credit or bond 

•

 Limiting or terminating DeVry’s operations or ability to grant degrees; 

•

 Restricting or revoking accreditation, licensure or other approval to operate; 

•

 Limiting, suspending, or terminating eligibility to participate in Title IV programs or state financial aid programs; and

•

 Subjecting DeVry to other civil or criminal penalties, including those associated with filing a false claim, which may include requirements to repay
one or more years receipt of Title IV aid and treble damages. 

Any of the
penalties, injunctions, restrictions or other forms of censure listed above could have a material adverse effect on DeVry’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If DeVry were to lose its Title IV eligibility,
DeVry would experience a dramatic and adverse decline in revenue and would be unable to continue business as it is currently conducted. 

Many U.S. state governments also provide financial support to students enrolled in higher education programs in their state. These state government financial aid programs subject our schools to regulatory
requirements, often similar to those governing federal Title IV programs. If any one of our U.S. degree granting institutions is found to be in noncompliance with regulations governing those programs, its students and prospective students may lose
access to funds from the non-compliant program, which could negatively impact the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the affected institution. The institution could also be required to repay all or a portion of funds
received for one or more years of noncompliant activity. 

The U.S. Congress may change laws governing
federal financial aid programs in ways that could materially impact our financial condition, operations and cash flows. 

Action by the U.S. Congress to revise the laws governing the federal student financial aid programs or reduce funding for those programs could reduce DeVry’s student enrollments and/or increase its
costs of operation. Political and budgetary concerns significantly affect Title IV Programs. The U.S. Congress enacted the Higher Education Act to be reauthorized on a periodic basis, which most recently occurred in August 2008. The 2008
reauthorization of the Higher Education Act made significant changes to the requirements governing the Title IV Programs, including changes that, among other things: 

•

 Regulated non-federal, private education loans; 

•

 Regulated the relationship between institutions and lenders that make education loans; 

•

 Revised the calculation of the student default rate attributed to an institution and the threshold rate at which sanctions will be imposed against
an institution (as discussed above); 

•

 Adjusted the types of revenue that an institution is deemed to have derived from Title IV Programs and the sanctions imposed on an institution that
derives too much revenue from Title IV Programs; 

•

 Increased the types and amount of information that an institution must disclose to current and prospective students and the public; and

•

 Increased the types of policies and practices that an institution must adopt and follow. 

The U.S. Congress can change the laws affecting Title IV Programs in the annual federal appropriations
bills and other laws it enacts between the Higher Education Act reauthorizations. At this time, DeVry cannot predict all of the changes that the U.S. Congress will ultimately make. Since a significant percentage of DeVry’s revenue is
indirectly derived from Title IV Programs, any action by the U.S. Congress that significantly reduces Title IV Program funding or the ability of DeVry’s degree granting institutions or students to participate in Title IV Programs could have a
material adverse effect on DeVry’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Recently proposed legislation that, if enacted, could have a material adverse effect on our business includes: 

34 

Table of Contents

•

 Inclusion of sources of federal student assistance or funding other than Title IV aid in the 90/10 formula, 

•

 Limitations of the use of federal funding for certain expenses. 

Congressional examination of private sector post-secondary education could lead to legislation or other
governmental action that may negatively affect the industry. 

In 2010, the
U.S. Congress increased its focus on private sector education institutions, including participation in Title IV programs and the U.S. Departments’ of Defense and Veterans Administration oversight of tuition assistance for
military service members attending private sector colleges. Since June 2010 the Senate HELP Committee has held hearings to examine private sector education. Other Committees of the U.S. Congress have also held hearings into, among other things,
the standards and procedures of accrediting agencies, credit hours and program length, the portion of federal student financial aid going to private sector institutions, and the receipt of veteran’s and military education benefits by students
enrolled at private sector institutions. DeVry has cooperated with each of these inquiries. A number of legislators have variously requested the Government Accountability Office (GAO) to review and make recommendations regarding, among other things,
recruitment practices, educational quality, student outcomes, the sufficiency of integrity safeguards against waste, fraud and abuse in Title IV programs, and the percentage of private sector institutions’ revenue coming from Title IV
and other federal funding sources. The GAO released four reports on private sector post-secondary education: first, a report in August 2010 (subsequently revised in November 2010) that concluded, based on a three-month undercover investigation,
that employees at a non-random sample of 15 private sector institutions (not any of our schools) made deceptive statements to students about accreditation, graduation rates, job placement, program costs, or financial aid; second, a report in October
2010 critical of the ED’s efforts to enforce the ban on incentive payments; third, a report in October 2011 critical of the student experience and instructor performance at some private sector online institutions; and fourth, a report in
December 2011 comparing various student outcomes across private sector, non-profit, and public institutions. This increased activity is expected to continue and may result in legislation, further rulemaking affecting participation in Title IV
programs, and other governmental actions. In addition, concerns generated by Congressional activity may adversely affect enrollment in and revenues of private sector educational institutions. Limitations on the amount of federal student financial
aid for which our students are eligible under Title IV could materially and adversely affect our business. 

Our ability to comply with some of regulations of the Department of Education is affected by economic forces
affecting our students and graduates that are not entirely within our control. 

Our
ability to comply with several regulations of the ED is not entirely within our control. In particular, our ability to participate in federal Title IV programs is dependent on the ability of our past students to avoid default on student loans,
obtain gainful employment, and to pay for a portion of their education with private funds. These measurements are heavily influenced by broader economic drivers, including the personal or family wealth of our students, the overall employment outlook
for their area of study and the availability of private financing sources. The continued economic downturn, or a worsening economic outlook, could impact these measurements, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operation and cash flows. 

Our failure to comply with the Department of Education’s
gainful employment regulations could result in heightened disclosure requirements and loss of Title IV eligibility. 

Proprietary education programs that “lead to gainful employment in a recognized profession” are eligible to participate in Title IV programs. In June 2011, the ED released regulations, comprised
of alternative metrics, to determine whether a proprietary institution’s programs lead to gainful employment, with the express purpose of restricting the financing options of students at certain proprietary institutions. Failure to meet the
established criteria would result in a proprietary education institution, like any of our U.S. degree institutions, losing eligibility to participate in Title IV programs. Much of the ED’s gainful employment regulations were recently vacated in
PSCU v. Duncan, Case No. 1:11-CV-01314-RC, Dkt. 25 at 1 (D.D.C. June 30, 2012). The Court in 
PSCU, however, upheld ED’s authority to establish minimum standards in determining whether an institution’s programs met
the gainful employment requirements. If the ED were to successfully appeal the Court’s decision in 
PSCU, or develop new gainful employment regulations, and we were unable to comply with such regulations, our noncompliance with such
regulations could have a material impact on our ability to participate in the Title IV programs and, consequently, a material adverse effect on our financial condition. In connection with the ED’s focus on gainful employment, the ED also
released regulations that were not vacated in 
PSCU requiring disclosures related to program costs, average indebtedness and employment outcomes from each program
. These remaining disclosure requirements could have an adverse impact on
our ability to recruit and enroll students if potential new students perceive these outcomes as an indicator of poor value or non-competitive with other programs. 

Department of Education rules prohibiting “substantial misrepresentation” are very broad. As a result, we
face increased exposure to litigation arising from student and prospective student complaints and enforcement actions by the Department of Education that could restrict or eliminate our eligibility to participate in Title IV programs.

35 

Table of Contents

Recently adopted ED rules significantly broaden an
educational institution’s liability for “substantial misrepresentation” that, among other things, subject us to sanctions for statements containing inadvertent errors made to non-students, including any member of the public, impose
vicarious liability on us for the conduct of others, and expose us to liability even when no actual harm occurs. It is possible that despite our efforts to prevent such misrepresentations, our employees or service providers may make statements that
could be construed as substantial misrepresentations. As a result, we may face complaints from students and prospective students over statements made by us and our agents throughout the enrollment, admissions and financial aid process, as well as
throughout attendance at any of our U.S. degree granting schools, which would expose us to increased risk of enforcement action and applicable sanctions or other penalties and increased risk of private qui tam actions under the
Federal False Claims Act. If the ED determines that an institution has engaged in substantial misrepresentation, the ED may revoke an institution’s agreement to participate in the ED’s Title IV programs, impose limitations on the
institution’s participation in Title IV programs, deny applications from the institution for approval of new programs or locations or other matters, or initiate proceedings to fine the institution or limit, suspend, or terminate its eligibility
to participate in Title IV programs. If the ED determines that statements made by us or on our behalf are in violation of the new regulations, we could be subject to sanctions and other liability, which could have a material adverse effect on
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. 

Regulations governing the
eligibility of our U.S. degree granting institutions to participate in Title IV programs preclude us from compensating any employee or third-party involved in student recruitment, admissions or finance based on their success in those areas. These
regulations could limit our ability to attract and retain highly-qualified employees, to sustain and grow our business, or to develop or acquire businesses that would not otherwise be subject to such regulations. 

An educational institution participating in Title IV programs may not pay any commission, bonus or
other incentive payments to any person involved in student recruitment or admissions or awarding of Title IV program funds, if such payments are based directly or indirectly in any part on success in enrolling students or obtaining student
financial aid. Our limited ability to compensate our employees based on their performance of their job responsibilities could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain highly-qualified employees. The regulations may also impair our ability
to sustain and grow our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. Additionally, guidance from the ED indicates that these regulations would apply to services
that we may provide to enable other educational institutions to offer online educational programs. These restrictions could materially restrict our ability to provide services competitive with other companies that provide, or will provide, online
services to educational institutions without restrictions on incentive compensation. 

A failure to
demonstrate financial responsibility or administrative capability may result in the loss of eligibility to participate in Title IV programs. 

All Title IV participating institutions are subject to meeting financial and administrative standards.
These standards are assessed through annual compliance audits, quadrennial renewal of institutional program participation agreements, periodic program reviews and ad hoc events which may lead ED to evaluate an institution’s capacities. If we
fail to demonstrate either financial responsibility or administrative capability, we could be subject to sanctions including; a requirement to post a letter of credit, fines, suspension or termination of our eligibility to participated in the Title
IV programs, any of, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. 

Student loan defaults could result in the loss of eligibility to participate in Title IV programs. 

Our U.S. degree granting institutions may lose their eligibility to participate in Title IV programs if
their student loan default rates are greater than standards set by the ED. An educational institution may lose its eligibility to participate in some or all Title IV programs, if, for three consecutive federal fiscal years, 25% or more of its
students who were required to begin repaying their student loans in the relevant federal fiscal year default on their payment by the end of the next federal fiscal year. In addition, an institution may lose its eligibility to participate in some or
all Title IV programs if its default rate for a federal fiscal year was greater than 40%. Beginning with the cohort default rate calculations for federal fiscal year 2009, the cohort default rate will be calculated by determining the rate at which
borrowers, who become subject to their repayment obligation in the relevant fiscal year, default by the end of the third federal fiscal year. The prior method of calculating cohort default rates will remain in effect and will be used to determine
institutional eligibility until three consecutive years of official cohort default rates calculated under the new formula are available. In addition, the cohort default rate threshold of 25% will be increased to 30% for purposes of certain sanctions
and requirements related to cohort default rates. This change will initially affect eligibility determinations for the 2015 and 2016 fiscal years. If any of our U.S. degree granting institutions lose eligibility to participate in Title IV programs
because of high student loan default rates, it would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. 

Our schools could lose their eligibility to participate in federal student financial aid programs if the percentage of their revenues derived from those programs were too high. 

36 

Table of Contents

Our U.S. degree granting institutions may lose eligibility
to participate in Title IV programs if, on a cash basis, the percentage of the institution’s revenue derived from Title IV programs for two consecutive fiscal years is greater than 90%. If any of our U.S. degree granting institutions lose
eligibility to participate in Title IV programs because it is unable to comply with the ED’s 90/10 Rule, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. 

Our failure to comply with the Department of Education’s credit hour rule could result in sanctions and other
liability. 

In 2009 and 2010 the ED’s Office of Inspector General criticized
three accreditors, including the Higher Learning Commission, which is the accreditor for DeVry University and Chamberlain College of Nursing, for deficiency in their oversight of institutions’ credit hour allocations. In June 2010 the House
Education and Labor Committee held a hearing concerning accrediting agencies’ standards for assessing institutions’ credit hour policies. The 2010 Program Integrity Regulations defined the term “credit hour” for the first time
and require accrediting agencies to review the reliability and accuracy of an institution’s credit hour assignments. If an accreditor does not comply with this requirement, its recognition by the ED could be jeopardized. If an accreditor
identifies systematic or significant noncompliance in one or more of an institution’s programs, the accreditor must notify the Secretary of Education. If the ED determines that an institution is out of compliance with the credit hour
definition, the ED could impose liabilities or other sanctions which could have a material adverse effect on our financial conditions, results of operation and cash flows. 

If we fail to maintain our institutional accreditation or if our institutional accrediting body loses recognition
by the Department of Education, we would lose our ability to participate in Title IV programs. 

The loss of accreditation by any of our schools would leave such affected school ineligible to participate in Title IV programs and would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operation and cash flows. In addition, an adverse action by any of our accreditors, other than loss of accreditation, such as issuance of a warning, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Increased scrutiny of accreditors
by the Secretary of Education in connection with the ED’s recognition process may result in increased scrutiny of institutions by accreditors or have other consequences. 

If we fail to maintain any of our state authorizations, we would lose our ability to operate in that state and to
participate in Title IV programs there. 

Campuses of our U.S. degree granting
institutions are authorized to operate and to grant degrees, diplomas or certificates by the applicable education agency of the state where each such campus is located. Such state authorization is required for students at the campus to participate
in Title IV programs. The loss of state authorization would, among other things, render the affected school ineligible to participate in Title IV programs at least at those state campus locations, limit that school’s ability to
operate in that state and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. 

Budget constraints in states that provide state financial aid to our students could reduce the amount of such financial aid that is available to our students, which could reduce our enrollment and
adversely affect our 90/10 Rule percentage. 

Many states are experiencing severe
budget deficits and constraints. Some of these states have reduced or eliminated various student financial assistance programs, and additional states may do so in the future. If our students who receive this type of assistance cannot secure
alternate sources of funding, they may be forced to withdraw, reduce the rate at which they seek to complete their education, or replace the source with more expensive forms of funding such as private loans which will have a negative impact on debt
measurements such as the Gainful Employment disclosures and the cohort default rate. Other students who would otherwise have been eligible for state financial assistance may not be able to enroll without such aid. This reduced funding could decrease
our enrollment and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, the reduction or elimination of these non-Title IV sources of student funding may adversely affect our 90/10 measurement. 

We are subject to sanctions if we fail to calculate accurately and make timely payment of refunds of Title IV
program funds for students who withdraw before completing their educational program. 

The Higher Education Act and ED regulations require us to calculate refunds of unearned Title IV
program funds disbursed to students who withdraw from their educational program. If refunds are not properly calculated or timely paid, we may be required to post a letter of credit with the ED or be subject to sanctions or other adverse actions by
the ED, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. 

We rely on one or more third parties to administer portions of our Title IV and institutional loan programs and failure to comply with applicable regulations by a third-party or by us could
result in sanctions. 

37 

Table of Contents

We contract with unaffiliated entities for student software
systems and services related to the administration of portions of our Title IV and institutional loan programs. Because each of our schools is jointly and severally liable for the actions of third-party servicers and vendors, failure of such
servicers to comply with applicable regulations could have a material adverse effect on our schools, including fines and the loss of eligibility to participate in Title IV programs. If any of the third party servicers discontinue providing such
services to us, we may not be able to replace them in a timely, cost-efficient, or effective manner, or at all, and we could lose our ability to comply with collection, lending and Title IV requirements, which could have a material adverse effect
our enrollment, revenues and results of operations. 

We provide financing programs to assist some of our
students in affording our educational offerings. These programs are subject to various federal and state rules and regulations. Failure to comply with credit and collections regulations could subject us to fines. 

Our institutional lending programs fall under the oversight and enforcement provisions of the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau. If we, or one of the companies that service our loans, do not comply with Truth in Lending or Fair Debt Collections Practices laws, we could be subject to fines of as much as $1,000,000 per day of non-compliance. These
fines could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. 

Release of confidential information could subject us to civil penalties or cause us to lose our eligibility to
participate in Title IV programs. 

As an educational institution participating in
federal and state student assistance programs and collecting financial receipts from enrollees or their sponsors, we collect and retain certain confidential information. Such information is subject to federal and state privacy and security rules,
including the Family Education Right to Privacy Act, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act. Release or failure to secure confidential information or other non-compliance with these
rules could subject us to fines, loss of our capacity to conduct electronic commerce and loss of eligibility to participate in Title IV programs. 

We are subject to sanctions if we fail to accurately and timely report sponsored students’ tuition, fees and enrollments to the sponsoring agency. 

A significant portion of our enrollment is sponsored through various federal and state supported agencies
and programs, including the U. S. Departments of Defense, Labor and Veterans Administration. We are required to periodically report tuition fees and enrollment to the sponsoring agencies. As a recipient of funds, we are subject to periodic reviews
and audits. Inaccurate or untimely reporting could result in suspension or termination of our eligibility to participate in these federal and state programs and have a material adverse impact on enrollments and revenues. 

DeVry’s enrollment may be adversely affected by presentations of data concerning competitors that are not
representative of actual educational costs for our prospective students. 

The ED and
other public policy organizations are concerned with the escalating costs of higher education and have developed various tools and resources to help students find low cost educational alternatives. These resources primarily rely on and present data
for first-time, full-time residential students, which is not representative of most prospective DeVry students. These presentations may influence some prospective students to exclude DeVry institutions from their consideration. 

Risks Related to DeVry’s Business 

Student enrollment at our schools is affected by legislative, regulatory and economic factors that may change in ways we cannot predict. These factors outside our control limit our ability to assess
our future enrollments effectively. 

Our future growth depends on a number of factors,
including many of the regulatory risks discussed above and business risks discussed below. DeVry University, Carrington College and Carrington College California have experienced reduced new student enrollments in recent periods. Despite ongoing
efforts to provide more scholarships to prospective students, and to increase quality and build our reputation, increased unemployment, consumer aversion to debt and the resulting lower student consumer confidence may continue to impact enrollment
in the future. Until legislative, regulatory, and market uncertainty are resolved, it may be difficult to assess whether and to what extent there is an impact on our long term growth prospects.

DeVry is subject to risks relating to enrollment of students. If DeVry is not able to continue to successfully
recruit and retain its students, it will not be able to sustain or grow revenues. 

38 

Table of Contents

DeVry’s undergraduate and graduate educational programs
are concentrated in selected areas of technology, healthcare and business. If applicant career interests shift away from these fields, and we do not anticipate or adequately respond to that trend, future enrollment and revenue may decline.

If our graduates are unable to find appropriate employment opportunities, we may not be able to recruit
new students. 

If employment opportunities for DeVry graduates in fields related to
their educational programs decline, future enrollment and revenue may decline as potential applicants choose to enroll at other educational institutions offering different courses of study. 

We face heightened competition in the postsecondary education market from both public and private educational
institutions, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. 

Postsecondary education in our existing and new market areas is highly competitive and is becoming increasingly so. We compete with traditional public and private two-year and four-year colleges, other
proprietary schools and alternatives to higher education. Some of our competitors, both public and private, have greater financial and nonfinancial resources than we have. Some of our competitors, both public and private, are able to offer programs
similar to ours at a lower tuition level for a variety of reasons, including the availability of direct and indirect government subsidies, government and foundation grants, large endowments, tax-deductible contributions and other financial resources
not available to proprietary institutions, or by providing fewer student services or larger class sizes. An increasing number of traditional colleges and community colleges are offering distance learning and other online education programs,
including programs that are geared towards the needs of working learners. This trend has been accelerated by private companies that provide and/or manage online learning platforms for traditional colleges and community colleges. As the proportion of
traditional colleges providing alternative learning modalities increases, we will face increasing competition for students from traditional colleges, including colleges with well-established reputations for excellence. As the online and distance
learning segment of the postsecondary education market matures, we believe that the intensity of the competition we face will continue to increase. This intense competition could make it more challenging for us to enroll students who are likely to
succeed in our educational programs, which could adversely affect our enrollment levels and put downward pressure on our tuition rates, either of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

The personal information that we collect may be vulnerable to breach, theft or loss
that could adversely affect our reputation and operations. 

Possession and use of
personal information in our operations subjects us to risks and costs that could harm our business. We collect, use and retain large amounts of personal information regarding our students and their families, including social security numbers, tax
return information, personal and family financial data and credit card numbers. We also collect and maintain personal information of our employees in the ordinary course of our business. Some of this personal information is held and managed by
certain of our vendors. Confidential information also may become available to third parties inadvertently when we integrate or convert computer networks into our network following an acquisition of a school or in connection with upgrades from time
to time. 

Due to the sensitive nature of the information contained on our networks, such as
students’ grades, our networks may be targeted by hackers. Anyone who circumvents security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations. Although we use security and business
controls to limit access and use of personal information, a third party may be able to circumvent those security and business controls, which could result in a breach of student or employee privacy. In addition, errors in the storage, use or
transmission of personal information could result in a breach of student or employee privacy. Possession and use of personal information in our operations also subjects us to legislative and regulatory burdens that could require notification of data
breaches and restrict our use of personal information. We cannot assure you that a breach, loss or theft of personal information will not occur. A breach, theft or loss of personal information regarding our students and their families or our
employees that is held by us or our vendors could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and results of operations and result in liability under state and federal privacy statutes and legal actions by state authorities and private
litigants, and any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

A failure in our
computer network or information systems could severely impact our ability to serve our existing students and attract new students. 

The performance and reliability of our computer networks and system applications, especially their online educational platforms and student operational and financial aid packaging applications, are
critical to our reputation and ability to attract and retain students. System errors and/or failures could adversely impact DeVry’s delivery of educational content to its online students. In addition, system errors could result in delays and/or
errors in processing student financial aid and related disbursements. There is no assurance that we would be able to enhance/expand our computer networks and system applications to meet increased demand and future information requirements.

39 

Table of Contents

Government regulations relating to the Internet could increase our
cost of doing business and affect our ability to grow. 

The increasing popularity and
use of the Internet and other online services has led to and may lead to further adoption of new laws and regulatory practices in the U.S. or foreign countries and to new interpretations of existing laws and regulations. These new laws and
interpretations may relate to issues such as online privacy, copyrights, trademarks and service marks, sales taxes, value-added taxes, withholding taxes, allocation and apportionment of income amongst various state, local and foreign jurisdictions,
fair business practices and the requirement that online education institutions qualify to do business as foreign corporations or be licensed in one or more jurisdictions where they have no physical location or other presence. New laws, regulations
or interpretations related to doing business over the Internet could increase our costs and materially and adversely affect our enrollments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. 

Natural disasters or other extraordinary events may cause us to close some of our schools.

DeVry may experience business interruptions resulting from natural disasters,
inclement weather, transit disruptions, or other events in one or more of the geographic areas in which it operates, particularly in the West Coast and Gulf States of the U.S. and in the Caribbean. These events could cause DeVry to close
schools — temporarily or permanently — and could affect student recruiting opportunities in those locations, causing enrollment and revenues to decline. 

DeVry’s ability to open new campuses, offer new programs, and add capacity is dependent on regulatory
approvals and requires financial and human resources. 

As part of its growth strategy,
DeVry intends to open new campuses, offer new educational programs and add capacity to existing locations. Such actions require DeVry to obtain appropriate federal, state and accrediting agency approvals. In addition, adding new locations, programs
and capacity may require significant financial investments and human resource capabilities. The failure to obtain appropriate approvals or not properly allocate financial and human capital would adversely impact DeVry’s future growth.

We may not be able to attract, retain and develop key employees necessary for our operations and the
successful execution of our strategic plans. 

DeVry may be unable to attract, retain
and develop key employees with appropriate educational qualifications and experience. In addition, DeVry may be unable to effectively plan and prepare for changes in key employees. Such matters may cause DeVry to incur higher wage expense and/or
provide less student support and customer service which could adversely affect enrollment, revenues and expense. A significant amount of our compensation for our key employees is tied to our financial performance. Recent financial results have
resulted in lower compensation payments under our Management Incentive Plan and lower returns on grants under our Long Term Incentive Plan for many of our key employees, which may make it more difficult for DeVry to retain such employees. We may
require new employees in order to execute some of our strategic plans. Uncertainty regarding our future financial performance may limit our ability to attract new employees with competitive compensation or increase our cost of recruiting and
retaining such new employees. 

DeVry may not be able to successfully identify, pursue or integrate
acquisitions. 

As part of its growth strategy, DeVry is actively considering
acquisition opportunities in the U.S. and worldwide. DeVry has acquired and expects to acquire additional educational institutions that complement our strategic direction, some of which could be material to our operations. Any acquisition
involves significant risks and uncertainties, including: 

•

 Inability to successfully integrate the acquired operations into our institutions and maintain uniform standards, controls, policies and procedures;
and 

•

 Issues not discovered in our due diligence process, including commitments and/or contingencies. 

Proposed changes in, or lapses of, U.S. tax laws regarding earnings from international operations could adversely
affect our financial results. 

The U.S. Treasury Department announced
that it may seek legislative changes to federal tax laws governing the taxation of foreign earnings of U.S. based companies. DeVry’s effective income tax rate reflects benefits derived from operations outside the United
States. Earnings of DeVry’s international operations are not subject to foreign or U.S. federal income taxes as described in Note 10, Income Taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. If such federal tax laws were changed and
some of DeVry’s international earnings were subject to federal income tax, or if certain of DeVry’s U.S. expenses were not deductible 

40 

Table of Contents

for U.S. income tax purposes, DeVry’s effective income tax rate would increase and its earnings and cash flows would be adversely impacted. In addition, DeVry has benefitted from the ability
to enter into international intercompany arrangements without incurring U.S. taxation due to a law, subject to expire in fiscal year 2013, deferring U.S. taxation of “foreign personal holding company income” such as foreign income from
dividends, interest, rents and royalties. If this law not extended, or a similar law adopted, our consolidated tax provision, beginning in our fiscal year 2013, would be impacted and we may not be able to allocate international capital optimally
without realizing U.S. income taxes, which would increase our effective income tax rate and adversely impact our earnings and cash flows. 

DeVry may experience movements in foreign currency exchange rates which could adversely affect our operating results. 

As DeVry expands internationally, DeVry will conduct more transactions in currencies other than the U.S.
Dollar. Additionally, the volume of transactions in the various foreign currencies will continue to increase, thus increasing DeVry’s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Expansion into new international markets will subject DeVry to risks inherent in international operations.

As part of its growth strategy, DeVry has acquired and intends to acquire or
establish additional educational operations outside of the United States. To the extent that DeVry expands internationally, DeVry will face risks that are inherent in international operations including: 

•

 Compliance with foreign regulatory environments; 

•

 Currency exchange rate fluctuations 

•

 Monetary policy risks, such as inflation, hyperinflation and deflation; 

•

 Price controls or restrictions on exchange of foreign currencies; 

•

 Political and economic instability in the countries in which DeVry operates; 

•

 Potential unionization of employees under local labor laws; 

•

 Multiple and possibly overlapping and conflicting tax laws; 

•

 Inability to repatriate cash balances; and 

•

 Compliance with United States regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 

DeVry’s goodwill and intangible assets could potentially be impaired if our business results and financial
condition were materially and adversely impacted by the risks and uncertainties 

At
June 30, 2012, intangible assets from business combinations totaled $285.2 million, and goodwill totaled $550.0 million. Together, these assets equaled approximately 45% of total assets as of such date. If DeVry’s business
results and financial condition were materially and adversely impacted, then such goodwill and intangible assets could be impaired, requiring possible write-off of up to $285.2 million of intangible assets and up to $550.0 million of
goodwill.