There are inherent risks and uncertainties associated with our business that could adversely affect
our operating performance and financial condition. Set forth below are descriptions of those risks
and uncertainties that we currently believe to be material, but the risks and uncertainties
described are not the only risks and uncertainties that could affect our business. See the
discussion under “Forward-Looking Statements” in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Risks Associated With Our Business

     Cyclical Demand for Products. 
The cyclical nature of the industries in which our customers
operate causes demand for our products to be cyclical, creating potential uncertainty regarding
future profitability. Various changes in general economic conditions may affect the industries in
which our customers operate. These changes could include decreases in the rate of consumption or
use of our customers’ products due to economic downturns. Other factors that may cause fluctuation
in our customers’ positions are changes in market demand, lower overall pricing due to domestic and
international overcapacity, currency fluctuations, lower priced imports and increases in use or
decreases in prices of substitute materials. As a result of these factors, our profitability has
been and may in the future be subject to significant fluctuation.

     Worldwide economic conditions deteriorated significantly in the recent past and could remain
weak in the future. These conditions have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on
demand for our customers’ products and, in turn, on demand for our products. If these conditions
persist or worsen, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected.

     Product Pricing. 
From time-to-time, reduced demand, intense competition and excess
manufacturing capacity have resulted in reduced prices, excluding raw material surcharges, for many
of our products. These factors have had and may have an adverse impact on our revenues, operating
results and financial condition.

     Although inflationary trends in recent years have been moderate, during most of the same
period certain critical raw material costs, such as nickel, titanium sponge, chromium, and
molybdenum and scrap containing iron, nickel, titanium, chromium, and molybdenum have been volatile
and at historically high levels. While we have been able to mitigate some of the adverse impact of
rising raw material costs through raw material surcharges or indices to customers, rapid increases
in raw material costs may adversely affect our results of operations.

     We change prices on certain of our products from time-to-time. The ability to implement price
increases is dependent on market conditions, economic factors, raw material costs and availability,
competitive factors, operating costs and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. The
benefits of any price increases may be delayed due to long manufacturing lead times and the terms
of existing contracts.

     Risks Associated with Commercial Aerospace. 
A significant portion of the sales of our High
Performance Metals segment represents products sold to customers in the commercial aerospace
industry. The commercial aerospace industry has historically been cyclical due to factors both
external and internal to the airline industry. These factors include general economic conditions,
airline profitability, consumer demand for air travel, varying fuel and labor costs, price
competition, and international and domestic political conditions such as military conflict and the
threat of terrorism. The length and degree of cyclical fluctuation are influenced by these factors
and therefore are difficult to predict with certainty. Demand for our products in this segment is
subject to these cyclical trends. For example, the average price per pound for our titanium mill
products was $11.89 for the period 2002 through 2004, $22.75 in 2005, $33.83 in 2006, $30.14 in
2007, $25.60 in 2008, $20.92 in 2009 and $19.37 in 2010, and the average price per pound for our
nickel-based and specialty alloys was $7.19 for the period 2002 through 2004, $11.25 in 2005,
$14.35 in 2006, $19.16 in 2007, $18.14 in 2008, $14.43 in 2009 and $14.03 in 2010. A downturn in
the commercial aerospace industry has had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on the
prices at which we are able to sell these and other products, and our results of operations,
business and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

9

Table of Contents

     Risks Associated with Strategic Capital Projects. 
From time-to-time, we undertake
strategic capital projects in order to enhance, expand and/or upgrade our facilities and
operational capabilities. For instance, over the past four years we have undertaken major
expansions of our titanium and premium-melt nickel-based alloy, superalloy and specialty alloy
production capabilities, and commenced construction of a new advanced specialty metals hot rolling
and processing facility. Our ability to achieve the anticipated increased revenues or otherwise
realize acceptable returns on these investments or other strategic capital projects that we may
undertake is subject to a number of risks, many of which are beyond our control, including a
variety of market, operational, permitting, and labor related factors. In addition, the cost to
implement any given strategic capital project ultimately may prove to be greater than originally
anticipated. If we are not able to achieve the anticipated results from the implementation of any
of our strategic capital projects, or if we incur unanticipated implementation costs, our results
of operations and financial position may be materially adversely affected.

     Dependence on Critical Raw Materials Subject to Price and Availability Fluctuations. 
We rely
to a substantial extent on third parties to supply certain raw materials that are critical to the
manufacture of our products. Purchase prices and availability of these critical raw materials are
subject to volatility. At any given time we may be unable to obtain an adequate supply of these
critical raw materials on a timely basis, on price and other terms acceptable, or at all.

     If suppliers increase the price of critical raw materials, we may not have alternative sources
of supply. In addition, to the extent that we have quoted prices to customers and accepted customer
orders for products prior to purchasing necessary raw materials, or have existing contracts, we may
be unable to raise the price of products to cover all or part of the increased cost of the raw
materials.

     The manufacture of some of our products is a complex process and requires long lead times. As
a result, we may experience delays or shortages in the supply of raw materials. If unable to obtain
adequate and timely deliveries of required raw materials, we may be unable to timely manufacture
sufficient quantities of products. This could cause us to lose sales, incur additional costs, delay
new product introductions, or suffer harm to our reputation.

     We acquire certain important raw materials that we use to produce specialty materials,
including nickel, chromium, cobalt, and titanium sponge, from foreign sources. Some of these
sources operate in countries that may be subject to unstable political and economic conditions.
These conditions may disrupt supplies or affect the prices of these materials.

     Volatility of Raw Material Costs. 
The prices for many of the raw materials we use have been
extremely volatile. Since we value most of our inventory utilizing the last-in, first-out (LIFO)
inventory costing methodology, a rapid rise in raw material costs has a negative effect on our
operating results. Under the LIFO inventory valuation method, changes in the cost of raw materials
and production activities are recognized in cost of sales in the current period even though these
material and other costs may have been incurred at significantly different values due to the length
of time of our production cycle. For example, in 2009 and 2008, the effect of falling raw material
costs on our LIFO inventory valuation method resulted in cost of sales which were $102.8 million
and $169.0 million, respectively, lower than have been recognized had we utilized the first-in,
first-out (FIFO) methodology to value our inventory. Conversely in 2010, the increase in raw
material costs on the LIFO inventory valuation method resulted in cost of sales which was $60.2
million higher than would have been recognized if we utilized the FIFO methodology to value our
inventory. In a period of rising raw material prices, cost of sales expense recognized under LIFO
is generally higher than the cash costs incurred to acquire the inventory sold. However, in a
period of declining raw material prices, cost of sales recognized under LIFO is generally lower
than cash costs incurred to acquire the inventory sold.

     Availability of Energy Resources. 
We rely upon third parties for our supply of energy
resources consumed in the manufacture of our products. The prices for and availability of
electricity, natural gas, oil and other energy resources are subject to volatile market conditions.
These market conditions often are affected by political and economic factors beyond our control.
Disruptions in the supply of energy resources could temporarily impair the ability to manufacture
products for customers. Further, increases in energy costs, or changes in costs relative to energy
costs paid by competitors, has and may continue to adversely affect our profitability. To the
extent that these uncertainties cause suppliers and customers to be more cost sensitive, increased
energy prices may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

     Risks Associated with Environmental Matters. 
We are subject to various domestic and
international environmental laws and regulations that govern the discharge of pollutants, and
disposal of wastes, and which may require that we investigate and remediate the effects of the
release or disposal of materials at sites associated with past and present operations. We could
incur substantial cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third party property damage
or personal injury claims as a result of violations or liabilities under these laws or
non-compliance with environmental permits required at our facilities. We are currently involved in
the investigation and remediation of a number of our current and former sites as well as third
party sites. We also could be subject to future laws and regulations that govern greenhouse gas
emissions and various matters related to climate change, which could increase our operating costs.

10

Table of Contents

     With respect to proceedings brought under the federal Superfund laws, or similar state
statutes, we have been identified as a potentially responsible party (PRP) at approximately 39 of
such sites, excluding those at which we believe we have no future liability.
Our involvement is limited or de minimis at approximately 30 of these sites, and the potential
loss exposure with respect to any of the remaining 9 individual sites is not considered to be
material.

     We are a party to various cost-sharing arrangements with other PRPs at the sites. The terms of
the cost-sharing arrangements are subject to non-disclosure agreements as confidential information.
Nevertheless, the cost-sharing arrangements generally require all PRPs to post financial assurance
of the performance of the obligations or to pre-pay into an escrow or trust account their share of
anticipated site-related costs. In addition, the Federal government, through various agencies, is a
party to several such arrangements.

     We believe that we operate our businesses in compliance in all material respects with
applicable environmental laws and regulations. However, from time-to-time, we are a party to
lawsuits and other proceedings involving alleged violations of, or liabilities arising from
environmental laws. When our liability is probable and we can reasonably estimate our costs, we
record environmental liabilities in our financial statements. In many cases, we are not able to
determine whether we are liable, or if liability is probable, to reasonably estimate the loss or
range of loss. Estimates of our liability remain subject to additional uncertainties, including the
nature and extent of site contamination, available remediation alternatives, the extent of
corrective actions that may be required, and the participation number and financial condition of
other PRPs, as well as the extent of their responsibility for the remediation. We intend to adjust
our accruals to reflect new information as appropriate. Future adjustments could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations in a given period, but we cannot reliably predict the
amounts of such future adjustments. At December 31, 2010, our reserves for environmental matters
totaled approximately $16 million. Based on currently available information, we do not believe that
there is a reasonable possibility that a loss exceeding the amount already accrued for any of the
sites with which we are currently associated (either individually or in the aggregate) will be an
amount that would be material to a decision to buy or sell our securities. Future developments,
administrative actions or liabilities relating to environmental matters, however, could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

     Risks Associated with Current or Future Litigation and Claims. 
A number of lawsuits, claims
and proceedings have been or may be asserted against us relating to the conduct of our currently
and formerly owned businesses, including those pertaining to product liability, patent
infringement, commercial, government contracting work, employment, employee benefits, taxes,
environmental, health and safety and occupational disease, and stockholder matters. Due to the
uncertainties of litigation, we can give no assurance that we will prevail on all claims made
against us in the lawsuits that we currently face or that additional claims will not be made
against us in the future. While the outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and
some of these lawsuits, claims or proceedings may be determined adversely to us, we do not believe
that the disposition of any such pending matters is likely to have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition or liquidity, although the resolution in any reporting period of one or more of
these matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for that period.
Also, we can give no assurance that any other matters brought in the future will not have a
material effect on our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations.

     Labor Matters. 
We have approximately 9,200 full-time employees. A portion of our workforce is
covered by various collective bargaining agreements, principally with the United Steel, Paper and
Forestry, Rubber, Manufacturing, Energy, Allied Industrial and Service Workers International Union
(USW), including: approximately 2,475 Allegheny Ludlum production, office and maintenance
employees covered by collective bargaining agreements that are effective through June 2011,
approximately 185 Albany, Oregon (Oremet) employees covered by a collective bargaining
agreement that is effective through June 2011, approximately 525 Wah Chang employees covered by a
collective bargaining agreement that continues through March 2013, approximately 120 employees at
our Casting Service facility in LaPorte, Indiana, covered by a collective bargaining agreement that
is effective through December 2011, approximately 125 employees at our Precision Finishing
(formerly Rome Metals) facilities in western Pennsylvania, covered by a collective bargaining
agreement that is effective through May 2013, and approximately 200 employees at our Portland Forge
facility in Portland, Indiana, covered by collective bargaining agreements with three unions that
are effective through April 2013.

     Generally, collective bargaining agreements that expire may be terminated after notice by the
union. After termination, the union may authorize a strike. A strike by the employees covered by
one or more of the collective bargaining agreements could have a materially adverse affect on our
operating results. There can be no assurance that we will succeed in concluding collective
bargaining agreements with the unions to replace those that expire.

     Export Sales. 
We believe that export sales will continue to account for a significant
percentage of our future revenues. Risks associated with export sales include: political and
economic instability, including weak conditions in the world’s economies; accounts receivable
collection; export controls; changes in legal and regulatory requirements; policy changes affecting
the markets for our products; changes in tax laws and tariffs; trade duties; and exchange rate
fluctuations (which may affect sales to international customers and the value of profits earned on
export sales when converted into dollars). Any of these factors could materially adversely affect
our results for the period in which they occur.

     Risks Associated with Retirement Benefits. 
At December 31, 2010, our U.S. qualified defined
benefit plan was fully funded, and we are not required to make any contribution to this plan during
2011. However, we may be required to fund the U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan in the
years beyond 2011 depending upon the value of plan investments and obligations in the future and

11

Table of Contents

changes in laws or regulations that govern pension plan funding. Depending on the timing and
amount, a requirement that we fund our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan could have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

     Risks Associated with Acquisition and Disposition Strategies. 
We intend to continue to
strategically position our businesses in order to improve our ability to compete. Strategies we
employ to accomplish this may include seeking new or expanding existing specialty market niches for
our products, expanding our global presence, acquiring businesses complementary to existing
strengths and continually evaluating the performance and strategic fit of our existing business
units. From time-to-time, management holds discussions with management of other companies to
explore acquisition, joint ventures, and other business combination opportunities as well as
possible business unit dispositions. As a result, the relative makeup of the businesses comprising
our Company is subject to change. Acquisitions, joint ventures, and other business combinations
involve various inherent risks, such as: assessing accurately the value, strengths, weaknesses,
contingent and other liabilities and potential profitability of acquisition or other transaction
candidates; the potential loss of key personnel of an acquired business; our ability to achieve
identified financial and operating synergies anticipated to result from an acquisition or other
transaction; and unanticipated changes in business and economic conditions affecting an acquisition
or other transaction. International acquisitions and other transactions could be affected by export
controls, exchange rate fluctuations, domestic and foreign political conditions and a deterioration
in domestic and foreign economic conditions.

     Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.

     Insurance. 
We have maintained various forms of insurance, including insurance covering claims
related to our properties and risks associated with our operations. Our existing property and
liability insurance coverages contain exclusions and limitations on coverage. From time-to-time, in
connection with renewals of insurance, we have experienced additional exclusions and limitations on
coverage, larger self-insured retentions and deductibles and significantly higher premiums. As a
result, in the future our insurance coverage may not cover claims to the extent that it has in the
past and the costs that we incur to procure insurance may increase significantly, either of which
could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

     Political and Social Turmoil. 
The war on terrorism and recent political and social turmoil
could put pressure on economic conditions in the United States and worldwide. These political,
social and economic conditions could make it difficult for us, our suppliers and our customers to
forecast accurately and plan future business activities, and could adversely affect the financial
condition of our suppliers and customers and affect customer decisions as to the amount and timing
of purchases from us. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be materially adversely affected.

     Risks Associated with Government Contracts
. Some of our operating companies perform
contractual work directly for the U.S. Government. Various claims (whether based on U.S. Government
or Company audits and investigations or otherwise) could be asserted against us related to our U.S.
Government contract work. Depending on the circumstances and the outcome, such proceedings could
result in fines, penalties, compensatory and treble damages or the cancellation or suspension of
payments under one or more U.S. Government contracts. Under government regulations, a company, or
one or more of its operating divisions or units, can also be suspended or debarred from government
contracts based on the results of investigations. Currently, there is no material portion of our
business with the U.S. Government which might be subject to renegotiation of profits or termination
of contracts or subcontracts at the election of the U.S. Government.

Risks Associated With Our Pending Acquisition of Ladish Co., Inc. (Ladish)

     Combining the businesses of ATI and Ladish may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming
than expected, which may adversely affect our results and affect adversely the value of our stock
following the merger. 
We have entered into a merger agreement to acquire Ladish because we believe
that the acquisition will be beneficial to ATI and its stockholders. The success of the
acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from combining
the businesses of ATI and Ladish. To realize these anticipated benefits, we must successfully
combine the businesses of ATI and Ladish in an efficient and effective manner. If we are not able
to achieve these objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated benefits
and cost savings of the merger may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize
than expected, and the value of our common stock may be affected adversely.

     Specifically, issues that must be addressed in integrating the operations of Ladish into our
operations in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger include, among other things:

•

integrating and optimizing the utilization of the properties and equipment of ATI and
Ladish;

•

integrating the sales and information technology systems of ATI and Ladish; and

12

Table of Contents

•

conforming standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and
compensation structures between the companies.

     Integration efforts will also divert management attention and resources. An inability to
realize the full extent of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, as well as any delays
encountered in the integration process, could have an adverse effect upon the revenues, level of
our expenses and operating results, which may affect adversely the value of our common stock after
the completion of the acquisition.

     In addition, the actual integration may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, and the
anticipated benefits of the integration plan may not be realized. Actual synergies, if achieved at
all, may be lower than what we expect and may take longer to achieve than anticipated. If we are
not able to adequately address these challenges, we may be unable to successfully integrate
Ladish’s operations into ours, or to realize the anticipated benefits of the integration of the two
companies.

     Any delay in completing the acquisition of Ladish may substantially reduce the benefits that
we expect to be obtained from the acquisition. 

The acquisition of Ladish is subject to a number of conditions
beyond the control of ATI and Ladish that may prevent, delay or otherwise materially adversely
affect its completion. We cannot predict whether or when the conditions required to complete the
acquisition will be satisfied. Moreover, each of ATI and Ladish may terminate the
merger agreement if the acquisition is not consummated by June 30, 2011. Any delay in completing
the acquisition may materially adversely affect the synergies and other benefits that we expect to
achieve if the acquisition and the integration of the companies’ respective businesses are
completed within the expected timeframe.

     Our stock price and business may be adversely affected if the acquisition of Ladish is not
completed. 
If the acquisition is not completed, we will be required to pay certain costs incurred by us
relating to the acquisition, whether or not the acquisition is completed, such as fees and expenses
of our advisors, litigation related expenses and printing fees. Also, matters relating to the
acquisition may require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management, which
could otherwise have been devoted to other opportunities that may have been beneficial to us as an
independent company.

     In addition, we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets and from our
employees, customers, suppliers and other business partners. We are subject to litigation related
to the acquisition and could be subject to additional litigation related to any failure to complete
the merger, or to enforcement proceedings commenced against us to perform our obligations under the
merger agreement. If the acquisition is not completed, we cannot assure you that the risks
described above will not materialize and will not materially affect our business, financial results
and stock prices.