” included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The forward-looking statements contained herein are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although these forward-looking statements are believed to be true when made, they may ultimately prove to be incorrect. These statements are not guarantees of our future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations.

Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s names, abbreviations thereof, logos, and product and service designators are all either the registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names of Activision Blizzard, Inc. All other product or service names are the property of their respective owners. All dollar amounts referred to in, or contemplated by, this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to U.S. dollars, unless otherwise explicitly stated to the contrary.

3

Table of Contents

Item 1. BUSINESS

Overview

Activision Blizzard, Inc. is a leading global developer and publisher of interactive entertainment content and services. We develop and distribute content and services on video game consoles, personal computers (“PC”s), and mobile devices. We also operate esports leagues and offer digital advertising within some of our content. The terms “Activision Blizzard,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” are used to refer collectively to Activision Blizzard, Inc. and its subsidiaries. For a discussion of the history of the formation of our Company, including our year and form of incorporation, refer to 
Part I
, Item 
1
 “
Business
”
 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ende
d December 31, 
2019

.

Our Strategy and Vision

Our objective is to connect and engage the world through epic entertainment by continuing to be a worldwide leader in the development, publishing, and distribution of high-quality interactive entertainment content and services, as well as related media, that deliver engaging entertainment experiences on a year-round basis. In pursuit of this objective, we focus on three strategic pillars: expanding audience reach; deepening consumer engagement; and increasing player investment.

Expanding audience reach. 
Building on our strong established franchises and creating new franchises through compelling new content is at the core of our business. We endeavor to reach as many consumers as possible by offering our content on multiple platforms and delivering compelling experiences across multiple business models (e.g. premium, free-to-play, subscription-based, etc.).

Driving deep consumer engagement
. Our high-quality entertainment content not only expands our audience reach, but it also drives deep engagement with our franchises. We design our games, as well as related media, to provide a depth of content that keeps consumers engaged for a long period of time following a game’s release. In addition, our games are designed to provide players the ability to connect with each other socially within our franchise communities, thus delivering more value to our players and providing additional growth opportunities for our franchises.

Increasing player investment. 
Increasingly, our consumers are connected to our games online through consoles, PCs, and mobile devices. This allows us to offer additional digital player investment opportunities directly to our consumers on a year-round basis. In addition to purchasing full games or subscriptions, players can invest in our franchises by purchasing incremental in-game content (i.e. larger downloadable content or smaller content via microtransactions). These digital revenue streams tend to be more recurring and have relatively higher profit margins. Further, if executed properly, additional player investment can increase engagement, as it provides more frequent and incremental content for our players. In addition, we generate revenue through offering advertising within certain of our franchises, and we believe there are opportunities to grow new forms of player investment through esports and consumer products. We are still in the early stages of developing these new revenue streams.

Our Segments

Based upon our organizational structure, we conduct our business through three reportable segments, each of which is a leading global developer and publisher of interactive entertainment content and services based primarily on our internally developed intellectual properties.

(i) Activision Publishing, Inc.

Activision Publishing, Inc. (“Activision”) delivers content through both premium and free-to-play offerings and primarily generates revenue from full-game and in-game sales, as well as by licensing software to third-party or related-party companies that distribute Activision products. Activision’s key product franchise is Call of Duty
®
, a first-person action franchise. Activision also includes the activities of the Call of Duty League
TM
, a global professional esports league with city-based teams.

4

Table of Contents

(ii) Blizzard Entertainment, Inc.

Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. (“Blizzard”) delivers content through both premium and free-to-play offerings and primarily generates revenue from full-game and in-game sales, subscriptions, and by licensing software to third-party or related-party companies that distribute Blizzard products. Blizzard also maintains a proprietary online gaming service, Blizzard Battle.net
®
, which facilitates digital distribution of Blizzard content and selected Activision content, online social connectivity, and the creation of user-generated content. Blizzard’s key product franchises include: World of Warcraft
®
, a subscription-based massive multi-player online role-playing franchise; Hearthstone
®
, an online collectible card franchise based in the Warcraft universe; Diablo
®
, an action role-playing franchise; and Overwatch
®
, a team-based first-person action franchise. Blizzard also includes the activities of the Overwatch League
TM
, a global professional esports league with city-based teams.

(iii) King Digital Entertainment

King Digital Entertainment (“King”) delivers content primarily through free-to-play offerings and primarily generates revenue from in-game sales and in-game advertising on the mobile platform. King’s key product franchise is Candy Crush™, a “match three” franchise.

Other

We also engage in other businesses that do not represent reportable segments, including the Activision Blizzard Distribution (“Distribution”) business, which consists of operations in Europe that provide warehousing, logistics, and sales distribution services to third-party publishers of interactive entertainment software, our own publishing operations, and manufacturers of interactive entertainment hardware.

Impacts of the Global COVID-19 Pandemic

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus (“COVID-19”) emerged and has since extensively impacted global health and the economic environment. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization (“WHO”) characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic. In an effort to contain the spread of COVID-19, domestic and international governments around the world enacted various measures, including orders to close all businesses not deemed “essential,” quarantine orders for individuals to stay in their homes or places of residence, and to practice social distancing when engaging in essential activities. We anticipate that these actions and the ongoing global health crisis caused by COVID-19 will continue to negatively impact many business activities and financial markets across the globe.

During the COVID-19 pandemic, our business has experienced an increase in demand for certain of our products and services as a result of the stay-at-home orders enacted in various regions as players have more time to engage with our games. These trends contributed to strong full-game and in-game content sales for 
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare
®,
 which also benefited from the launch of 
Call of Duty: Warzone
TM
 in March. In addition, we saw further demand for 
World of Warcraft,
 including its in-game content, which also continued to benefit from the release of 
World of Warcraft Classic
 in August 2019. Beginning in the month of March, our business also experienced an increase in monthly active users for certain franchises. We have, however, seen a moderation in these trends since the stay-at-home orders were originally enacted earlier in 2020.

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and stay-at-home orders enacted in various regions, both the Overwatch League and the Call of Duty League pivoted all matches from their originally planned local homestand formats to online play and remote production for the remainder of the regular and postseason in order to keep players and fans safe while still delivering premium esports content to a global audience. Additionally, to support our Overwatch League and Call of Duty League team owners and ecosystems amid a challenging environment, which includes losing the ability to have live fan-attended home venue events, we have taken certain actions to support their short-term cash flow needs, adjusted our league operations to reduce operating costs and improve franchise terms, and made certain investments which have impacted our operating results in 2020. This impact was primarily in the Blizzard segment.

The sustainability of these trends and long-term implications to our business is dependent on future developments, including the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related length of its impact on the global economy, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. See Item 1A “
Risk Factors

” for additional details on risks and uncertainties regarding the impacts of the global COVID-19 pandemic on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, income, revenue, profitability, cash flows, liquidity, and stock price.

5

Table of Contents

In an effort to protect the health and safety of our employees, the majority of our workforce is currently working from home and we have placed restrictions on non-essential business travel. We have implemented business continuity plans and have increased support and resources to enable our employees to work remotely and, thus far, our business has been able to operate with minimal disruption to our game titles’ published release dates. The COVID-19 pandemic remains a rapidly evolving situation. We will continue to actively monitor the developments of the COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that could alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state, local, or foreign authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and shareholders. It is not clear what effects any such potential actions may have on our business, including the effects on our employees, players and consumers, customers, partners, game development and content pipelines, or on our reputation, financial condition, results of operations, income, revenue, profitability, cash flows, liquidity, or stock price.

The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, income, revenue, profitability, cash flows, liquidity, or stock price will depend on numerous evolving factors that we are not able to fully predict at this time. However, we believe that given our strong balance sheet, with cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $8.8 billion as of December 31, 2020, and the fact that our business has increasingly shifted to digital channels, we have substantial flexibility as we navigate through the uncertain environment and near-term implications of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Products

We develop interactive entertainment content and services, principally for console, PC, and mobile devices, and we market and sell our games primarily through digital distribution channels. Our products span various genres, including first- and third-person action/adventure, role-playing, strategy, and “match three,” among others. We primarily offer the following products and services:

•
premium full-games, which typically provide access to main game content after purchase;

•
free-to-play offerings, which allow players to download the game and engage with the associated content for free;

•
in-game content for purchase to enhance gameplay (i.e. microtransactions and downloadable content) available within both our full-games and free-to-play offerings; and

•
subscriptions for players in our World of Warcraft franchise that provide for ongoing access to the game content.

Providing additional content and experiences within franchises has increased opportunities for player investment outside of premium full-game purchases. This has allowed us to shift from our historical seasonality to a more consistently recurring and year-round revenue model. In addition, if executed properly, it allows us to increase player engagement with our games and content.

Product Development and Support

We focus on developing enduring wholly-owned franchises backed by well-designed, high-quality games with regular content updates. We aim to build interactive entertainment content with the potential for broad reach, sustainable engagement, and year-round player investment. It is our experience that enduring franchises then serve as the basis for related new products and content that can be released over an extended period of time. We believe that the development and distribution of products and content based on established franchises enhances predictability of revenues and the probability of high unit volume sales and operating profits. We intend to continue development of content based on our owned franchises in the future.

We develop and produce our titles using a model in which a group of creative, technical, and production professionals, including designers, producers, programmers, artists, and sound engineers, in coordination with our marketing, finance, analytics, sales, and other professionals, have responsibility for the entire development and production process, including the supervision and coordination of internal and, where appropriate, external resources. We believe this model allows us to deploy the best resources for a given task, including by supplementing our internal expertise with top-quality external resources on an as-needed basis.

While most of our content is developed by our internal studios, we periodically engage independent third-party developers to create content on our behalf. From time to time, we also acquire the license rights to publish and/or distribute software products that are, or will be, independently created by third-party developers.

6

Table of Contents

We provide various forms of product support. Central technology and development teams review, assess, and provide support to products throughout the development process. Quality assurance personnel are also involved throughout the development and production of published content. We subject all such content to extensive testing before public release to ensure compatibility with appropriate hardware systems and configurations and to minimize the number of bugs and other defects found in the products. To support our content, we generally provide 24-hour game support to players through various means, primarily online and by telephone.

Marketing, Sales, and Distribution

Many of our products contain software that enables us to connect with our gamers directly. This allows us to communicate and market directly to our customers, including through customized advertising and in-game messaging based on customer preferences and trends. Our marketing efforts also include activities on: online social networks; other online advertising; public relations activities; print and broadcast advertising; coordinated in-store and industry promotions (including merchandising and point of purchase displays); participation in cooperative advertising programs; direct response vehicles; and product sampling. From time to time, we also receive marketing support from hardware manufacturers, producers of consumer products related to a game, and retailers in connection with their own promotional efforts, as well as co-marketing from promotional partners.

Most of our products and content are available in a digital format, which allows consumers to purchase and download the content at their convenience directly to their console, PC, or mobile device through our platform partners, including Apple Inc. (“Apple”), Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”), Google Inc. (“Google”), Microsoft Corporation (“Microsoft”), Nintendo Co., Ltd. (“Nintendo”), and Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc. (“Sony”). Blizzard utilizes its proprietary online gaming service, Blizzard Battle.net, to distribute most of Blizzard’s content and selected Activision content directly to PC consumers.

In addition to serving as a distribution platform, Blizzard Battle.net offers players communications features, social networking, player matching, and digital content delivery and is designed to allow people to connect regardless of which of our games on Blizzard Battle.net they are playing.

Our physical products are available for sale in outlets around the world. These products are sold primarily on a direct basis to mass-market retailers (e.g., Target, Walmart), consumer electronics stores (e.g., Best Buy), discount warehouses, game specialty stores (e.g., GameStop), and other stores (e.g., Amazon), or through third-party distribution and licensing arrangements.

Manufacturing

We prepare master program copies for our products on each release platform. With respect to products for Microsoft, Sony, and Nintendo consoles, our disk duplication, packaging, printing, manufacturing, warehousing, assembly, and shipping are performed by third-party subcontractors or distribution facilities owned by us.

Microsoft, Sony, and Nintendo generally specify or control the manufacturing and assembly of finished products and license their hardware technologies to us. In return, we pay an applicable royalty per unit once the manufacturer fills the product order, even if the units do not ultimately sell. We deliver the master materials to the licensor or its approved replicator, who then manufactures the finished goods and delivers them to us for distribution under our label.

Significant Customers and Top Franchises

Customers

While the Company does sell directly to end consumers in certain instances, such as sales through Blizzard Battle.net, in other instances our customers are platform providers, such as Sony, Microsoft, Google, and Apple, or retailers, such as Walmart and GameStop, who act as distributors of our content to end consumers. For the year ended December 31, 2020, Sony, Apple, Google, and Microsoft were our most significant customers, with revenues of 17%, 15%, 14%, and 11%, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, Apple, Google, and Sony were our most significant customers, with revenues of 17%, 13%, and 11%, respectively, for 2019, and 15%, 11%, and 13%, respectively, for 2018. No other customer accounted for 10% or more of our net revenues in those periods.

We had two customers—Microsoft and Sony—who accounted for 28% and 21%, respectively, of consolidated gross receivables at December 31, 2020, and 11% and 18%, respectively, at December 31, 2019. No other customer accounted for 10% or more of our consolidated gross receivables in those periods.

7

Table of Contents

Top Franchises

For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, our top three franchises—Call of Duty, Candy Crush, and World of Warcraft—collectively accounted for 76%, 67%, and 58%, respectively, of our net revenues. No other franchise comprised 10% or more of our net revenues in those periods.

Competition

We compete for the leisure time and discretionary spending of consumers with other interactive entertainment companies and software competitors, as well as with providers of different forms of entertainment, such as film, television, social networking, music, and other consumer products.

The interactive entertainment industry is intensely competitive, and new interactive entertainment software products and platforms are regularly introduced. We believe that the main competitive factors in the interactive entertainment industry include: product features, game quality, and playability; brand name recognition; compatibility of products with popular platforms; access to distribution channels; online capability and functionality; ease of use; price of content; marketing support; and quality of customer service.

In addition to third-party software competitors, integrated video game console hardware and software companies, such as Microsoft, Sony, and Nintendo, compete directly with us in the development of software titles for their respective platforms, while at the same time act as key distribution channels and payment gateways for our products and services through their digital storefronts. Apple and Google are similarly positioned on mobile devices.

Intellectual Property

Like other interactive entertainment companies, our business is significantly dependent on the creation, acquisition, use and protection of intellectual property. Some of this intellectual property is in the form of copyrighted software code, patented technology, and other technology and trade secrets that we use to develop and run our games. Other intellectual property is in the form of copyrighted audio-visual elements that consumers can see, hear, and interact with when they are playing our games.

We develop a majority of our products based on wholly-owned intellectual properties, such as Call of Duty, World of Warcraft, and Candy Crush. In other cases, we obtain intellectual property through licenses and service agreements. Further, our products that play on consoles and mobile platforms include technology that is owned by the platform provider and is licensed non-exclusively to us for use in the relevant product. We also license technology from providers other than console manufacturers in developing our content and services. While we may have renewal rights for some licenses, our business is dependent on our ability to continue to obtain the intellectual property rights from the owners of these rights on reasonable terms and at reasonable rates.

We are actively engaged in enforcement of our copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret rights against potential infringers of those rights along with other protective activities, including monitoring online channels for distribution of pirated copies and participating in various enforcement initiatives, education programs, and legislative activity around the world. For our PC products, we use technological protection measures to prevent piracy and the use of unauthorized copies of our products. For other platforms, the platform providers typically incorporate technological protections and other security measures in their platforms to prevent the use of unlicensed products on those platforms.

Human Capital

We believe that our continued success and growth is directly related to our ability to attract, retain, and develop top talent. As of December 31, 2020, Activision Blizzard had approximately 9,500 employees, with approximately 65% in North America, approximately 30% in the Europe, Middle East, and Africa (“EMEA”) region, and approximately 5% in the Asia Pacific region. Of these employees, approximately 61% are personnel whose primary focus is on game and technology development, which represents an approximate three percentage point increase from 2019. Activision Blizzard takes an active role in the entirety of the employee lifecycle, from candidates to alumni. Recognizing that ours is a rapidly changing industry with constant technological innovation, we remain focused on attracting, recruiting, enabling, developing, and retaining a diverse and innovative employee population.

8

Table of Contents

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (“DE&I”)
: We believe that a culture of inclusion and diversity enables us to create, develop, and fully leverage the strengths of our workforce to exceed players' and fans' expectations and meet our growth objectives. We remain committed to building and sustaining a culture of belonging, built on equitable processes and systems, where everyone thrives. By embedding DE&I practices and programs in the full employee lifecycle, we work to recruit, attract, retain, and grow world-class talent. Our employee resource groups play an active role in our DE&I efforts by building community and awareness. We also offer leadership and management development opportunities on the topics of unconscious bias and inclusive leadership and train our recruiting workforce in diverse sourcing strategies.

Our Corporate Governance Principles and Policies provide that the initial list from which any new independent director nominee is chosen includes qualified female and racially/ethnically diverse candidates and, similarly, if we conduct an external search for a new CEO, that the initial list of external candidates includes qualified female and racially/ethnically diverse candidates. As of December 31, 2020, two of our ten directors were women. 

Additionally, we have been recognized for our efforts to create an inclusive workplace, including receiving the distinction for two consecutive years as a “Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality” by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s Corporate Equality Index. We are proud of these accolades because we believe that the most innovative work comes from a culture in which all employees can be, and bring, their authentic and best selves.

Compensation and Benefits
: The main objective of our compensation program is to provide a compensation package that attracts, retains, motivates, and rewards top-performing employees that operate in a highly competitive and technologically challenging environment. We seek to do this by linking compensation (including annual changes in compensation) to overall Company and business unit performance, as well as each individual’s contribution to the results achieved. The emphasis on overall Company performance is intended to align our employee’s financial interests with the interests of our shareholders. We also seek fairness in total compensation by reference to external comparisons, internal comparisons, and the relationship between development and non-development, as well as management and non-management, remuneration. We believe in equal pay for equal work, and we continue to make efforts across our global organization to promote equal pay practices. 

We are committed to providing comprehensive benefit options, and it is our intention to offer benefits that allow our employees and their families to live healthier and more secure lives. Some examples of our wide-ranging benefits offered are: medical insurance, prescription drug benefits, dental insurance, vision insurance, hospital indemnity insurance, accident insurance, critical illness insurance, life insurance, disability insurance, health savings accounts, and flexible spending accounts. We frequently upgrade our benefit portfolio by seeking out pioneer partners that give our employees modern benefit experiences. As an example, at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic when traditional medical services became under huge demand, in order to help ensure that our employees and their families had access to medical advice, we created an enterprise-wide global network of physicians. 

Talent Assessment and Development:
 Recognizing that ours is a rapidly changing industry with constant innovation, developing our diverse and innovative talent base is paramount, imperative, and vital to our business. We intend for our employees to have a clear understanding of their strengths and development opportunities, while fostering a collaborative and productive relationship between employees and their managers. Talent assessment and development are therefore critical aspects of our human capital programs. We employ a broad range of talent processes—for example, talent assessment, succession planning, and performance management. Our performance management process includes the establishment of goals (at the beginning of the year), and throughout the year we encourage regular check-ins on progress and performance so that employees have a clear understanding of their strengths and areas for improvement. We regularly assess employee contributions to our Company results and culture so that we can appropriately recognize and reward performance. Additionally, on an annual basis, we conduct an organizational and performance review process with our CEO and all segment, business unit, and function leaders, focusing on our high-performing and high-potential talent, diverse talent, and the performance and succession for our most critical roles.

Employee Experience:
 We capture and act on the voice of our employees through regular company-wide pulse surveys. We emphasize to employees that this is their chance to “provide honest, candid feedback about their experience working for the company.” Our survey participation rates (regularly 75% or higher) demonstrate our collective commitment that Activision Blizzard remains a great place to work. The survey—and other forms of employee feedback—result in actionable steps that lead to positive improvements to the employee experience at the company-wide, business unit, and team levels. Our employee feedback is dynamic and relevant to our employees’ immediate needs. For example, most recent surveys focused on whether our employees felt supported as they worked from home during the COVID-19 pandemic, and expectations of the employee population as we anticipate a return to the office.

9

Table of Contents

Information about our Executive Officers

Our executive officers and their biographical summaries are provided below:

Name

Age

Position

Robert A. Kotick

57

Chief Executive Officer of Activision Blizzard

Daniel Alegre

52

President and Chief Operating Officer of Activision Blizzard

Dennis Durkin

50

Chief Financial Officer of Activision Blizzard 

Claudine Naughton

52

Chief People Officer of Activision Blizzard

Christopher Walther

54

Chief Legal Officer of Activision Blizzard

Robert A. Kotick, Chief Executive Officer of Activision Blizzard

Robert A. Kotick, who serves as our Chief Executive Officer, has been a director of Activision Blizzard since February 1991, following his purchase of a significant interest in the Company, which was then on the verge of insolvency. Mr. Kotick was our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from February 1991 until July 2008, when he became our President and Chief Executive Officer. He served as our President from July 2008 until June 2017. Mr. Kotick is also a member of the board of directors of The Coca-Cola Company, a multinational beverage corporation, and the boards of trustees for The Center for Early Education and Harvard-Westlake School. He is also the Vice Chairman of the Board and Chairman of the Committee of trustees of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art. In addition, Mr. Kotick is the co-founder and co-Chairman of the Call of Duty Endowment, a nonprofit, public benefit corporation that seeks to help organizations that provide job placement and training services for veterans.

Daniel Alegre, President and Chief Operating Officer of Activision Blizzard

Daniel Alegre has served as our Chief Operating Officer since April 2020. Prior to joining the company, Mr. Alegre held a number of leadership positions at Google from 2004 to 2020, including serving as President of Global Retail and Shopping, where he led the initiatives to embed e-commerce across all Google product areas and to help diversify beyond advertising into the retail transactions business. Prior to that, Mr. Alegre was President of the Google’s Global and Strategic Partnerships organization, working across all of Google’s core business lines to create and foster key strategic relationships with some of the world’s largest partners. Mr. Alegre was also instrumental in Google’s international expansion, serving as President of Google’s Asia-Pacific and Japan businesses living in China, Singapore, and Tokyo and as Vice President of the Latin America business, overseeing a massive expansion in both regions. Prior to joining Google, Mr. Alegre was Vice President at Bertelsmann Media, running a division of BMG Music in Latin America as well as Partnerships of the Bertelsmann eCommerce Group in New York City. Mr. Alegre holds a B.A. degree from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University, as well as dual M.B.A. and J.D. degrees from Harvard Business School and Harvard Law School.

Dennis Durkin, Chief Financial Officer of Activision Blizzard 

Dennis Durkin has served as our Chief Financial Officer since January 2019. Mr. Durkin joined the Company in March 2012 as our Chief Financial Officer and served in that role until May 2017. He served as our Chief Corporate Officer from May 2017 until January 2019. Prior to joining the Company in 2012, Mr. Durkin held a number of positions of increasing responsibility at Microsoft, a computing software and hardware manufacturer, most recently serving as the Corporate Vice President and Chief Operating and Financial Officer of Microsoft’s interactive entertainment business, which included the Xbox console business. Prior to joining Microsoft’s interactive entertainment business in 2006, Mr. Durkin spent seven years on Microsoft’s corporate development and strategy team, including two years where he was based in London, England, driving pan-European activity. Before joining Microsoft, Mr. Durkin was a financial analyst at Alex. Brown and Company. Mr. Durkin holds a B.A. degree in government from Dartmouth College and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard University.

10

Table of Contents

Claudine Naughton, Chief People Officer of Activision Blizzard

Claudine Naughton has served as our Chief People Officer since August 2019. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Naughton held a number of positions of increasing responsibility within the human resources department of American International Group, Inc. from 1997 to 2018, including serving as the company's Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer. Prior to joining AIG, Ms. Naughton served as the Regional Manager and Director of Training for Fairways Golf Corporation. Ms. Naughton holds a B.A degree in political science from Stockton University.

Christopher Walther, Chief Legal Officer of Activision Blizzard

Christopher Walther has served as our Chief Legal Officer since November 2009 and served as our Secretary from February 2010 until February 2011. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Walther held a number of positions of increasing responsibility within the legal department of The Procter & Gamble Company from 1992 to 2009, including serving as the General Counsel for Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East, and Africa, General Counsel for Northeast Asia and, most recently, as General Counsel for Western Europe. Mr. Walther also led Procter & Gamble’s corporate and securities and mergers and acquisitions practices. Before joining Procter & Gamble, Mr. Walther served as a law clerk for Senior Judge Harry W. Wellford of the United States Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. Since 2012, Mr. Walther has served on the board of directors of the Alliance for Children’s Rights and currently serves as its co-chair. Mr. Walther has also served as our representative on the board of directors of the Entertainment Software Association since 2013 and on its executive committee. Mr. Walther holds a B.A. degree in history and Spanish from Centre College and a J.D. degree from the University of Kentucky College of Law.

Additional Financial Information

See the 
“Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates”

 section under Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for a discussion of our practices with regard to several working capital items. See the 
“Management’s Overview of Business Trends”

 under Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for a discussion of the impact of seasonality on our business. 

Available Information

Our website, located at https://www.activisionblizzard.com, allows free-of-charge access to our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those documents filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). The information found on our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this or any other report that we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).

Our SEC filings are also available to the public over the Internet at the SEC’s website at https://www.sec.gov.

11

Table of Contents



We wish to caution the reader that the following important risk factors, and those risk factors described elsewhere in this report or in our other filings with the SEC, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated in forward‑looking statements contained in this document and elsewhere. These risks are not presented in order of importance or probability of occurrence. Further, the risks described below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, income, revenue, profitability, cash flows, liquidity, or stock price.

We are unable to predict the full impact of the Global COVID-19 pandemic.

In December 2019, COVID-19 emerged and has since extensively impacted global health and the economic environment. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic. The full extent to which the global COVID-19 pandemic and its aftermath will impact our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, income, revenue, profitability, cash flows, liquidity, or stock price depends on numerous evolving factors that we are not able to fully predict, including: the duration and severity of the pandemic; the impact of the pandemic on the global economy; the impact of governmental, business and individual actions that have been and will continue to be taken in response to the pandemic; unintended consequences of actions we take, or have taken, in response to the pandemic; the impact of the pandemic on the health or productivity of our employees and external developers, including the ability to develop high-quality and well-received interactive software products and entertainment content and/or to release our products and content in a timely manner; the effects on the health, finances and discretionary spending patterns of our consumers, including the ability of our consumers to pay for our products and content; our ability to sell products at assumed prices; the financial impact and strain on the retail customers and distributors on whom we rely to sell our physical products to consumers; the financial impact and strain on platform providers for whose video game consoles and/or on whose networks certain of our products are exclusively available; the financial impact and strain on third-party mobile and web platforms that provide significant online distribution for, and/or provide other services critical for the operation of, a number of our games; the effects on our suppliers who manufacture our physical products; the effects on other third parties with which we partner (e.g., to market or ship our products); the effects on our lenders and financial counterparties; the effects on regulatory agencies around the world on which we rely; our ability to continue to develop our emerging businesses, such as advertising; increased volatility in foreign currency exchange rates; the impact of recent and potential upcoming or ongoing large-scale actions by local and federal governments and agencies or similar governing bodies in the U.S. and around the world, the U.S. Federal Reserve, and other central banks around the world, including the impact of any of these actions on the U.S. or world economy or global financial markets; and any other factor which results in disruptions or increased costs associated with the development, production, post-production, marketing and distribution of our products, and/or the digital advertising offered within our content. If the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has adverse effects in any one of these areas, our business may be negatively impacted. As in the case of COVID-19, the occurrence of other epidemics, medical emergencies, and other public health crises outside of our control could have a negative impact on our business. Additionally, in the case of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have seen increased demand for our products due to stay-at-home orders, the curtailment of certain other forms of entertainment, and other pandemic-related factors that make consumers more inclined to spend time at home, benefiting our financial results and operating metrics. The trends in 2020 for revenues, net income, and other financial results and operating metrics, may not be indicative of results for future periods, particularly if these pandemic-related factors become less significant.

Our professional esports leagues (i.e. the Overwatch League and the Call of Duty League) and the franchise teams that make up the leagues generate revenues from live in-person events. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in the cancellation of live in-person events and any continued health and safety concerns with large public gatherings may impact the ability of the teams in our leagues to hold future live in-person events. Prolonged COVID-19 risks could result in teams being unable or unwilling to pay their franchise fees to us or participate in our leagues going forward. This, in turn, could result in the loss of those future franchise fee payments, revenue from advertising, and other future potential league revenues or income, other benefits associated with our esports business, and/or the termination of our leagues. Also, we have provided, and may continue to provide, concessions to the owners of the teams as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Any one of these things could harm our business. Additionally, a prolonged impact of COVID-19 could heighten many of the risk factors included in this Annual Report filed on Form 10-K.

12

Table of Contents

Business and Industry Risks

If we do not consistently deliver popular, high‑quality content in a timely manner, if we are not successful in meaningfully expanding our franchises further on the mobile platform, or if consumers prefer products from our competitors, our business may be negatively impacted.

Consumer preferences for games are usually cyclical and difficult to predict. Even the most successful games can lose consumer audiences over time, and remaining popular is increasingly dependent on the games being refreshed with new content or other enhancements. In order to remain competitive and maximize the chances that consumers select our products as opposed to the various entertainment options available to them and with which we compete, we must continuously develop new products or new content for, or other enhancements to, our existing products. These products or enhancements may not be well‑received by consumers, even if well‑reviewed and of high quality. Our competitors include very large corporations with significantly greater financial, marketing and product development resources than we have and many smaller competitors, particularly on the mobile platform. Our larger competitors may be able to leverage their greater financial, technical, personnel, and other resources to provide larger budgets for development and marketing and make higher offers to licensors and developers for commercially desirable properties, as well as adopt more aggressive pricing policies to develop more commercially successful video game products than we do. Further, competitors may develop content that imitates or competes with our best‑selling games, potentially reducing our sales or our ability to charge the same prices we have historically charged for our products. These competing products may take a larger share of consumer spending than anticipated, which could cause product sales to fall below expectations. If we do not continue to develop consistently high‑quality and well‑received games or enhancements to those games, if our marketing fails to resonate with our consumers, if we are not successful in meaningfully expanding our franchises further on the mobile platform, or if consumers lose interest in a genre of games we produce, our revenues and profit margins could decline. In addition, our own best‑selling products could compete with our other games, reducing sales for those other games. Further, a failure by us to develop a high‑quality product, or our development of a product that is otherwise not well‑received, could potentially result in additional expenditures to respond to consumer demands, harm our reputation, and increase the likelihood that our future products will not be well‑received. The increased importance of downloadable content to our business amplifies these risks, as downloadable content for poorly‑received games typically generates lower‑than‑expected sales. The increased demand for consistent enhancements to our products also requires a greater allocation of financial resources to those products.

Additionally, consumer expectations regarding the quality, performance, and integrity of our products and services are high. Consumers may be critical of our brands, games, services, and/or business practices for a wide variety of reasons, and such negative reactions may not be foreseeable or within our control to manage effectively. For example, if our games or services, such as our proprietary online gaming service, do not function as consumers expect, whether because they fail to function as advertised or otherwise, our sales may suffer. The risk that this may occur is particularly pronounced with respect to our games with online features because they involve ongoing consumer expectations, which we may not be able to consistently satisfy. Our games with online features are also frequently updated, increasing the risk that a game may contain significant errors, or “bugs.” If any of these issues occur, consumers may stop playing the game and may be less likely to return to the game as often in the future, which may negatively impact our business.

Further, delays in product releases or disruptions following the commercial release of one or more new products could negatively impact our business and reputation and could cause our results of operations to be materially different from expectations. If we fail to release our products in a timely manner, or if we are unable to continue to extend the life of existing games by adding features and functionality that will encourage continued engagement with the game, our business may be negatively impacted.

Additionally, the amount of lead time and cost involved in the development of high‑quality products is increasing, and the longer the lead time involved in developing a product and the greater the allocation of financial resources to such product, the more critical it is that we accurately predict consumer demand for such product. If our future products do not achieve expected consumer acceptance or generate sufficient revenues upon introduction, we may not be able to recover the substantial up‑front development and marketing costs associated with those products.

13

Table of Contents

We depend on a relatively small number of franchises for a significant portion of our revenues and profits.

We follow a franchise model, and a significant portion of our revenues has historically been derived from products based on a relatively small number of popular franchises. These products are also responsible for a disproportionately high percentage of our profits. For example, in 2020, revenues associated with the Call of Duty, Candy Crush, and World of Warcraft franchises, collectively, accounted for approximately 76% of our net revenues—and a significantly higher percentage of our operating income. We expect that a relatively limited number of popular franchises will continue to produce a disproportionately high percentage of our revenues and profits. Due to this dependence on a limited number of franchises, the failure to achieve anticipated results by one or more products based on these franchises could negatively impact our business. Additionally, if the popularity of a franchise declines, as has happened in the past with other popular franchises, we may have to write off the unrecovered portion of the underlying intellectual property assets, which could negatively impact our business.

If we do not continue to attract, retain, and motivate skilled personnel, we will be unable to effectively conduct our business.

Our success depends significantly on our ability to identify, attract, hire, retain, motivate, and utilize the abilities of qualified personnel, including in some cases, external developers, particularly personnel with the specialized skills needed to create and sell the high‑quality, well‑received content upon which our business is substantially dependent. Our industry is generally characterized by a high level of employee mobility, competitive compensation programs, and aggressive recruiting among competitors for employees with technical, marketing, sales, engineering, product development, creative, and/or management skills. We may have difficulties in attracting and retaining skilled personnel or may incur significant costs to do so. If we are unable to attract additional qualified personnel or retain and utilize the services of key personnel, it could have a negative impact on our business.

Our industry is subject to rapid technological change, and if we do not adapt to, and appropriately allocate our resources among, emerging technologies and business models, our business may be negatively impacted.

Technology changes rapidly in the interactive entertainment industry. We must continually anticipate and adapt to emerging technologies, such as cloud-based game streaming, and business models, such as free-to-play and subscription-based access to a portfolio of interactive content, to stay competitive. Forecasting the financial impact of these changing technologies and business models is inherently uncertain and volatile. Supporting a new technology or business model may require partnering with a new platform, business, or technology partner, which may be on terms that are less favorable to us than those for traditional technologies or business models. If we invest in the development of interactive entertainment products for distribution channels that incorporate a new technology or business model that does not achieve significant commercial success, whether because of competition or otherwise, we may not recover the often substantial up-front costs of developing and marketing those products, or recover the opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources away from other products or opportunities. Further, our competitors may adapt to an emerging technology or business model more quickly or effectively than we do, creating products that are technologically superior to ours, more appealing to consumers, or both.

If, on the other hand, we elect not to pursue the development of products incorporating a new technology, or otherwise elect not to pursue new business models that achieve significant commercial success, it may have adverse consequences. It may take significant time and expenditures to shift product development resources to that technology or business model, and it may be more difficult to compete against existing products incorporating that technology or using that business model. 

The increasing importance of digital sales to our business exposes us to the risks of that business model, including greater competition.

The proportion of our revenues derived from digital distribution channels, as compared to traditional retail sales, continues to increase. The increased importance of digital channels in our industry increases our potential competition, as the minimum capital needed to produce and publish a digitally delivered game, particularly a game for a mobile platform, may be significantly less than that needed to produce and publish one that is purchased through retail distribution and is played on a game console or PC. Also, while digitally‑distributed products generally have higher profit margins than retail sales, as business shifts to digital distribution, the volume of orders from retailers for physical discs has been, and is expected to be, reduced. Further, some of the providers of the platforms through which we digitally distribute content are also publishers of their own content distributed on those platforms, and, therefore, a platform provider may give priority to its own products or those of our competitors.

14

Table of Contents

The importance of retail sales to our business exposes us to the risks of that business model.

While the proportion of our revenues derived from digital distribution channels, as compared to traditional retail sales, continues to increase, retail sales remain important to our business. Such sales are made primarily on a purchase order basis without long‑term agreements or other forms of commitments, and due to the increased proportion of our revenue from digital distribution channels, our retail customers and distributors have generally been reducing the levels of inventory they are willing to carry. The loss of, or significant reduction in sales to, any of Activision’s principal retail customers or distributors, including digital distributors, could have adverse consequences.

We may be unable to effectively manage the continued growth and the scope and complexity of our business, including our expansion into new business models that are untested and into adjacent business opportunities with large, established competitors.

We have experienced significant growth in the scope and complexity of our business, including through acquisitions and the development of our esports, advertising, and consumer products businesses. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to manage this expanded business and our aspirations for continued expansion and growth. We have dedicated resources both to new business models that are largely untested, as is the case with esports, and to adjacent business opportunities in which very large competitors have an established presence, as is the case with our advertising and consumer products businesses. We do not know to what extent our future expansions will be successful. Further, even if successful, our aspirations for growth in our core businesses and these adjacent businesses could create significant challenges for our management, operational, and financial resources. If not managed effectively, this growth could result in the over‑extension of our operating infrastructure, and our management systems, information technology systems, and internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support this growth. Failure by these new businesses or failure to adequately manage our growth in any of these ways may cause damage to our brand or otherwise negatively impact our core business. Further, the success of these new businesses is largely contingent on the success of our underlying franchises and as such, a decline in the popularity of a franchise may impact the success of the new businesses adjacent to that franchise. 

Due to our reliance on third‑party platforms, platform providers are frequently able to influence our products and costs.

Generally, when we develop interactive entertainment software products for hardware platforms offered by companies such as Sony and Microsoft, the physical products are replicated exclusively by that hardware manufacturer or their approved replicator. The agreements with these manufacturers include certain provisions, such as approval rights over all software products and related promotional materials and the ability to change the fee they charge for the manufacturing of products, which allow the hardware manufacturers substantial influence over the cost and the release schedule of such interactive entertainment software products. During a console transition, like the one that occurred in 2020, as described below, these manufacturers may seek to change the terms governing our relationships with them. In addition, because each of the manufacturers is also a publisher of games for its own hardware platforms and may manufacture products for other licensees, a manufacturer may give priority to its own products or those of our competitors. Accordingly, console manufacturers could cause unanticipated delays in the release of our products, as well as increases to projected development, manufacturing, marketing, or distribution costs, any of which could negatively impact our business.

Sony and Microsoft are also platform providers which control the networks over which consumers purchase digital products and services for their platforms and through which we provide online game capabilities for our products. The control that these platform providers have over consumer access to our games, the fee structures and/or retail pricing for products and services for their platforms and online networks and the terms and conditions under which we do business with them could impact the availability of our products or the volume of purchases of our products made over their networks and our profitability. The networks provided by these platform providers are the exclusive means of selling and distributing our content on these platforms. Further, increased competition for limited premium “digital shelf space” has placed the platform providers in an increasingly better position to negotiate favorable terms of sale. If the platform provider establishes terms that restrict our offerings on its platform, significantly alters the financial terms on which these products or services are offered, or does not approve the inclusion of content on its platform, our business could be negatively impacted. We also derive significant revenues from distribution on third‑party mobile and web platforms, such as the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, and Facebook, which are also our direct competitors and in some cases the exclusive means through which our content reaches gamers on those platforms, and most of the virtual currency we sell is purchased using these platform providers’ payment processing systems. These platforms also serve as significant online distribution platforms for, and/or provide other services critical for the operation of, a number of our games. If these platforms deny access to our games, modify their current discovery mechanisms, 

15

Table of Contents

communication channels available to developers, operating systems, terms of service, or other policies (including fees), our business could be negatively impacted. Additionally, if these platform providers are required to change how they label a game’s business model, such as free‑to‑play, or change how the personal information of consumers is made available to developers, our business could be negatively impacted. These platform providers or their services may be unavailable or may not function as intended or may experience issues with their in‑app purchasing functionality. As has sometimes happened in the past, if any of these events occurs on a prolonged, or even short‑term, basis or other similar issues arise that impact players’ ability to access our games, access social features, or make purchases, it may result in lost revenues and otherwise negatively impact our business.

Our business is highly dependent on the success and availability of video game consoles manufactured by third parties, as well as our ability to develop commercially successful products for these consoles.

We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from the sale of products for play on video game consoles manufactured by third parties, such as Sony’s PS4 and PS5, Microsoft’s Xbox One and Series X, and Nintendo’s Switch. Sales of products for consoles accounted for 34% of our consolidated net revenues in 2020. The success of our console business is driven in large part by our ability to accurately predict which consoles will be successful in the marketplace and our ability to develop commercially successful products for these consoles. We also rely on the availability of an adequate supply of these video game consoles and the continued support for these consoles by their manufacturers, including our ability to reach consumers via the online networks operated by these console manufacturers. If increased costs are not offset by higher revenues and other cost efficiencies, our business could be negatively impacted. If the consoles for which we develop new software products or modify existing products do not attain significant consumer acceptance, we may not be able to recover our development costs, which could be significant.

Sony and Microsoft each launched next‑generation consoles in 2020. We have released titles that operate on these consoles, and we may continue to develop games for these new console systems. When next-generation consoles are announced or introduced into the market, consumers have typically reduced their purchases of game console entertainment software products for prior-generation consoles in anticipation of purchasing a next-generation console and products for that console. During these periods, sales of the game console entertainment software products we publish may decline until new platforms achieve wide consumer adoption. Console transitions may have a comparable impact on sales of downloadable content, amplifying the impact on our revenues. This decline may not be offset by increased sales of products for the next-generation consoles. In addition, as console hardware moves through its life cycle, hardware manufacturers typically enact price reductions, and decreasing prices may put downward pressure on software prices. During console transitions, we may simultaneously incur costs both in continuing to develop, market, and operate titles for prior‑generation video game platforms, while also developing and supporting next‑generation platforms. As a result, our business and operating results may be more volatile and difficult to predict during console transitions than during other times.

The increasing importance of free‑to‑play games to our business exposes us to the risks of that business model, including the dependence on a relatively small number of consumers for a significant portion of revenues and profits from any given game.

We are increasingly dependent on our ability to develop, enhance, and monetize free‑to‑play games, such as the games in our Candy Crush franchise, 
Hearthstone, Call of Duty: Mobile, 
and
 Call of Duty: Warzone.
 As such, we are increasingly exposed to the risks of the free‑to‑play business model. For example, we may invest in the development of new free‑to‑play interactive entertainment products that do not achieve significant commercial success, in which case our revenues from those products likely will be lower than anticipated and we may not recover our development costs. Further, our business may be negatively impacted if: (1) we are unable to encourage new and existing consumers to purchase our virtual items; (2) we fail to offer monetization features that appeal to these consumers;(3) our platform providers make it more difficult or expensive for players to purchase our virtual items; (4) we cannot encourage significant additional consumers to purchase virtual items in our game and/or (5) our free-to-play releases reduce sales of our other games. 

16

Table of Contents

We may not realize the expected benefits of our recent restructuring actions, and implementation of such actions may negatively impact our business.

During 2019, we began implementing a plan aimed at refocusing our resources on our largest opportunities and removing unnecessary levels of complexity and duplication from certain parts of our business. While we believe this plan enables us to provide better opportunities for talent, and greater expertise and scale over the long term, our ability to achieve the desired and anticipated benefits from the plan is subject to many estimates and assumptions, and the actual savings and timing for those savings may vary materially based on factors such as local labor regulations, negotiations with third parties, and operational requirements. These estimates and assumptions are also subject to significant economic, competitive, and other uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. 

Additionally, there can be no assurance that our business will be more efficient or effective than prior to implementation of the plan. The implementation of the plan may be more costly than we anticipated or have other negative consequences, such as attrition beyond our planned reduction in workforce or negative impacts on employee morale and productivity, or on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees. Any of these consequences could negatively impact our business. In addition, there can be no assurance that additional plans will not be required or implemented in the future. 

We engage in strategic transactions and may encounter difficulties in integrating acquired businesses or otherwise realizing the anticipated benefits of these transactions.

As part of our business strategy, from time to time, we acquire, make investments in, or enter into strategic alliances and joint ventures with, complementary businesses. These transactions may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including: (1) in the case of an acquisition, (i) the potential for the acquired business to underperform relative to our expectations and the acquisition price, (ii) the potential for the acquired business to cause our financial results to differ from expectations in any given period, or over the longer‑term, (iii) unexpected tax consequences from the acquisition, or the tax treatment of the acquired business’s operations going forward, giving rise to incremental tax liabilities that are difficult to predict, (iv) difficulty in integrating the acquired business, its operations, and its employees in an efficient and effective manner, (v) any unknown liabilities or internal control deficiencies assumed as part of the acquisition, and (vi) the potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses; and (2) in the case of an investment, alliance, or joint venture, (i) our ability to cooperate with our partner, (ii) our partner having economic, business, or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours, and (iii) the potential that our partner may be unable to meet its economic or other obligations, which may require us to fulfill those obligations alone. Further, any such transaction may involve the risk that our senior management’s attention will be excessively diverted from our other operations, the risk that our industry does not evolve as anticipated, and that any intellectual property or personnel skills acquired do not prove to be those needed for our future success, and the risk that our strategic objectives, cost savings or other anticipated benefits are otherwise not achieved.

We are exposed to seasonality in the sale of our products.

The interactive entertainment industry is somewhat seasonal, with the highest levels of consumer demand occurring during the calendar year‑end holiday buying season. As a result, our sales, particularly for our Activision segment, receivables, and credit risk, are higher during the fourth quarter of the year, as consumers and retailers increase their purchases in anticipation of the holiday season. Delays in development, approvals or manufacturing could affect the release of products, causing us to miss key selling periods such as the year‑end holiday buying season, which could negatively impact our business.

Our business may be harmed if our distributors, retailers, development, and licensing partners, or other third parties with whom we are affiliated, act in ways that put our brand at risk.

In many cases, our business partners and other third party affiliates, which may include, among others, individuals or entities affiliated with the esports leagues we operate, are given access to sensitive and proprietary information or control over our intellectual property to provide services and support to our team. These third parties may misappropriate or misuse our information or intellectual property and engage in unauthorized use of it. Further, the failure of these third parties to provide adequate services and technologies or to adequately maintain or update their services and technologies could result in a disruption to our business operations or an adverse effect on our reputation and may negatively impact our business. At the same time, if the media, consumers, or employees raise any concerns about our actions vis-à-vis third parties including consumers who play our games, this could also damage our reputation or our business.

17

Table of Contents

We use open source software in connection with certain of our games and services, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software, products, and services in a manner that could have a negative impact on our business.

We use open source software in connection with some of the games and services we offer. Some open source software licenses require users who distribute open source software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software or make available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. The terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our use of the open source software. Were it determined that our use was not in compliance with a particular license, we may be required to release our proprietary source code, pay damages for breach of contract, re‑engineer our games or products, discontinue distribution in the event re‑engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis, or take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our game development efforts, any of which could negatively impact our business.

We are a global company and are subject to the risks and uncertainties of conducting business outside the U.S. 

We conduct business throughout the world, and we derive a substantial amount of our revenues and profits from international trade, particularly from Europe and Asia. We expect that international sales will continue to account for a significant portion of our total revenues and profits and, moreover, that sales in emerging markets in Asia and elsewhere will continue to be an important part of our international sales. As such, we are, and may be increasingly, subject to risks inherent in foreign trade generally, as well as risks inherent in doing business in non-U.S. markets, including increased tariffs and duties, compliance with economic sanctions, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, shipping delays, increases in transportation costs, international political, regulatory and economic developments, unexpected changes to laws, regulatory requirements, and enforcement on us and our platform partners and differing local business practices, all of which may impact profit margins or make it more difficult, if not impossible, for us to conduct business in foreign markets.

A deterioration in relations between either us or the United States and any country in which we have significant operations or sales, or the implementation of government regulations in the United States or such a country, could result in the adoption or expansion of trade restrictions, including economic sanctions or absolute prohibitions, that could have a negative impact on our business. For instance, to operate in China, all games must have regulatory approval. A decision by the Chinese government to revoke its approval for any of our games or to decline to approve any products we desire to sell in China in the future could have a negative impact on our business, as could delays in the approval process. Additionally, in the past, legislation has been implemented in China that has required modifications to our products and our business model to satisfy regulatory requirements. The future implementation of similar or new laws or regulations in China or any other country in which we have operations or sales may restrict or prohibit the sale of our products or may require engineering modifications to our products and our business model that are not cost‑effective, if even feasible at all, or could degrade the consumer experience to the point where consumers cease to purchase such products. Changes in Chinese game approval procedures in 2018 have resulted in reduced rates of approval for games and unclear approval timeframes, making it uncertain as to if and when our new products will be approved for release in China. Further, the continued enforcement of regulations relating to mobile and other games with an online element in China could have a negative impact on our business in China.

In addition, cultural differences may affect consumer preferences and limit the international popularity of games that are popular in the U.S. or require us to modify the content of the games or the method by which we charge our customers for the games to be successful. If we do not correctly assess consumer preferences in the countries in which we sell our products, it could negatively impact our business.

We are also subject to risks that our operations outside the United States could be conducted by our employees, contractors, third‑party partners, representatives, or agents in ways that violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Anti‑Bribery Act or other similar anti‑bribery laws, as well as the 2017 U.K. Criminal Finances Act or other similar financial crime laws. While we have policies, procedures, and training for our employees, intended to secure compliance with these laws, our employees, contractors, third‑party partners, representatives, or agents may take actions that violate our policies. Moreover, it may be more difficult to oversee the conduct of any such persons who are not our employees, potentially exposing us to greater risk from their actions.

18

Table of Contents

Our games may include undisclosed content or features. If our retailers refuse to sell such titles, or consumers refuse to purchase such titles, due to what they perceive to be objectionable undisclosed content, it could have a negative impact on our business.

Throughout the history of the interactive entertainment industry, many interactive software products have included hidden content and/or hidden gameplay features, some of which have been accessible through the use of in‑game codes or other technological means, that are intended to enhance the gameplay experience. In some cases, such undisclosed content or features have been considered to be objectionable. While publishers are required to disclose pertinent hidden content during the ESRB ratings process, in a few cases, publishers have failed to disclose hidden content, and the ESRB has required the recall of the game, changed the rating or associated content descriptors originally assigned to the product, required the publisher to change the game or game packaging and/or imposed fines on the publisher. Retailers have on occasion reacted to the discovery of such undisclosed content by removing these games from their shelves, refusing to sell them, and demanding that their publishers accept them as product returns. Likewise, some consumers have reacted to the revelation of undisclosed content by refusing to purchase such games, demanding refunds for games they have already purchased, refraining from buying other games published by the company whose game contained the objectionable material, and, on at least one occasion, filing a lawsuit against the publisher of the product containing such content.

We have implemented preventive measures designed to reduce the possibility of objectionable undisclosed content from appearing in the interactive software products we publish. Nonetheless, these preventive measures are subject to human error, circumvention, overriding, and reasonable resource constraints. If an interactive software product we publish is found to contain undisclosed content, we could be subject to any of these consequences.

Our results of operations or reputation may be harmed as a result of objectionable consumer- or other third party‑created content.

Certain of our games and esports broadcasts support collaborative online features that allow consumers to communicate with one another and post narrative comments, in real time, that are visible to other consumers. Additionally, certain of our games allow consumers to create and share “user‑generated content” that is visible to other consumers. From time to time, objectionable and offensive consumer content may be distributed within our games and on our broadcasts through these features or to gaming websites or other sites or forums with online chat features or that otherwise allow consumers to post comments. We may be subject to lawsuits, governmental regulation or restrictions, and consumer backlash (including decreased sales and harmed reputation), as a result of consumers posting offensive content. 

Additionally, we have begun to generate revenue through offering advertising within certain of our franchises and in connection with our esports broadcasts. The content of in‑game and esports broadcast advertisements is generally created and delivered by third‑party advertisers without our pre‑approval, and, as such, objectionable content may be published in our games or during our esports broadcasts by these advertisers. This objectionable third party‑created content may expose us to regulatory action or claims related to content, or otherwise negatively impact our business. We may also be subject to consumer backlash from comments made in response to postings we make on social media sites such as Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter.

19

Table of Contents

We depend on servers and networks to operate our games with online features and our proprietary online gaming service. If we were to lose functionality in any of these areas for any reason, our business may be negatively impacted.

Our business relies on the continuous operation of servers, some of which are owned and operated by third parties. Although we strive to maintain more than sufficient server capacity, and provide for active redundancy in the event of limited hardware failure, any broad‑based catastrophic server malfunction, a significant service‑disrupting attack or intrusion by hackers that circumvents security measures, a failure of disaster recovery service or the failure of a company on which we are relying for server capacity to provide that capacity for whatever reason would likely degrade or interrupt the functionality of our games with online features, and could prevent the operation of such games altogether, any of which could result in the loss of sales for, or in, such games. The risk is particularly pronounced with respect to: (1) the mobile games published by King, which rely on a small number of third‑party owned data centers located in one city; (2) the functioning of our proprietary online gaming service, Blizzard Battle.net, the disruption of which could prevent Blizzard from delivering content digitally or render all of Blizzard games, as well as selected Activision content for the PC platform, unavailable; and (3) the Company’s multiplayer game services, which rely on systems hosted in a hybrid of data centers across the world as well as cloud providers. Further, insufficient server capacity could affect our ability to provide game services, which could negatively impact our business. Conversely, if we overestimate the amount of server capacity required by our business, we may incur additional operating costs.

We also rely on platforms and networks operated by third parties, such as the PlayStation Network, Xbox Live, and Steam, for the sale and digital delivery of downloadable console and PC game content, the functionality of our games with online features. Similarly, we rely on those platforms and networks, as well as the continued operation of the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, and Facebook, for the sale of virtual currency and other services for our free‑to‑play games. An extended interruption to any of these services could adversely affect our ability to sell and distribute our digital products and operate our games with online features, which could result in a loss of revenue and otherwise negatively impact our business.

Any cybersecurity‑related attack, significant data breach, or disruption of the information technology systems or networks on which we rely could negatively impact our business.

In the course of our day‑to‑day business, we and third parties operating on our behalf create, store, and/or use commercially sensitive information, such as the source code and game assets for our interactive entertainment software products and sensitive and confidential information with respect to our customers, consumers, and employees. A malicious cybersecurity‑related attack, intrusion, or disruption by hackers (including through spyware, ransomware, viruses, phishing, denial of service, and similar attacks) or other breach of the systems on which such source code and assets, account information (including personal information), and other sensitive data is stored could lead to piracy of our software, fraudulent activity, disclosure, or misappropriation of, or access to, our customers’, consumers’, or employees’ personal information, or our own business data. Such incidents could also lead to product code‑base and game distribution platform exploitation, should undetected viruses, spyware, or other malware be inserted into our products, services, or networks, or systems used by our consumers. We have implemented cybersecurity programs and the tools, technologies, processes, and procedures intended to secure our data and systems, and prevent and detect unauthorized access to, or loss of, our data, or the data of our customers, consumers, or employees. However, because these cyberattacks may remain undetected for prolonged periods of time and the techniques used by criminal hackers and other third parties to breach systems change frequently, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. A data intrusion into a server for a game with online features or for our proprietary online gaming service could also disrupt the operation of such game or platform. If we are subject to cybersecurity breaches, or a security‑related incident that materially disrupts the availability of our products and services, we may have a loss in sales or subscriptions or be forced to pay damages or incur other costs, including from the implementation of additional cyber and physical security measures, or suffer reputational damage. Additionally, although we maintain insurance policies, they may be insufficient to reimburse the Company for all losses or all types of claims that may be caused by cyberbreaches or system or network disruptions, and it is uncertain whether we will be able to maintain our current level of coverage in the future. Moreover, if there were a public perception that our data protection measures are inadequate, whether or not the case, it could result in reputational damage and potential harm to our business relationships or the public perception of our business model. In addition, such cybersecurity breaches may subject us to legal claims or proceedings, like individual claims and regulatory investigations and actions, including fines, especially if there is loss, disclosure, or misappropriation of, or access to, our customers’ personal information or other sensitive information, or there is otherwise an intrusion into our customers’ privacy.

20

Table of Contents

Significant disruption during our live events may adversely affect our business.

We, as well as the teams in the esports leagues we operate, host numerous live events each year, many of which are attended by a large number of people. There are many risks that are inherent in large gatherings of people, including the risk of an actual or threatened terrorist act, fire, explosion, protests, and riots, and other safety or security issues, any one of which could result in injury or death to attendees and/or damage to the facilities at which such an event is hosted. While we maintain insurance policies, they may be insufficient to reimburse us for all losses or all types of claims that may be caused by such an event. Moreover, if there were a public perception that the safety or security measures are inadequate at the events we host or events hosted by teams in the esports leagues we operate, whether or not the case, it could result in reputational damage and a decline in future attendance at events hosted by us or those teams. Any one of these things could harm our business. 

Catastrophic events may disrupt our business.

Our corporate headquarters and our primary corporate data center are located in the Los Angeles, California area, which is near a major earthquake fault. A major earthquake or other catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or information technology systems, or otherwise prevents us from conducting our normal business operations, could require significant expenditures to resume operations and negatively impact our business. While we maintain insurance coverage for some of these events, the potential liabilities associated with such events could exceed the insurance coverage we maintain. Further, our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Any such event could also limit the ability of retailers, distributors, or our other customers to sell or distribute our products.

Provisions in our corporate documents and Delaware state law could delay or prevent a change of control.

Our Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws contain a provision regulating the ability of shareholders to bring matters for action before annual and special meetings. The regulations on shareholder action could make it more difficult for any person seeking to acquire control of the Company to obtain shareholder approval of actions that would support this effort. In addition, our Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of so‑called “blank check” preferred stock. This ability of our Board of Directors to issue and fix the rights and preferences of preferred stock could effectively dilute the interests of any person seeking control or otherwise make it more difficult to obtain control.

Regulatory and Legal Risks

We may be involved in legal proceedings that have a negative impact on our business.

From time to time, we are involved in claims, suits, investigations, audits, and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business, including with respect to intellectual property, competition and antitrust, regulatory, tax, privacy, labor and employment, compliance, unclaimed property, liability and personal injury, product damage, collection, and/or commercial matters. In addition, negative consumer sentiment about our business practices may result in inquiries or investigations from regulatory agencies and consumer groups, as well as litigation.

Claims, suits, investigations, audits, and proceedings are inherently difficult to predict, and their results are subject to significant uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. Regardless of the outcome, such legal proceedings can have a negative impact on us due to reputational harm, legal costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. It is also possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in substantial settlements, judgments, fines or penalties, injunctions, criminal sanctions, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, requiring us to change our development process or other business practices.

There is also inherent uncertainty in determining reserves for these matters. Significant judgment is required in the analysis of these matters, including assessing the probability of potential outcomes and determining whether a potential exposure can be reasonably estimated. In making these determinations, we, in consultation with outside counsel, examine the relevant facts and circumstances on a quarterly basis assuming, as applicable, a combination of settlement and litigated outcomes and strategies. Further, it may take time to develop factors on which reasonable judgments and estimates can be based. 

21

Table of Contents

We regard our software as proprietary and rely on a variety of methods, including a combination of copyright, patent, trademark, and trade secret laws, and employee and third‑party non‑disclosure agreements, to protect our proprietary rights. We own or license various copyrights, patents, trademarks, and trade secrets. The process of registering and protecting these rights in various jurisdictions is expensive and time‑consuming. Further, we are aware that some unauthorized copying and piracy occurs, and if a significantly greater amount of unauthorized copying or piracy of our software products were to occur, it could negatively impact our business. We also cannot be certain that existing intellectual property laws will provide adequate protection for our products in connection with emerging technologies or that we will be able to effectively protect our intellectual property through litigation and other means.

Our business, products, and distribution are subject to increasing regulation in key territories. If we do not successfully respond to these regulations, our business could be negatively impacted.

The video game industry continues to evolve, and new and innovative business opportunities are often subject to new attempts at regulation. As such, legislation is continually being introduced, and litigation and regulatory enforcement actions are taking place, that may affect the way in which we, and other industry participants, may offer content and features, and distribute and advertise our products. These laws, regulations, and investigations are related to protection of minors, gambling, screen time, business models, consumer privacy, accessibility, advertising, taxation, payments, intellectual property, distribution, and antitrust, among others.

For example, many foreign countries have laws that permit governmental entities to restrict or prohibit marketing or distribution of interactive entertainment software products because of the content therein (and similar legislation has been introduced at one time or another at the federal and state levels in the United States, including legislation that attempts to impose additional taxes based on content). In addition, certain jurisdictions have laws that restrict or prohibit marketing or distribution of interactive entertainment software products with random digital item mechanics, which some of our online games and services include, or subject such products to additional regulation and oversight, such as reporting to regulators. Certain jurisdictions also have laws that restrict or prohibit certain types of esports tournaments. We also sometimes offer consumers of our online and casual games various types of contests and promotional opportunities. We are subject to laws in a number of jurisdictions concerning the operation and offering of tournaments and games, many of which are still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. Further, the growth and development of electronic commerce, virtual items, and currency may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws that may impose additional burdens or limitations on operations of companies such as ours conducting business through the Internet and mobile devices, including related to screen time. Also, existing laws or new laws regarding the marketing of in‑app purchases, regulation of currency, banking institutions, unclaimed property, and money laundering may be interpreted to cover virtual currency or goods. Additionally, laws may limit or prevent the auto-renewal of contracts and subscriptions. Further, the European Commission has recently imposed a large antitrust fine on a number of other game publishers who had been geoblocking certain EU countries. In addition, in 2019 the World Health Organization included “gaming disorder” in the 11th Revision of the International Classification of Diseases (ICD-11), leading some countries to consider legislation and policies aimed at addressing this issue. Moreover, the public dialogue concerning interactive entertainment may have an adverse impact on our reputation and consumers’ willingness to purchase our products.

The adoption and enforcement of legislation that restricts the marketing, content, business model, or sales of our products in countries in which we do business may harm the sales of our products, as the products we are able to offer to our customers and the size of the potential audience for our products may be limited. We may be required to modify certain product development processes or products or alter our marketing strategies to comply with regulations, which could be costly or delay the release of our products. In addition, the laws and regulations affecting our products vary by territory and may be inconsistent with one another, imposing conflicting or uncertain restrictions. Failure to comply with any applicable legislation may also result in government‑imposed fines or other penalties, as well as harm to our reputation. 

22

Table of Contents

Change in government regulations relating to the Internet could negatively impact our business.

We rely on our consumers’ access to significant levels of Internet bandwidth for the sale and digital delivery of our content and the functionality of our games with online features. Changes in laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity, or use of the Internet, including laws impacting “net neutrality” or the availability of bandwidth could impair our consumers’ online video game experiences, decrease the demand for our products and services or increase our cost of doing business. Although certain jurisdictions have implemented laws and regulations intended to prevent Internet service providers from discriminating against particular types of legal traffic on their networks, other jurisdictions may lack such laws and regulations or repeal existing laws or regulations. For example, in December 2017, the Federal Communications Commission voted to repeal net neutrality regulations in the U.S. and, following that decision, several states enacted net neutrality regulations. Given uncertainty around these rules relating to the Internet, including changing interpretations, amendments, or repeal of those rules, coupled with the potentially significant political and economic power of local Internet service providers and the relatively significant level of Internet bandwidth access our products and services require, we could experience discriminatory or anti‑competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expenses, or otherwise negatively impact our business.

The laws and regulations concerning data privacy are continually evolving. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could harm our business.

Consumers play certain of our games online using our own distribution platforms, including Blizzard Battle.net, third‑party platforms and networks, through online social platforms, and on mobile devices. We collect and store information about our consumers, including consumers who play these games. In addition, we collect and store information about our employees. We are subject to laws from a variety of jurisdictions regarding privacy and the protection of this information, including the E.U.’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, which regulates the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information from children under 13 years of age, and the California Consumer Privacy Act, among others. Failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations may increase our costs, subject us to expensive and distracting government investigations, result in substantial fines, or result in lawsuits and claims against us to the extent these laws include a private right of action.

Data privacy protection laws are rapidly changing and likely will continue to do so for the foreseeable future and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. For example, the E.U. has traditionally taken a broader view than the United States and certain other jurisdictions as to what is considered personal information and has imposed greater obligations under data privacy and protection regulations, including those imposed under the GDPR. The U.S. government, including the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Commerce, as well as various U.S. state governments, are continuing to review the need for greater regulation over the collection, sharing, use, or sale of personal information and information about consumer behavior on the Internet and on mobile devices. Complying with emerging and changing laws could require us to incur substantial costs or impact our approach to operating and marketing our games. Due to the rapidly changing nature of these data privacy protection laws, there is not always clear guidance from the respective governments and regulators regarding the interpretation of the law, which may create the risk of an inadvertent violation. Various government and consumer agencies worldwide have also called for new regulation and changes in industry practices. In addition, in some cases, we are dependent upon our platform providers and external data processors to assist us in ensuring compliance with these various types of regulations, and a violation by one of these third parties may also subject us to government investigations and result in substantial fines.

Player interaction with our games is subject to our privacy policies, end user license agreements (“EULAs”), and terms of service. If we fail to comply with our posted privacy policies, EULAs, or terms of service, or if we fail to comply with existing privacy‑related or data protection laws and regulations, it could result in proceedings or litigation against us by governmental authorities or others, which could result in fines or judgments against us, damage our reputation, impact our financial condition, and harm our business. If regulators, the media, consumers, or employees raise any concerns about our privacy and data protection or consumer protection practices, even if unfounded, this could also result in fines or judgments against us, damage our reputation, negatively impact our financial condition, or damage our business.

23

Table of Contents

Our games are subject to scrutiny regarding the appropriateness of their content. If we fail to receive our target ratings for certain titles, or if our retailers refuse to sell such titles due to what they perceive to be objectionable content, it could have a negative impact on our business.

Our console and PC games are subject to ratings by the Entertainment Software Rating Board (the “ESRB”), a self‑regulatory body based in the U.S. that provides U.S. and Canadian consumers of interactive entertainment software with ratings information, including information on the content in such software, such as violence, nudity, or sexual content, along with an assessment of the suitability of the content for certain age groups. Certain other countries have also established content rating systems as prerequisites for product sales in those countries. In addition, certain stores use other ratings systems, such as Apple’s use of its proprietary “App Rating System” and Google Play’s use of the International Age Rating Coalition (“IARC”) rating system. If we are unable to obtain the ratings we have targeted for our products, it could have a negative impact on our business. In some instances, we may be required to modify our products to meet the requirements of the rating systems, which could delay or disrupt the release of any given product or may prevent its sale altogether in certain territories. Further, if one of our games is “re‑rated” for any reason, a ratings organization could require corrective actions, which could include a recall, retailers could refuse to sell it and demand that we accept the return of any unsold or returned copies or consumers could demand a refund for copies previously purchased.

Additionally, retailers may decline to sell interactive entertainment software containing what they judge to be graphic violence or sexually explicit material or other content that they deem inappropriate for their businesses, whether because a product received a certain rating by the ESRB or other content rating system, or otherwise. If retailers decline to sell our products based upon their opinion that they contain objectionable themes, graphic violence or sexually explicit material, or other generally objectionable content, we might be required to modify particular titles or forfeit the revenue opportunity of selling such titles with that retailer.

Financial and Economic Risks

Changes in tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities could negatively impact our business.

Our income tax liability and effective tax rate could be adversely affected by a variety of factors, including changes in our business, the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in tax laws or tax rulings, changes in interpretations of existing laws, or developments in tax examinations or investigations. Any of these factors could have a negative impact on our business or require us to change the manner in which we operate our business. The tax regimes we are subject to, or operate under, are unsettled and may be subject to significant change. Furthermore, tax authorities may choose to examine or investigate our tax reporting or tax liability, including under transfer pricing or permanent establishment theories. These proceedings may lead to adjustments or proposed adjustments to our income taxes or provisions for uncertain tax positions.

Additionally, a number of countries are actively pursuing fundamental changes to the tax laws applicable to multinational companies like us, including an increasing number that have enacted, or are considering enacting, revenue-based taxes on digital services. These digital services taxes target various business activities, including online advertising and, in some cases, video game sales. While the scope and applicability of these taxes often remains unclear, digital services taxes that ultimately apply to us could have an adverse impact on our business.

Fluctuations in currency exchange rates could negatively impact our business.

We transact business in various currencies other than the U.S. dollar and have significant international sales and expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, subjecting us to currency exchange rate risks. A substantial portion of our international sales and expenses are denominated in local currencies, which could fluctuate against the U.S. dollar. Since we have significant international sales but incur the majority of our costs in the United States, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, particularly the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, may have an asymmetric and disproportional impact on our business. We have, in the past, utilized currency derivative contracts to hedge certain foreign exchange exposures and managed these exposures with natural offsets. However, there can be no assurance that we will continue our hedging programs, or that we will be successful in managing exposure to currency exchange rate risks whether or not we do so.

24

Table of Contents

Our reported financial results could be significantly impacted by changes in financial accounting standards or by the application of existing or future accounting standards to our business as it evolves.

Our reported financial results are impacted by the accounting policies promulgated by the SEC and national accounting standards bodies and the methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies. Policies affecting revenue recognition have affected, and could further significantly affect, the way we report revenues related to our products and services. We recognize a majority of the revenues from video games that include an online service on a deferred basis over an estimated service period for such games. In addition, we defer the cost of revenues of those products. Further, as we increase our downloadable content and add new features to our online services, our estimate of the service period may change, and we could be required to recognize revenues, and defer related costs, over a shorter or longer period of time. As we enhance, expand, and diversify our business and product offerings, the application of existing or future financial accounting standards, particularly those relating to the way we account for revenues and income taxes, could have a significant impact on our reported net revenues, net income and earnings per share under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States in any given period.

The insolvency or business failure of any of our business partners could negatively impact us.

Our sales, whether digital or retail, are concentrated in a small number of large customers, which makes us more vulnerable to collection risk if one or more of these large customers becomes unable to pay for our products or seeks protection under the bankruptcy laws. Retailers and distributors in the interactive entertainment industry have from time to time experienced significant fluctuations in their businesses and a number of them have failed. Challenging economic conditions may impair the ability of our customers to pay for products they have purchased and, as a result, our reserves for doubtful accounts and write‑off of accounts receivable could increase and, even if increased, may turn out to be insufficient. While we have insurance to protect against a customer’s bankruptcy, insolvency, or liquidation, this insurance typically contains a significant deductible and co‑payment obligation and does not cover all instances of non‑payment. Further, a payment default or the insolvency or business failure of, other types of business partners could result in disruptions to the manufacturing or distribution of our products or the cancellation of contractual arrangements that we consider to be favorable, and could negatively impact our business. In addition, having such a large portion of our total net revenues concentrated in a few customers reduces our negotiating leverage with these customers.

Because our products and services are discretionary spending, if general economic conditions decline, demand for our products could decline.

Purchases of our products and services involve discretionary spending on the part of consumers. Consumers are generally more willing to make discretionary purchases, including purchases of products and services like ours, during periods in which favorable economic conditions prevail. As a result, our products are sensitive to general economic conditions and economic cycles. A reduction or shift in domestic or international consumer spending could result in an increase in our selling and promotional expenses, in an effort to offset that reduction, and could negatively impact our business.

25

Table of Contents