Our operations involve various risks that could have adverse consequences, including those described below. This Item 1A. includes forward-looking statements. You should refer to our discussion of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K.

Risks related to investments through acquisitions, construction, development, and joint ventures

Development, redevelopment and construction risks could affect our profitability. 
We intend to continue to develop and redevelop apartment communities. These activities can include long planning and entitlement timelines and can involve complex and costly activities, including significant environmental remediation or construction work in high-density urban areas. These activities may expose us to the following risks, among others:

•
we have recently abandoned, and may in the future abandon, opportunities that we have already begun to explore for a number of reasons, including changes in local market conditions or increases in construction or financing costs or we may impair land held for development, and as a result, we may fail to recover expenses already incurred in exploring those opportunities;

•
occupancy rates and rents at a community may fail to meet our original expectations for a number of reasons, including changes in market and economic conditions beyond our control and the development by competitors of competing communities;

•
we may be unable to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, occupancy or other required governmental or third party permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs, or the delay or abandonment of opportunities;

•
we may incur costs that exceed our original estimates due to increased material, labor or other costs or supply chain disruptions, including as a result of tariffs or changes in immigration laws or their enforcement, which could impact our overall return from our development, redevelopment or construction activity;

•
we may be unable to complete construction of a community on schedule or for the originally projected cost resulting in increased construction and financing costs;

•
we may incur liabilities to third parties during the development process, for example, in connection with managing existing improvements on the site prior to tenant terminations and demolition (such as commercial space) or in connection with providing services to third parties (such as the construction of shared infrastructure or other improvements); and 

•
we may incur liability if our communities are not constructed in compliance with the accessibility provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Acts, the Fair Housing Act or other federal, state or local requirements. Noncompliance could result in imposition of fines, an award of damages to private litigants and a requirement that we undertake structural modifications to remedy the noncompliance.

Refer to our "Risks related to liquidity and financing" section below for additional construction and development risks related to financing. 

Attractive investment opportunities may not be available, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
We expect that other real estate investors, including insurance companies, pension and investment funds, other REITs and other well-capitalized investors, will compete with us to acquire existing properties and to develop new properties. This competition could increase prices for properties of the type we would likely pursue and adversely affect our profitability for new investments.

Acquisitions may not yield anticipated results. 
Our business strategy of acquiring communities involves the following risks, among others: (i) acquisitions may not perform as we expected; (ii) our estimate of the costs of operating, repositioning or redeveloping an acquisition may be inaccurate; and (iii) acquisitions may subject us to unknown liabilities.

Failure to succeed in new markets, or with new brands and community formats, or in activities other than the development, ownership and operation of residential rental communities may have adverse consequences. 
We have engaged, and may continue from time to time to engage in development, acquisition and operating activity outside of our pre-existing market areas. Our historical experience in our existing markets in developing, owning and operating rental communities does not ensure that we will be able to operate successfully in new markets. We may be exposed to a variety of risks when we enter a new market, including an inability to accurately evaluate local apartment market conditions and an inability to obtain land for development or to identify appropriate acquisition opportunities. In order to more rapidly expand in our new markets, we have relied on third party developers to source and manage developments and on third party general contractors to manage construction more than we have in our existing markets. Relying on third parties to assist with and/or oversee development and 

9 

Table of Contents

construction creates additional and different risks than when we manage these activities directly, including that the third party may not perform to our standards, may breach contractual arrangements, or may incur liquidity constraints.

We also may engage or have an interest in for-sale activity, such as the sale of our remaining residential condominium at The Park Loggia, a mixed-use development located in New York, New York. We may be unsuccessful at developing real estate with the intent to sell or in selling condominiums at originally underwritten values, or at all, as a disposition strategy for an asset, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

We provide, through our internally operated shared service center, various back-office, financial administrative support services to a third party for a fee, and we may in the future provide such services to other third parties. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in providing such services, and the provision of such services creates additional sources of risk and potential liability for us with respect to the professional commitments and service levels we undertake when providing such services.

We are exposed to risks associated with investment in technology and environmentally focused venture funds and companies. 
We have invested in, and may in the future invest in, venture funds that invest in companies seeking innovation through new processes and the application of technology to property operations, development, construction and energy management. We have also invested directly in, and may in the future invest directly in, companies that engage in these activities. While such investments give us a greater understanding of new and emerging technologies, such investments involve risks, including the possibility that our investments will decline substantially in value.

Our investments in technology companies, or in funds that invest in technology companies, are generally held through TRSs pursuant to which we will incur taxable gains upon the disposition of our interests. In addition, the value of these investments may be volatile and declines in value may impact our reported income even if we do not sell the investment.

We are exposed to risks associated with investment in, and management of, joint ventures. 
At times we invest directly and indirectly in real estate as a partner or a co-venturer with other investors. Joint venture investments (including investments through partnerships or limited liability companies) involve risks, including the possibility that our partner might become insolvent or otherwise refuse to make capital contributions when due; that we may be responsible to our partner for indemnifiable losses or the debt and obligations of an investment; that our investments may lose all or some of their value; that our partner might have business goals that are inconsistent with ours which may result in the venture or investment being unable to implement certain decisions that we consider beneficial; that our partner may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our instructions or requests; that, in cases where we are the general partner or managing member, our partners holding a majority of the equity interests may remove us from such role in certain cases involving cause; and that we may be liable and/or our status as a REIT may be jeopardized if either the investments, or the REIT entities associated with the investments, fail to comply with various tax or other regulatory matters. Frequently, we and our partner may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell or similar arrangement that could cause us to sell our interest, acquire our partner's interest or force a sale of the asset, which could occur at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction or on terms that are not most advantageous to us.

Mezzanine debt and preferred equity investments could cause us to incur expenses, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
We make mezzanine loans to borrowers and obtain preferred equity interests in projects owned by third party sponsors as part of our SIP. Some of these instruments may have some recourse to their borrower or sponsor, while others are limited to the collateral securing the loan or the right to remove the sponsor as manager of the venture in preferred equity investments. In the event of a default under these obligations, we may elect to take possession of the collateral securing these interests, or remove a sponsor from management of a preferred equity investment. Borrowers of mezzanine loans may contest our enforcement actions, including foreclosure, assignment in lieu of foreclosure, or other remedies, and sponsors may contest our removal actions. In addition, borrowers and sponsors may seek bankruptcy protection against such enforcement and/or bring claims for lender liability in response to actions to enforce their obligations to us. Declines in the value of the underlying properties may prevent us from realizing an amount equal to our investment upon foreclosure or other remedies even if we make substantial improvements or repairs to maximize such properties' investment potential. 

We cannot be certain that our estimate of future credit losses will be adequate over time because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy or events adversely affecting specific properties, assets, tenants, borrowers, industries in which our tenants and borrowers operate or markets in which our tenants and borrowers or their properties are located. The ultimate resolutions may differ from our expectation, and we could suffer losses that would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance, the trading price of our securities and our ability to pay dividends and distributions.

10 

Table of Contents

We are exposed to risks associated with real estate assets that are subject to ground leases that may restrict our ability to finance, sell or otherwise transfer our interests in those assets, limit our use and expose us to loss if such agreements are breached by us or terminated. 
We own assets that are subject to long-term ground leases. These ground leases may impose limitations on our use or improvement of the properties, restrict our ability to finance, sell or otherwise transfer our interests or restrict the leasing of the properties. These restrictions may limit our ability to timely sell or exchange the properties, impair the properties’ value or negatively impact our ability to operate the properties. In addition, we could lose our interests in the properties if the ground leases are breached by us, terminated or lapse. As we get closer to the lease termination dates, the values of the properties could decrease if we are unable to agree upon an extension of the lease with the lessor. Certain of these ground leases have payments subject to annual escalations and/or periodic fair market value adjustments which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.

Land we hold with no current intent to develop may be subject to future impairment charges. 
We own land parcels that we do not currently intend to develop. As discussed in Item 2. "Properties—Other Land and Real Estate Assets," in the event that the fair market value, less the cost to dispose of a parcel, changes such that it is less than the carrying basis of the parcel, we would be subject to an impairment charge, which would reduce our net income.

Our various technology-related initiatives to improve our operating margins and customer experience may fail to perform as expected and may expose us to additional risks. 
We have developed and may continue to develop initiatives that are intended to serve our customers better and operate more efficiently, including "smart home" technology; use of AI in correspondence with prospective, current and prior residents; and self-service options that are accessible to residents through smart devices or otherwise. Such initiatives have involved and may continue to involve our employees having new or different responsibilities and processes. We may incur significant costs and divert resources in connection with such initiatives, and these initiatives may not perform as expected, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Furthermore, future regulations could impose restrictions on the use of these technologies or require us to implement costly compliance measures. Competition from companies employing technology-related initiatives more effectively could also negatively impact our business. Finally, public perception of new technologies (including AI), such as concerns about data privacy and algorithmic bias, could affect customer acceptance of technology-driven services, which could harm our reputation and business.

Risks related to liquidity and financing

Capital and credit market conditions may adversely affect our access to various sources of capital and/or the cost of capital, which could impact our business activities, dividends, earnings and common stock price, among other things. 
In periods when the capital and credit markets experience significant volatility, the amounts, sources and cost of capital available to us may be adversely affected. We use external financing as one source of capital to fund construction and to refinance indebtedness as it matures. If sufficient sources of external financing are not available to us on cost-effective terms, we could be forced to limit our development and redevelopment activity and/or take other actions to fund our business activities and repayment of debt, such as selling assets, reducing our cash dividend or issuing equity or debt securities. If we are able and/or choose to access capital at a higher cost than we have experienced in recent years, our earnings per share and cash flows could be adversely affected. In addition, the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly and/or decline in a high interest rate environment or a volatile economic environment, or if we dilute the interest of stockholders by issuing additional equity. Further, events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect the lenders under our Credit Facility, the dealers under our Commercial Paper Program, financial institutions where we have deposits, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, could result in losses or defaults by these institutions or counterparties or could lead to market-wide liquidity problems. Disruptions and uncertainty with respect to financial institutions, including as a result of bank failures and liquidity concerns, may negatively impact our ability to refinance existing indebtedness and access additional financing at reasonable terms or at all or may cause us or our transactional counterparties to be unable to complete transactions as intended, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

11 

Table of Contents

Insufficient cash flow could affect our debt financing and create refinancing risk. 
We are subject to the risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that our available cash will be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest on our debt. For us to continue to qualify as a REIT, we are required to annually distribute dividends generally equal to at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, which limits the amount of our cash flow available to meet required principal and interest payments. The principal outstanding balance on a portion of our debt will not be fully amortized prior to its maturity. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient cash flows available to make all required principal payments. Therefore, we expect that we will generally need to refinance at least a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. There is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing debt or that a refinancing will not be done on as favorable terms; either of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Rising interest rates could increase interest costs and could affect the market price of our common stock, and efforts to hedge such risk could be ineffective and cause us to incur additional costs.
 Interest rates have increased in recent years, and may increase further.

If interest rates maintain their existing levels or further increase, our interest costs on variable rate debt will rise, and our interest costs on newly issued fixed rate debt may be higher than on our existing debt, unless in each case we have hedged the risk of rising interest rates. In addition, an increase in market interest rates may lead purchasers of our common stock to demand a greater annual dividend yield, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

We may use interest rate derivatives to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, such as by entering into interest rate contracts. For example, when we anticipate issuing debt securities, we may seek to limit our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates prior to debt issuance by entering into interest rate hedging contracts. Although these agreements may partially protect against rising interest rates, they also may reduce the benefits to us if interest rates decline. The interest rate derivatives we use, primarily to manage interest rate risk for our anticipated debt issuance activity, could result in a material charge to earnings if we do not issue the anticipated debt, or are otherwise unsuccessful in our hedging activities. In addition, our use of hedging arrangements may expose us to additional risks, including a risk that a counterparty to a hedging arrangement may default on the contract. There can be no assurance that our hedging activities will be effective at reducing the risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. 

Bond financing and zoning and other compliance requirements could limit our income, restrict the use of communities and cause favorable financing to become unavailable. 
We have financed some of our apartment communities with obligations issued by local government agencies because the interest paid to the holders of this debt is generally exempt from federal income taxes, which typically provides a more favorable interest rate for us. These obligations are commonly referred to as "tax-exempt bonds" and generally must be secured by mortgages on our communities. As a condition to obtaining (i) tax-exempt financing, (ii) favorable zoning or (iii) an agreement relating to property taxes in some jurisdictions, we will commit to make some of the apartments in a community available to households whose income does not exceed certain thresholds (e.g., 50% or 80% of area median income), or who meet other qualifying tests. As of December 31, 2024, 4.1% of our apartment homes at current operating communities were under income limitations such as these. These commitments, which may or may not expire, may limit our ability to raise rents, adversely affecting the value of communities subject to these restrictions. If we fail to observe these commitments, we could lose benefits (such as reduced property taxes) or face liabilities including liability for the benefits we received under tax exempt bonds, tax credits or agreements related to property taxes.

Our tax-exempt bonds may require us to obtain a guarantee from a financial institution of payment of the principal and interest on the bonds, such as a letter of credit, surety bond, guarantee agreement or other additional collateral. If the financial institution defaults in its guarantee obligations, or if we are unable to renew the applicable guarantee or otherwise post satisfactory collateral, a default will occur and the community could be foreclosed upon if we do not redeem the tax exempt bonds.

Risks related to indebtedness. 
We have a Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program with a syndicate of commercial banks as well as secured and unsecured notes. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness that may be incurred. Accordingly, subject to compliance with outstanding debt covenants, we could incur more debt, resulting in an increased risk of default on our obligations and an increase in debt service requirements that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

The mortgages on properties that are subject to secured debt, our Credit Facility, Commercial Paper Program and the indentures under which a substantial portion of our debt was issued contain customary restrictions, requirements and other limitations, as well as certain financial and operating covenants including maintenance of certain financial ratios. Maintaining compliance with these restrictions could limit our flexibility. A default in these requirements, if uncured, could result in a requirement that we repay indebtedness, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and increase our financing costs. Refer to Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for further discussion.

12 

Table of Contents

A substantial portion of our debt is subject to prepayment penalties or premiums that we will be obligated to pay in the event that we elect to prepay the debt prior to the earlier of (i) its stated maturity or (ii) another stated date. If we elect to prepay a significant amount of outstanding debt, our prepayment penalties or payments under these provisions could materially adversely affect our results of operations.

Failure to maintain our current credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds, related margins, liquidity and access to capital markets. 
There are two major debt rating agencies that routinely evaluate and rate our debt. Their ratings are based on a number of factors, which include their assessment of our financial strength, liquidity, capital structure, asset quality, amount of real estate under development, and sustainability of cash flow and earnings, among other factors. If market conditions change, we may not be able to maintain our current credit ratings, which could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity and access to capital markets.

The form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions in future periods may vary and be impacted by our revenue generation, other liquidity needs and economic and other considerations. 
The form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions will be declared at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on our rental revenue, actual cash from operations, our financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code and other factors as the Board of Directors may consider relevant. The Board of Directors may modify our dividend policy from time to time.

We may experience barriers to selling apartment communities that could limit financial flexibility. 
Difficulties in selling real estate at prices we find acceptable in a timely manner may limit our ability to quickly change or reduce the apartment communities in our portfolio in response to changes in economic, regulatory, or other conditions. Federal tax laws may also limit our ability to sell properties when desired. See "Risks related to our REIT or tax status or reliance on various tax regulations" section for more information on federal tax law risks. In addition, the capitalization rates/disposition yields at which apartment communities may be sold could also be higher than historic rates, thereby reducing our potential proceeds from sale.

Increased scrutiny and changing expectations from regulators, investors, associates, residents and others regarding our environmental, social and governance practices and reporting, including those related to workplace inclusion and diversity (collectively, "Corporate Responsibility" or "CR"), could impact our business practices, cause us to incur additional costs and expose us to new risks.
 Corporate Responsibility practices and ratings are important to some investors and other stakeholders who may have differing and conflicting views as to their preferred approach to CR matters. Expectations regarding CR may impact our business practices and the price of our securities. Changing practices have in the past and may in the future include expanded mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such as climate change, human capital, inclusion and diversity, labor, and risk oversight, and these could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report on, which may prove difficult, expensive and time consuming. In addition, the adoption of increased government regulations and changes in investor preference related to CR matters may result in changes to our business practices, including increasing expenses or capital expenditures. We have communicated certain initiatives regarding CR matters and we may in the future communicate revised or additional initiatives. If our initiatives are unsuccessful or we fail to satisfy the expectations of investors, residents, employees and other stakeholders, our reputation could be adversely affected. In recent years, corporate initiatives relating to environmental, social and governance matters, including workplace inclusion and diversity, have attracted negative commentary and regulatory attention in the broader business sector. Legislation, regulatory initiatives, litigation, legal opinions, federal executive orders and increased scrutiny related to CR matters could expose the Company to additional compliance obligations, costs, and potential liabilities.

13 

Table of Contents

Risks related to operations of our communities

Laws, regulations and orders imposing rent control or rent stabilization, or limiting our rights as a landlord, could adversely affect our operations and revenue. 
A number of states and municipalities have implemented or are seeking to implement rent control or rent stabilization laws and regulations or take other actions that could limit or delay our ability to raise rents, use algorithmic pricing tools, charge non-rent fees, screen and evict tenants for non-payment of rent or other lease violations. For example, the State of California has statewide rent control for communities older than fifteen years, limiting rent increases to the lesser of 10% or 5% plus local CPI, and the State of New York has rules for rent-controlled and rent-stabilized units that limit the way rent increases are calculated for renewal leases, basing increases solely on rent actually paid and eliminating the ability to increase the renewal rent to a higher "registered rent." Furthermore, in California the Governor has the ability to enact local or statewide states of emergency which limit our ability to increase new and renewal rents more than 10% over the rent in place on the date such state of emergency was declared, which has impacted some of our California communities. We have seen an increase in state and local governments in our markets implementing, considering or being urged by various constituencies to consider regulations of the types described above. Additionally, various federal agencies have engaged in efforts aimed at increasing fairness in the rental market. Current and future enactments of rent control or rent stabilization laws or other laws regulating rental housing may limit our ability to charge market rents, increase rents, use algorithmic pricing tools, charge non-rent fees, screen and evict tenants or recover increases in our operating expenses and could make it more difficult for us to dispose of properties in certain circumstances. Expenses associated with our investment in these communities, such as debt service, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in rental income from the community. 

We face risks related to multifamily rental antitrust, regulatory scrutiny and new litigation.
 Lawsuits, government investigations and proposed legislation relating to antitrust matters in the multifamily rental market are ongoing and may impact the Company, whether or not we are found directly liable for an antitrust violation. For example, a purported class action has been brought by private litigants against RealPage, Inc., a provider of revenue management systems, and numerous multifamily rental companies; while we were originally named as a defendant, the Company was voluntarily dismissed without prejudice from this case after explaining to plaintiffs’ counsel why the Company believed that these cases were without merit as they pertained to the Company. Subsequently, on November 1, 2023, the District of Columbia filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of the District of Columbia against RealPage, Inc. and 14 owners and/or operators of multifamily housing in the District of Columbia, including the Company, alleging that the defendants violated the District of Columbia Antitrust Act by unlawfully agreeing to use RealPage, Inc. revenue management systems and sharing sensitive data (the “D.C. Antitrust Litigation”). While we were initially dismissed from this case, the court later granted the District of Columbia leave to amend its original complaint, and the Company has filed a new motion to dismiss which has not been ruled on as of the date of this filing. Further, on January 15, 2025, the Office of the Attorney General of the State of Maryland filed a suit similar to the D.C. Antitrust Litigation in which a number of owners and/or operators of multifamily properties in the State of Maryland, including the Company, have been named (the “Maryland Antitrust Litigation”). While the Company intends to vigorously defend against the D.C. Antitrust Litigation and the Maryland Antitrust Litigation, given the early stage of the lawsuits, the Company is unable to predict the outcome or estimate the amount of loss, if any, that may result from the lawsuits. The Company is also aware that other governmental investigations and lawsuits regarding antitrust matters in the multifamily industry are ongoing, including an antitrust lawsuit brought by the U.S. Department of Justice, along with the attorneys general of ten states, against other multifamily rental providers to which the Company is not a party. Jurisdictions other than the District of Columbia and Maryland, or additional federal agencies, may also bring suits against multifamily rental providers. Regardless of whether the Company remains named in the D.C. Antitrust Litigation, the Maryland Antitrust Litigation or any other lawsuits or becomes the focus of any governmental investigation, the Company may incur substantial costs related to these lawsuits or investigations, whether as a defendant or as a third-party witness. As well, settlements by RealPage, Inc. or other defendants in such cases could impact the multifamily industry in ways that have an adverse effect on the Company. In addition, state and federal legislation has been introduced (and in San Francisco adopted) to regulate the use by multifamily apartment rental companies of third party algorithmic revenue management systems, and if legislation of this type passes, the impact on the Company is difficult to predict. Lawsuits, government investigations and new legislation related to antitrust matters may, among other things, be costly to comply with, result in negative publicity, require significant management time and attention and subject us to remedies or burdensome requirements that adversely affect our business. 

Noncompliance with applicable laws in the building and operation of our communities could adversely affect our operations or expose us to liability.
 We must develop, construct and operate our communities in compliance with federal, state and local laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with one another or be subject to limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. These laws and regulations may include zoning laws, building codes, landlord/tenant laws and other laws generally applicable to business operations. Noncompliance with laws could expose us to liability. Lower revenue growth or significant unanticipated expenditures may result from our need to comply with changes in (i) laws imposing remediation requirements or 

14 

Table of Contents

other conditions, or (ii) other governmental rules and regulations or enforcement policies affecting the development, use and operation of our communities, including changes to building codes and fire and life-safety codes.

Short-term leases expose us to the effects of declining market rents. 
Most of our apartment leases are for a term of one year or less. Because these leases generally permit the residents to leave at the end of the lease term without penalty, our rental revenues are impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms.

Competition could limit our ability to lease apartment homes or increase or maintain rents. 
Our apartment communities compete with other apartment operators as well as rental housing alternatives, such as single-family homes for rent and short term furnished offerings such as those available from extended stay hotels or through online listing services. In addition, our residents and prospective residents also consider, as an alternative to renting, the purchase of a new or existing condominium or single-family home. Competitive residential housing could adversely affect our ability to lease apartment homes and to increase or maintain rental rates.

Unfavorable changes in market and economic conditions could adversely affect occupancy, rental rates, operating expenses, and the overall market value of our real estate assets. 
Local conditions in our regions significantly affect occupancy, rental rates and the operating performance of our communities, and may be adversely affected by the following risks:

•
corporate restructurings and/or layoffs, and industry slowdowns;

•
an oversupply of, or a reduced demand for, apartment homes;

•
a decline in household formation or employment or lack of employment growth;

•
the inability or unwillingness of residents to pay rent increases; and

•
economic conditions that could cause an increase in our operating expenses, such as increases in property taxes, utilities, compensation of on-site associates and routine maintenance.

Risks related to the impact of a pandemic, epidemic or other health crisis on multifamily rental housing. 
The national and global impacts of a health crisis, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. State, local, and federal entities may impose restrictions, for varying times and to varying degrees (as experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic), on our ability to enforce residents’ contractual lease obligations, and this may affect our ability to enforce all of our remedies (such as pursuing collections, imposing late fees and seeking evictions) for the failure to pay rent and may result in foregone revenue. Our properties could also incur significant costs or losses related to shelter-in-place or stay-at-home orders, quarantines, infection, clean-up costs or other related factors, which may cause residents to move to locations other than our markets. Moreover, many of the risk factors set forth in this Form 10-K could be interpreted as heightened risks due to the impact of a pandemic, epidemic or other health crisis. 

Further, emergency orders such as shutting down non-essential businesses, may disrupt our development and construction activity which may increase our construction costs and we may not achieve, on the schedule we originally planned, the cash flows that we expect when we begin leasing a completed property. We may also delay the start of construction of additional development communities which, if constructed and leased as originally planned, would have been a source of future additional cash flow.

The same factors as described immediately above may also impact our workforce. A disruption in the normal operations of our workforce, including impacts of illness among a substantial portion of our workforce, could also adversely affect our operations.

Risks related to commercial leasing operations. 
Although we are primarily in the multifamily rental business, we also own and lease ancillary commercial space. Gross rental revenue provided by leased commercial space in our portfolio represented 1.4% of our total revenue in 2024. The long term nature of our commercial leases and characteristics of many of our tenants (small, local businesses) may subject us to certain risks. We may not be able to lease new space for rents that are consistent with our projections or at market rates. Also, when leases for our existing commercial space expire, the space may not be relet or the terms of reletting, including the cost of allowances and concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than the current lease terms. Our properties compete with other properties with commercial space. If our commercial tenants experience financial distress or bankruptcy, they may fail to comply with their contractual obligations, seek concessions in order to continue operations or cease their operations, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.

Inflation and related volatility in the economy could negatively impact our residents and our results of operations. 
Although it has declined from its 2022 peak, inflation has remained elevated in 2023 and 2024 compared to pre-pandemic years, and may continue at the present level or increase. Inflation and its related impacts, including increased prices for services and goods and higher interest rates and wages, and any policy interventions by the U.S. government, could negatively impact our residents’ 

15 

Table of Contents

ability to pay rents or our results of operations. Most of our apartment leases are for a term of one year or less, which we believe mitigates our exposure to inflation by permitting us to set rents commensurate with inflation (subject to rent regulations to the extent they apply and assuming our current or prospective residents will accept and can pay commensurate increased rents, of which there can be no assurance). However, inflation could outpace any increases in rent and adversely affect us. In addition, property taxes can be impacted by inflationary changes because taxes in some jurisdictions are regularly reassessed based on changes in the fair value of our properties. We may not be able to mitigate the effects of inflation and related impacts, and the duration and extent of any prolonged periods of inflation, and any related adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition, are unknown at this time. Inflation may also cause increased volatility in financial markets, which could affect our ability to access the capital markets or impact the cost or timing at which we are able to do so.

Inflation, either caused by tariffs recently imposed or threatened by the new presidential administration or due to other causes, may also increase the costs to complete our development projects, including costs of materials, labor and services from third-party contractors and suppliers. Higher construction costs could adversely impact our investments in real estate assets and our expected yields on development projects. 

Risks related to our REIT or tax status or reliance on various tax regulations

Failure to qualify as a REIT would cause us to be taxed as a corporation, which would significantly reduce funds available for distribution to stockholders. 
If we fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we will be subject to regular federal corporate income tax on our taxable income. In addition, unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we would be ineligible to make an election for treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year we lose our qualification. The additional tax liability resulting from the failure to qualify as a REIT would significantly reduce or eliminate the amount of funds available for distribution to our stockholders. Furthermore, we would no longer be required to make distributions to our stockholders. Thus, our failure to qualify as a REIT could also impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital and would adversely affect the value of our common stock.

We believe that we are organized and qualified as a REIT, and we intend to operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT. However, we cannot assure you that we are qualified as a REIT, or that we will remain qualified in the future. This is because qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Code for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations and involves the determination of a variety of factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. Our qualification as a REIT depends on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, shareholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. In addition, future legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may significantly change the tax laws or the application of the tax laws with respect to qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification. Additionally, our expanding range of investments (such as investments in mezzanine loans, preferred equity, and technology and environmentally focused venture funds and companies) may add additional REIT compliance challenges, some of which may involve determinations or circumstances that may be beyond our control.

Even if we qualify as a REIT, we will be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property and on taxable income that we do not distribute to our stockholders. In addition, we hold certain assets and engage in certain activities through our TRSs that a REIT could not engage in directly. We also use TRSs to hold certain assets that we believe would be subject to the 100% prohibited transaction tax if sold at a gain outside of a TRS or to engage in activities that generate non-qualifying REIT income. Our TRSs are subject to federal income tax as regular corporations. 

Legislative or other actions affecting REITs could have a negative effect on us or our stockholders.
 The rules dealing with federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") and the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive legislation, could adversely affect us or our stockholders. New legislation, Treasury Regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a REIT, the federal income tax consequences of such qualification, or the federal income tax consequences of an investment in our Company. Also, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT.

Our ownership of TRSs is subject to certain restrictions, and we will be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on certain income or deductions if transactions with our TRSs are not conducted on arm’s-length terms.
 We have established several TRSs. The TRSs must pay federal income tax on their taxable income as regular corporations. While we will attempt to ensure that our dealings with our TRSs do not adversely affect our REIT qualification, we cannot provide assurances that it will successfully achieve that result. Furthermore, we may be subject to a 100% penalty tax, to the extent dealings between us and 

16 

Table of Contents

our TRSs are not deemed to be arm’s-length in nature. We intend that our dealings with our TRSs will be on an arm’s-length basis. No assurances can be given, however, that the IRS will not assert a contrary position.

Failure of one or more of our subsidiaries to qualify as a REIT could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. 
We have owned and may in the future own interests in subsidiaries that have elected (or will elect) to be taxed as REITs under the Code. These subsidiary REITs were or will be subject to the REIT qualification requirements and other limitations that are applicable to us. If any of our subsidiary REITs were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) the subsidiary REIT would become subject to federal income tax, (ii) our ownership of shares in such subsidiary REIT would cease to be a qualifying asset for purposes of the asset tests applicable to REITs, and (iii) it is possible that we could also fail to qualify as a REIT.

The tax imposed on REITs engaging in "prohibited transactions" may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for federal income tax purposes. 
We may transfer or otherwise dispose of some of our properties. Under the Code, unless certain exceptions apply, any gain resulting from transfers of properties that we hold as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business could be treated as income from a prohibited transaction subject to a 100% penalty tax from the gain on the sale of the property, which could potentially adversely impact our status as a REIT unless we own the property through a TRS. Since we acquire properties for investment purposes, we do not believe that our occasional transfers or disposals of property should be treated as prohibited transactions. However, whether property is held for investment purposes depends on the facts and circumstances surrounding the particular transaction. The IRS may contend that certain of our transfers or disposals of properties are prohibited transactions. If the IRS were to argue successfully that a transfer or disposition of property was a prohibited transaction, then we would be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on any gain allocable to it from the prohibited transaction, and our ability to retain proceeds from real property sales may be jeopardized.

We may face risks in connection with Section 1031 exchanges. 
We may dispose of real properties in transactions intended to qualify as "like-kind exchanges" under Section 1031 of the Code. If a transaction intended to qualify as a Section 1031 exchange is later determined to be taxable, we may face adverse consequences, and if the laws applicable to such transactions are amended or repealed, we may not be able to dispose of real properties on a tax-deferred basis.

We may choose to pay dividends in our own stock, in which case, stockholders may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash they receive. 
We may distribute taxable dividends that are payable in part in our stock. Taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash dividend received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. In addition, the trading price of our stock would experience downward pressure if a significant number of our stockholders sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends.

Risks that may not be insured in full or in part

We are exposed to risks that are either uninsurable, not economically insurable or in excess of our insurance coverage, including risks discussed below. 
Insurance coverage for various risks can be costly and in limited supply. As a result, we may experience shortages in desired coverage levels if market conditions are such that insurance is not available or the cost of insurance makes it, in our view, economically impractical. Incidents that directly or indirectly damage our communities, both physically and financially, or cause losses that exceed our insurance coverage (including amounts payable by our captive insurance company) could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations including increased maintenance, repair, and delays in construction. In addition, we would also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the community which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our financial condition and results of operations. The following risks are uninsurable or insurance coverage is limited due to premium rates (See Item 2. "Properties—Insurance and Risk of Uninsured Losses"): 

•
Earthquake risk. 
As further described in Item 2. "Properties—Insurance and Risk of Uninsured Losses," many of our West Coast communities are located in the general vicinity of active earthquake faults. Insurance coverage for earthquakes can be costly and in limited supply. 

•
Climate, severe or inclement weather or natural disaster risk. 
Many of our markets, particularly those located in coastal cities, are exposed to risks associated with inclement or severe weather including those arising from climate change such as hurricanes, severe winter storms and coastal flooding. Many of our properties are also located in areas, 

17 

Table of Contents

such as Southern California or Texas, that are exposed to risks of drought, wildfire or other natural disasters, including those arising from climate change. For example, in Southern California, a series of wildfires affected the Los Angeles metropolitan area and San Diego in January 2025, forcing over 200,000 people to evacuate and resulting in the destruction or damage of thousands of homes and structures. Additionally, the 2024 hurricane season was particularly severe and saw landfall of two major hurricanes in Florida and significant damage from flooding in North Carolina. Although none of these events caused material damage to our properties, similar disasters could occur in the future. 

•
Terrorism and other risk.
 We have significant investments in metropolitan markets such as Metro New York/New Jersey and Washington, D.C., which have in the past been or may in the future be the target of actual or threatened terrorist attacks. We carry commercial general liability insurance, property insurance and terrorism insurance with respect to our communities on terms and in amounts we consider commercially reasonable. There are, however, certain types of losses (such as from acts of war) we do not insure, in full or in part, because they are either uninsurable or we believe the cost of insurance is economically impractical.

We may incur costs related to climate change. 
We may experience physical climate change impacts including extreme weather, sea level rise, the effects of declines in available water supplies and changes in precipitation, temperature and wildfire exposure, all of which may result in damage to, disruption of services at, and/or a decrease in demand for properties located in areas affected by these conditions. Should the impact of these conditions be material or occur for lengthy periods of time, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected, and it may negatively impact the types and pricing of insurance we are able to procure. 

In addition, we may experience transition risks associated with climate change. The implementation of new or changes in existing federal, state and local regulations based on concerns about climate change could result in increased capital expenditures or operating expenses on our existing properties (for example, required retrofitting of existing systems or increased utility costs) and our new development properties (for example, to improve energy efficiency, reduce greenhouse gas emissions and/or improve resistance to inclement weather) without a corresponding increase in revenue, resulting in adverse impacts to our results of operations. Further, laws and regulations at the federal, state and local level requiring climate-related disclosures, including the rules promulgated by the SEC and the legislation recently enacted in the state of California, may increase compliance and data collection costs if, and when, such laws and regulations become effective.

We may incur costs due to environmental contamination or non-compliance. 
Under various public health laws and regulations, we may be required, regardless of knowledge or responsibility, to investigate and remediate the presence or effects of hazardous or toxic substances such as asbestos, lead paint, chemical vapors from soils or groundwater, petroleum product releases, and natural substances such as methane and radon gas. We may be held liable under these laws or common law to a governmental entity or to third parties for property, personal injury or natural resources damages and for investigation and remediation costs incurred as a result of the contamination. These damages and costs may be substantial and may exceed any insurance coverage we have for such events. The presence of these substances, or the failure to properly remediate or contain the contamination, may adversely affect our ability to borrow against, develop, sell or rent the affected property. In addition, some environmental laws create or allow a government agency to impose a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs as a result of the contamination.

The development, construction and operation of our communities are subject to environmental, health and safety regulations and permitting under various federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances, which regulate matters including wetlands protection, storm water runoff and wastewater discharge. These laws and regulations may impose restrictions on how our communities may be developed, and noncompliance with these laws and regulations may subject us to fines and penalties and may subject us to liability in connection with personal injury.

Certain laws and regulations govern the removal, encapsulation or disturbance of asbestos containing materials ("ACMs") when such materials are in poor condition or in the event of renovation or demolition of a building. These laws and the common law may impose liability for release of ACMs and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury associated with exposure to ACMs. We are not aware that any ACMs were used in the construction of the communities we developed. ACMs were, however, used in the construction of a number of the communities that we have acquired. Although we implement an operations and maintenance program at each of the communities at which ACMs are detected, we may fail to adequately observe such program or a disturbance of ACMs may occur nevertheless, exposing us to liability. We are aware that some of our communities have lead paint and have implemented an operations and maintenance program at each of those communities.

18 

Table of Contents

All of our stabilized operating communities, and all of the communities that we are currently developing, have been subjected to at least a Phase I or similar environmental assessment, which generally does not involve invasive techniques such as soil or groundwater sampling. These assessments, together with subsurface assessments conducted on some properties, have not revealed, and we are not otherwise aware of, any environmental conditions that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, financial condition or results of operations. In connection with our ownership, operation and development of communities, we may undertake substantial remedial action in response to the presence of subsurface or other contaminants, including contaminants in soil, groundwater and soil vapor beneath or affecting our buildings. In some cases, an indemnity exists upon which we may be able to rely if environmental liability arises from the contamination or remediation costs exceed estimates. There can be no assurance, however, that all necessary remediation actions have been or will be undertaken at our properties or that we will be indemnified, in full or at all, in the event that environmental liability arises.

Mold growth may occur when excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Certain molds may lead to adverse health effects, including allergic or other reactions. We cannot provide assurance that mold or excessive moisture will be detected and remediated in a timely manner. If a significant mold problem arises at one of our communities, we could be required to undertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold from the affected community and could be exposed to other liabilities that may exceed any applicable insurance coverage.

Additionally, we have occasionally been involved in developing, managing, leasing and operating various properties for third parties. Consequently, we may be considered to have been an operator of such properties and, therefore, potentially liable for removal or remediation costs or other potential costs which relate to the release or presence of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products at such properties. 

We cannot assure you that:

•
the environmental assessments described above have identified all potential environmental liabilities;

•
no prior owner created any material environmental condition not known to us or the consultants who prepared the assessments;

•
no environmental liabilities have developed since the environmental assessments were prepared;

•
the condition of land or operations in the vicinity of our communities, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, will not affect the environmental condition of our communities;

•
future uses or conditions, including, without limitation, changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations, will not result in the imposition of environmental liability; and

•
no environmental liabilities will arise at communities that we have sold for which we may have liability.

General Risk Factors

The ability of our stockholders to control our policies and effect a change of control of our company is limited by certain provisions of our charter and bylaws and by Maryland law. 
There are provisions in our charter and bylaws that may discourage a third party from making a proposal to acquire us. These provisions include the following:

Our charter authorizes our Board of Directors to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval and to establish the preferences and rights, including voting rights, of any series of preferred stock issued. This could allow the Board to issue one or more classes or series of preferred stock that could discourage or delay a tender offer or a change in control.

To maintain our qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, not more than 50% in value of our outstanding stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by or for five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of any taxable year. To maintain this qualification, and/or to address other concerns about concentrations of ownership of our stock, our charter generally prohibits ownership (directly, indirectly by virtue of the attribution provisions of the Code, or beneficially as defined in Section 13 of the Exchange Act) by any single stockholder of more than 9.8% of the issued and outstanding shares of any class or series of our stock. In general, under our charter, pension plans and mutual funds may directly and beneficially own up to 15% of the outstanding shares of any class or series of stock. Under our charter, our Board of Directors may in its sole discretion waive or modify the ownership limit for one or more persons, but it is not required to do so even if such waiver would not affect our qualification as a REIT. These ownership limits may prevent or delay a change in control and, as a result, could adversely affect our stockholders' ability to realize a premium for their shares of common stock.

As a Maryland corporation, we are subject to the provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law which restricts some business combinations and requires compliance with statutory procedures before some mergers and acquisitions may occur, 

19 

Table of Contents

which may delay or prevent offers to acquire us even if they are in our stockholders' best interests. In addition, other provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law permit the Board of Directors to make elections and to take actions without stockholder approval (such as classifying our Board such that the entire Board is not up for re-election annually) that, if made or taken, could have the effect of discouraging or delaying a change in control.

Litigation could adversely affect our business. 
We are and may in the future become involved in legal proceedings, claims, actions, inquiries and/or investigations in connection with our operations, which may result in defense costs, settlements, fines and/or judgments against us, some of which are not, or cannot be, covered by insurance, including risks related to the multifamily rental antitrust litigation discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Legal proceedings and other claims, if decided adversely to or settled by us, and not covered by insurance, could result in liability material to our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Likewise, regardless of outcome, legal proceedings and other claims may result in substantial costs and expenses, affect the availability or cost of some of our insurance coverage and significantly divert the attention of our management. With respect to any legal proceeding or other claim, there can be no assurance that we will be able to prevail, or achieve a favorable settlement or outcome, or that our insurance and/or any contractual indemnities will be enough to cover all of our defense costs or any resulting liabilities.

Changes in U.S. accounting standards may materially and adversely affect the reporting of our operations. 
We follow accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"). GAAP is established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"), an independent body whose standards are recognized by the SEC as authoritative for publicly held companies. The FASB and the SEC create and interpret accounting standards and may change the interpretation and application of these standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes could have a material impact on our reported consolidated results of operations and financial position.

We rely on information technology in our operations, and any breach, interruption or security failure of that technology, or any non-compliance with applicable laws with respect to the use of that technology, could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or reputation. 
We rely on information technology, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including financial transactions, personally identifiable information ("PII"), and tenant and lease data. Our business requires us and some of our vendors to use and store PII and other confidential and sensitive information of our residents and employees. Privacy and information security laws and regulations for PII continue to evolve and may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. Compliance with all such laws and regulations may increase our operating costs and adversely impact our ability to market our properties and services.

Information security risks have generally increased in recent years due to the rise in new technologies, such as ransomware and generative artificial intelligence, and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber-attacks, including as a result of the intensification of state-sponsored cybersecurity attacks during periods of geopolitical conflict. Cyber-attacks can include third parties gaining access to data using stolen or inferred credentials, computer malware, viruses, spamming, phishing attacks, ransomware, and other deliberate attacks and attempts to gain unauthorized access to our or our vendors’ data or information technology systems. Although our and our vendors' information technology systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations, even the most well-protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. These threats, in turn, may lead to increased costs to protect our information systems, detect and respond to threats, and recover from cyber incidents. Our insurance program may not be adequate to cover all losses relating to such events.

There can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent unauthorized access to PII or to our network or business systems in general. Any failure in or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our vendors, as a result of cyber-attacks or other security incidents, could materially adversely impact our operations and financial position, including disruption of our operations caused by an inability to access network systems, disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information (including PII of our residents and/or associates), damage to our reputation, and/or potentially significant legal and/or financial liabilities and penalties. 

Various laws and regulations and interpretations thereof, as well as agreements with payment processors, require, or may require, us to comply with rules related to our business and our websites used by residents and prospective residents, including requirements related to accessibility of our websites to persons with disabilities and our handling and use of data, including personal data, that we collect. We could face liabilities for failure to comply with these requirements. Privacy laws and 

20 

Table of Contents

regulations, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act and the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, related regulations and other U.S. state privacy laws, are evolving and may be subject to differing interpretations. We could incur costs to comply with stricter and more complex data privacy, data collection and information security laws and standards.

Any material weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial reporting could have an impact on our Company.
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal control over financial reporting. One or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could result in misstatements of our results of operations and related restatements, a decline in the price/value of our securities, or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.

Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. 
Our success depends in part on our ability to attract and retain the services of executive officers and other personnel. There is substantial competition for qualified personnel in the real estate industry, and the loss of our key personnel could adversely affect us.