Our operations involve various risks that could have adverse consequences, including those
described below. This Item 1a includes forward-looking statements. You should refer to our
discussion of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K.

Development, redevelopment and construction risks could affect our profitability.

We intend to continue to develop and redevelop apartment home communities. These activities can
include long planning and entitlement timelines and can involve complex and costly activities,
including significant environmental remediation or construction work in high-density urban areas.
These activities may be exposed to the following risks:

•

we may be unable to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning,
occupancy, or other required governmental or third party permits and authorizations, which
could result in increased costs or the delay or abandonment of opportunities;

•

we may abandon opportunities that we have already begun to explore for a number of
reasons, including changes in local market conditions or increases in construction or
financing costs, and, as a result, we may fail to recover expenses already incurred in
exploring those opportunities;

•

we may incur costs that exceed our original estimates due to increased material, labor
or other costs;

•

occupancy rates and rents at a community may fail to meet our expectations for a number
of reasons, including changes in market and economic conditions beyond our control and the
development by competitors of competing communities;

•

we may be unable to complete construction and lease up of a community on schedule,
resulting in increased construction and financing costs and a decrease in expected rental
revenues;

•

we may be unable to obtain financing with favorable terms, or at all, for the proposed
development of a community, which may cause us to delay or abandon an opportunity;

•

we may incur liabilities to third parties during the development process, for example,
in connection with managing existing improvements on the site prior to tenant terminations
and demolition (such as commercial space) or in connection with providing services to
third parties, such as the construction of shared infrastructure or other improvements;
and

•

we may incur liability if our communities are not constructed and operated in
compliance with the accessibility provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Acts, the
Fair Housing Act or other federal, state or local requirements. Noncompliance could
result in imposition of fines, an award of damages to private litigants, and a requirement
that we undertake structural modifications to remedy the noncompliance. We are currently
engaged in lawsuits alleging noncompliance with these statutes. See Item 3., “Legal
Proceedings.”

We project construction costs based on market conditions at the time we prepare our budgets, and
our projections include changes that we anticipate but cannot predict with certainty.
Construction costs may increase, particularly for labor and certain materials and, for some of our
Development Communities and Development Rights (as defined below), the total construction costs
may be higher than the original budget. Total capitalized cost includes all capitalized costs
projected to be incurred to develop or redevelop a community, determined in accordance with GAAP,
including:

•

land and/or property acquisition costs;

•

fees paid to secure air rights and/or tax abatements;

•

construction or reconstruction costs;

•

costs of environmental remediation;

•

real estate taxes;

•

capitalized interest;

•

loan fees;

•

permits;

•

professional fees;

•

allocated development or redevelopment overhead; and

8

•

other regulatory fees.

Costs to redevelop communities that have been acquired have, in some cases, exceeded our original
estimates and similar increases in costs may be experienced in the future. We cannot assure you
that market rents in effect at the time new development or redevelopment communities complete
lease-up will be sufficient to fully offset the effects of any increased construction or
reconstruction costs.

Unfavorable changes in market and economic conditions could hurt occupancy, rental rates,
operating expenses, and the overall market value of our assets, including joint ventures and Fund
investments.

Local conditions in our markets significantly affect occupancy, rental rates and the operating
performance of our communities. The risks that may adversely affect conditions in those markets
include the following:

•

plant closings, industry slowdowns and other factors that adversely affect the local
economy;

•

an oversupply of, or a reduced demand for, apartment homes;

•

a decline in household formation or employment or lack of employment growth;

•

the inability or unwillingness of residents to pay rent increases;

•

rent control or rent stabilization laws, or other laws regulating housing, that could
prevent us from raising rents to offset increases in operating costs; and

•

economic conditions that could cause an increase in our operating expenses, such as
increases in property taxes, utilities, compensation of on-site associates and routine
maintenance.

Changes in applicable laws, or noncompliance with applicable laws, could adversely affect our
operations or expose us to liability.

We must develop, construct and operate our communities in compliance with numerous federal, state
and local laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with one
another or be subject to limited judicial or regulatory
interpretations. These laws and regulations may include zoning laws, building codes, landlord tenant laws and
other laws generally applicable to business operations. Noncompliance with laws could expose us
to liability.

Compliance with changes in (i) laws imposing remediation requirements and the potential liability
for environmental conditions existing on properties or the restrictions on discharges or other
conditions, (ii) rent control or rent stabilization laws or (iii) other governmental rules and
regulations or enforcement policies affecting the development, use and operation of our
communities, including changes to building codes and fire and life-safety codes, may result in
lower revenue growth or significant unanticipated expenditures.

Short-term leases expose us to the effects of declining market rents.

Substantially all of our apartment leases are for a term of one year or less. Because these leases
generally permit the residents to leave at the end of the lease term without penalty, our rental
revenues are impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer
terms.

Competition could limit our ability to lease apartment homes or increase or maintain rents.

Our apartment communities compete with other housing alternatives to attract residents, including
other rental apartments, condominiums and single-family homes that are available for rent, as well
as new and existing condominiums and single-family homes for sale. Competitive residential
housing in a particular area could adversely affect our ability to lease apartment homes and to
increase or maintain rental rates.

9

Attractive investment opportunities may not be available, which could adversely affect our
profitability.

We expect that other real estate investors, including insurance companies, pension funds, other
REITs and other well-capitalized investors, will compete with us to acquire existing properties
and to develop new properties. This competition could increase prices for properties of the type
we would likely pursue and adversely affect our profitability.

Capital and credit market conditions may continue to adversely affect our access to various
sources of capital and/or the cost of capital, which could impact our business activities,
dividends, earnings, and common stock price, among other things.

The capital and credit markets have been experiencing extreme volatility and disruption, and this
has affected the amounts, sources and cost of capital available to us. For example, during 2008
we used secured property financing more than in the past, as the interest rate we incur for that
source of financing has remained relatively steady, and we may continue to rely more heavily on
secured financings. We are unable to predict whether, or to what extent or for how long, the
current capital market conditions will persist. We primarily use external financing to fund
construction and to refinance indebtedness as it matures. If sufficient sources of external
financing are not available to us on cost effective terms, we could be forced to further limit our
development and redevelopment activity and/or take other actions to fund our business activities
and repayment of debt, such as selling assets, reducing our cash dividend or paying out less than
100% of our taxable income. To the extent that we are able and/or choose to access capital at a
higher cost than we have experienced in recent years (reflected in higher interest rates for debt
financing or a lower stock price for equity financing) our earnings per share and cash flows could
be adversely affected. In addition, the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly
and/or decline in a high-interest rate or volatile economic environment. We believe that the
lenders under our unsecured credit line will fulfill their lending obligations thereunder, but if
economic conditions deteriorate further there can be no assurance that the ability of those
lenders to fulfill their obligations would not be adversely impacted.

Insufficient cash flow could affect our debt financing and create refinancing risk.

We are subject to the risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow
will be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest. In this regard, we note
that we are required to annually distribute dividends generally equal to at least 90% of our REIT
taxable income, computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and our net capital gain,
in order for us to continue to qualify as a REIT, and this requirement limits the amount of our
cash flow available to meet required principal and interest payments. The principal outstanding
balance on a portion of our debt will not be fully amortized prior to its maturity. Although we
may be able to repay our debt by using our cash flows, we cannot assure you that we will have
sufficient cash flows available to make all required principal payments. Therefore, we may need to
refinance at least a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. There is a risk that we may
not be able to refinance existing debt or that a refinancing will not be done on as favorable
terms, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations.

Rising interest rates could increase interest costs and could affect the market price of our
common stock.

We currently have, and may in the future incur, variable interest rate debt. In addition, we
regularly seek access to both fixed and variable rate debt financing to repay maturing debt and to
finance our development and redevelopment activity. Accordingly, if interest rates increase, our
interest costs will also rise, unless we have made arrangements that hedge the risk of rising
interest rates. In addition, an increase in market interest rates may lead purchasers of our
common stock to demand a greater annual dividend yield, which could adversely affect the market
price of our common stock.

10

Bond financing and zoning compliance requirements could limit our income, restrict the use of
communities and cause favorable financing to become unavailable.

We have financed some of our apartment communities with obligations issued by local government
agencies because the interest paid to the holders of this debt is generally exempt from federal
income taxes and, therefore, the interest rate is generally more favorable to us. These
obligations are commonly referred to as “tax-exempt bonds” and generally must be secured by
communities. As a condition to obtaining tax-exempt financing, or on occasion as a condition to
obtaining favorable zoning in some jurisdictions, we will commit to make some of the apartments in
a community available to households whose income does not exceed certain thresholds (e.g., 50% or
80% of area median income), or who meet other qualifying tests. As of December 31, 2008,
approximately 6.9% of our apartment homes at current operating communities were under income
limitations such as these. These commitments, which may run without expiration or may expire
after a period of time (such as 15 or 20 years) may limit our ability to raise rents aggressively
and, in consequence, can also limit increases in the value of the communities subject to these
restrictions.

In addition, some of our tax-exempt bond financing documents require us to obtain a guarantee from
a financial institution of payment of the principal of, and interest on, the bonds. The guarantee
may take the form of a letter of credit, surety bond, guarantee agreement or other additional
collateral. If the financial institution defaults in its guarantee obligations, or if we are
unable to renew the applicable guarantee or otherwise post satisfactory collateral, a default will
occur under the applicable tax-exempt bonds and the community could be foreclosed upon.

Risks related to indebtedness.

We have a $1,000,000,000 revolving variable rate unsecured credit facility with JPMorgan Chase
Bank, N.A., and Wachovia Bank, N.A., serving together as syndication agent and as banks, Bank of
America, N.A., serving as administrative agent, swing lender, issuing bank and a bank, Morgan
Stanley Bank, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, serving
collectively as documentation agent and as banks, and a syndicate of other financial institutions,
serving as banks. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount or percentage of
indebtedness that may be incurred. Accordingly, subject to compliance with outstanding debt
covenants, we could incur more debt, resulting in an increased risk of default on our obligations
and an increase in debt service requirements that could adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations.

The mortgages on those of our properties subject to secured debt, our unsecured credit facility,
our unsecured term loan and the indentures under which a substantial portion of our debt was
issued contain customary restrictions, requirements and other limitations, as well as certain
financial and operating covenants including maintenance of certain financial ratios. Maintaining
compliance with these restrictions could limit our flexibility. A default in these requirements,
if uncured, could result in a requirement that we repay indebtedness, which could severely affect
our liquidity and increase our financing costs.

Failure to generate
sufficient revenue or other liquidity needs could limit cash flow available
for distributions to stockholders.

A decrease in rental revenue or other liquidity needs, including the repayment of indebtedness or
funding of our development activities, could have an adverse effect on our ability to pay
distributions to our stockholders. Significant expenditures associated with each community such as
debt service payments, if any, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs are generally
not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from a community.

The form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions in future periods may vary and be
impacted by economic and other considerations.

The form, timing and/or amount of dividend distributions will be declared at the discretion of the
Board of Directors and will depend on actual cash from operations, our financial condition, capital
requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code and other factors as the Board of Directors may consider relevant. The Board of
Directors may modify our dividend policy from time to time.

11

We may in the future choose to pay dividends in our own stock, in which case stockholders may be
required to pay tax in excess of the cash you receive.

We may in the future distribute taxable dividends that are payable in part in our stock, as we did
in the fourth quarter of 2008.
Taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the
full amount of the dividend as income to the extent of our current and accumulated
earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be
required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash received. If a U.S.
stockholder sells the stock it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds
may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the
market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S.
stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in
respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. In addition, if a
significant number of our stockholders sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on
dividends, that may put downward pressure on the trading price of our stock.

Debt financing may not be available and equity issuances could be dilutive to our stockholders.

Our ability to execute our business strategy depends on our access to an appropriate blend of debt
and equity financing. Debt financing may not be available in sufficient amounts or on favorable
terms. If we issue additional equity securities, the interests of existing stockholders could be
diluted.

Difficulty of selling apartment communities could limit flexibility.

Federal tax laws may limit our ability to earn a gain on the sale of a community (unless we own it
through a subsidiary which will incur a taxable gain upon sale) if we are found to have held,
acquired or developed the community primarily with the intent to resell the community, and this
limitation may affect our ability to sell communities without adversely affecting returns to our
stockholders. In addition, real estate in our markets can at times be difficult to sell quickly
at prices we find acceptable. These potential difficulties in selling real estate in our markets
may limit our ability to change or reduce the apartment communities in our portfolio promptly in
response to changes in economic or other conditions.

Acquisitions may not yield anticipated results.

Subject to the requirements related to Fund II, we may in the future acquire apartment communities
on a select basis. Our acquisition activities and their success may be exposed to the following
risks:

•

an acquired property may fail to perform as we expected in analyzing our investment;
and

•

our estimate of the costs of repositioning or redeveloping an acquired property may
prove inaccurate.

Failure to succeed in new markets or in activities other than the development, ownership and
operation of residential rental communities may have adverse consequences.

We may from time to time commence development activity or make acquisitions outside of our
existing market areas if appropriate opportunities arise. As noted above, we also own and lease
ancillary retail space when a retail component represents the best use of the space, as is often
the case with large urban in-fill developments. Also, as noted in Item 1., “Business,” above,
through a taxable REIT subsidiary that is a joint venture partner, we have a 50% economic interest
in a 64 town home for-sale development with a total estimated capital cost at completion of
$23,621,000, on a site adjacent to one of our communities. We may engage or have an interest in
for-sale activity in the future. Our historical experience in our existing markets in developing,
owning and operating rental communities does not ensure that we will be able to operate
successfully in new markets, should we choose to enter them, or that we will be successful in
other activities. We may be exposed to a variety of risks if we choose to enter new markets,
including an inability to evaluate accurately local apartment market conditions; an inability to
obtain land for development or to identify appropriate acquisition opportunities; an inability to
hire and retain key

12

personnel; and lack of familiarity with local governmental and permitting procedures. We may be
unsuccessful in owning and leasing retail space at our communities or in developing real estate
with the intent to sell.

Risks involved in real estate activity through joint ventures.

Instead of acquiring or developing apartment communities directly, at times we invest as a partner
or a co-venturer. Partnership or joint venture investments involve risks, including the
possibility that our partner might become insolvent or otherwise refuse to make capital
contributions when due; that we may be responsible to our partner for indemnifiable losses; that
our partner might at any time have business goals which are inconsistent with ours; and that our
partner may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our instructions or
requests. Frequently, we and our partner may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell
arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner’s interest, at a
time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction.

Risks associated with an investment in and management of a discretionary investment fund

.

We formed
the Fund which, through a wholly owned subsidiary, we manage as the general partner and
in which we have invested approximately $48,000,000 at December 31, 2008, representing an equity
interest of approximately 15%. This presents risks, including the following:

•

investors in the Fund may fail to make their capital contributions when due and, as a
result, the Fund may be unable to execute its investment objectives;

•

our subsidiary that is the general partner of the Fund is generally liable, under
partnership law, for the debts and obligations of the Fund, subject to certain exculpation
and indemnification rights pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement of the Fund;

•

investors in the Fund holding a majority of the partnership interests may remove us as
the general partner without cause, subject to our right to receive an additional nine
months of management fees after such removal and our right to acquire one of the