Our operations involve
various risks that could have adverse consequences, including those described below. This Item 1a. includes forward-looking statements. You should refer to our discussion of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements in
this Form 10-K. 

Development, redevelopment and construction risks could affect our profitability. 

We intend to continue to develop and redevelop apartment home communities. These activities can include long planning and entitlement timelines and can
involve complex and costly activities, including significant environmental remediation or construction work in high-density urban areas. These activities may be exposed to the following risks: 

•

 we may abandon opportunities that we have already begun to explore for a number of reasons, including changes in local market conditions or increases
in construction or financing costs, and, as a result, we may fail to recover expenses already incurred in exploring those opportunities; 

•

 occupancy rates and rents at a community may fail to meet our original expectations for a number of reasons, including changes in market and economic
conditions beyond our control and the development by competitors of competing communities; 

6 

•

 we may be unable to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, occupancy, or other required governmental or third party permits and
authorizations, which could result in increased costs or the delay or abandonment of opportunities; 

•

 we may incur costs that exceed our original estimates due to increased material, labor or other costs; 

•

 we may be unable to complete construction and lease-up of a community on schedule, resulting in increased construction and financing costs and a
decrease in expected rental revenues; 

•

 we may be unable to obtain financing with favorable terms, or at all, for the proposed development of a community, which may cause us to delay or
abandon an opportunity; 

•

 we may incur liabilities to third parties during the development process, for example, in connection with managing existing improvements on the site
prior to tenant terminations and demolition (such as commercial space) or in connection with providing services to third parties (such as the construction of shared infrastructure or other improvements); and 

•

 we may incur liability if our communities are not constructed and operated in compliance with the accessibility provisions of the Americans with
Disabilities Acts, the Fair Housing Act or other federal, state or local requirements. Noncompliance could result in imposition of fines, an award of damages to private litigants, and a requirement that we undertake structural modifications to
remedy the noncompliance. 

We estimate construction costs based on market conditions at the time we prepare our budgets, and
our projections include changes that we anticipate but cannot predict with certainty. Construction costs may increase, particularly for labor and certain materials and, for some of our Development Communities and Development Rights (as defined
below), the total construction costs may be higher than the original budget. Total capitalized cost includes all capitalized costs incurred and projected to be incurred to develop or redevelop a community, determined in accordance with GAAP,
including: 

•

 land and/or property acquisition costs; 

•

 fees paid to secure air rights and/or tax abatements; 

•

 construction or reconstruction costs; 

•

 costs of environmental remediation; 

•

 real estate taxes; 

•

 capitalized interest and insurance; 

•

 loan fees; 

•

 permits; 

•

 professional fees; 

•

 allocated development or redevelopment overhead; and 

•

 other regulatory fees. 

Costs to redevelop communities that have been acquired have, in some cases, exceeded our original estimates and similar increases in costs may be
experienced in the future. We cannot assure you that market rents in effect at the time new development or redevelopment communities complete lease-up will be sufficient to fully offset the effects of any increased construction or reconstruction
costs. 

Unfavorable changes in market and economic conditions could adversely affect occupancy, rental rates, operating expenses, and
the overall market value of our assets, including joint ventures and investments in the Funds. 

Local conditions in our markets
significantly affect occupancy, rental rates and the operating performance of our communities. The risks that may adversely affect conditions in those markets include the following: 

•

 plant closings, industry slowdowns and other factors that adversely affect the local economy; 

•

 an oversupply of, or a reduced demand for, apartment homes; 

•

 a decline in household formation or employment or lack of employment growth; 

•

 the inability or unwillingness of residents to pay rent increases; 

•

 rent control or rent stabilization laws, or other laws regulating housing, that could prevent us from raising rents to offset increases in operating
costs; and 

•

 economic conditions that could cause an increase in our operating expenses, such as increases in property taxes, utilities, compensation of on-site
associates and routine maintenance. 

7 

Changes in applicable laws, or noncompliance with applicable laws, could adversely affect our
operations or expose us to liability. 

We must develop, construct and operate our communities in compliance with numerous federal,
state and local laws and regulations, some of which may conflict with one another or be subject to limited judicial or regulatory interpretations. These laws and regulations may include zoning laws, building codes, landlord tenant laws and other
laws generally applicable to business operations. Noncompliance with laws could expose us to liability. 

Lower revenue growth or significant
unanticipated expenditures may result from our need to comply with changes in (i) laws imposing remediation requirements and the potential liability for environmental conditions existing on properties or the restrictions on discharges or other
conditions, (ii) rent control or rent stabilization laws or other residential landlord/tenant laws, or (iii) other governmental rules and regulations or enforcement policies affecting the development, use and operation of our communities,
including changes to building codes and fire and life-safety codes. 

Short-term leases expose us to the effects of declining market
rents. 

Substantially all of our apartment leases are for a term of one year or less. Because these leases generally permit the
residents to leave at the end of the lease term without penalty, our rental revenues are impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms. 

Competition could limit our ability to lease apartment homes or increase or maintain rents. 

Our apartment communities compete with other housing alternatives to attract residents, including other rental apartments, condominiums and single-family homes that are available for rent, as well as new
and existing condominiums and single-family homes for sale. Competitive residential housing in a particular area could adversely affect our ability to lease apartment homes and to increase or maintain rental rates. 

Attractive investment opportunities may not be available, which could adversely affect our profitability. 

We expect that other real estate investors, including insurance companies, pension funds, other REITs and other well-capitalized investors, will compete
with us to acquire existing properties and to develop new properties. This competition could increase prices for properties of the type we would likely pursue and adversely affect our profitability. 

Capital and credit market conditions may adversely affect our access to various sources of capital and/or the cost of capital, which could impact
our business activities, dividends, earnings, and common stock price, among other things. 

In periods when the capital and credit
markets experience significant volatility, the amounts, sources and cost of capital available to us may be adversely affected. We primarily use external financing to fund construction and to refinance indebtedness as it matures. If sufficient
sources of external financing are not available to us on cost effective terms, we could be forced to limit our development and redevelopment activity and/or take other actions to fund our business activities and repayment of debt, such as selling
assets, reducing our cash dividend or paying out less than 100% of our taxable income. To the extent that we are able and/or choose to access capital at a higher cost than we have experienced in recent years (reflected in higher interest rates for
debt financing or a lower stock price for equity financing) our earnings per share and cash flows could be adversely affected. In addition, the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly and/or decline in a high interest rate or volatile
economic environment. We believe that the lenders under our Credit Facility will fulfill their lending obligations thereunder, but if economic conditions deteriorate, there can be no assurance that the ability of those lenders to fulfill their
obligations would not be adversely impacted. 

Insufficient cash flow could affect our debt financing and create refinancing risk.

We are subject to the risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet
required payments of principal and interest. In this regard, we note that in order for us to continue to qualify as a REIT, we are required to annually distribute dividends generally equal to at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, computed without
regard to the dividends paid deduction and our net capital gain. This requirement limits the amount of our cash flow available to meet required principal and interest payments. The principal outstanding balance on a portion of our debt will not be
fully amortized prior to its maturity. Although we may be able to repay our debt by using our cash flows, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient cash flows available to make all required principal payments. Therefore, we may need to
refinance at least a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. There is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing debt or that a refinancing will not be done on as favorable terms; either of these outcomes could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

8 

Rising interest rates could increase interest costs and could affect the market price of our common
stock. 

We currently have, and may in the future incur, contractual variable interest rate debt, as well as effective variable
interest rate debt achieved through the use of qualifying hedging relationships. In addition, we regularly seek access to both fixed and variable rate debt financing to repay maturing debt and to finance our development and redevelopment activity.
Accordingly, if interest rates increase, our interest costs will also rise, unless we have made arrangements that hedge the risk of rising interest rates. In addition, an increase in market interest rates may lead purchasers of our common stock to
demand a greater annual dividend yield, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Bond financing and zoning
compliance requirements could limit our income, restrict the use of communities and cause favorable financing to become unavailable. 

We have financed some of our apartment communities with obligations issued by local government agencies because the interest paid to the holders of this
debt is generally exempt from federal income taxes and, therefore, the interest rate is generally more favorable to us. These obligations are commonly referred to as “tax-exempt bonds” and generally must be secured by mortgages on our
communities. As a condition to obtaining tax-exempt financing, or on occasion as a condition to obtaining favorable zoning in some jurisdictions, we will commit to make some of the apartments in a community available to households whose income does
not exceed certain thresholds (e.g., 50% or 80% of area median income), or who meet other qualifying tests. As of December 31, 2011, approximately 6.11% of our apartment homes at current operating communities were under income limitations such
as these. These commitments, which may run without expiration or may expire after a period of time (such as 15 or 20 years) may limit our ability to raise rents and, in consequence, can also adversely affect the value of the communities subject to
these restrictions. 

In addition, some of our tax-exempt bond financing documents require us to obtain a guarantee from a financial
institution of payment of the principal of, and interest on, the bonds. The guarantee may take the form of a letter of credit, surety bond, guarantee agreement or other additional collateral. If the financial institution defaults in its guarantee
obligations, or if we are unable to renew the applicable guarantee or otherwise post satisfactory collateral, a default will occur under the applicable tax-exempt bonds and the community could be foreclosed upon if we do not redeem the bonds.

Risks related to indebtedness. 

We have a Credit Facility with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swing lender, issuing bank and a bank, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as a bank and as syndication agent, Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, Morgan Stanley Bank and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., each as a bank and as documentation agent, Barclays Bank PLC as a bank and as co-documentation agent, UBS Securities LLC as a co-documentation agent, The Bank of New York Mellon, BBVA
Compass Bank, PNC Bank, National Association, and Suntrust Bank, each as a bank and as a managing agent, Branch Banking and Trust Company, Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., and Citizens Bank, each as a bank and as a co-agent, and the other bank
parties signatory thereto. Our organizational documents do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness that may be incurred. Accordingly, subject to compliance with outstanding debt covenants, we could incur more debt, resulting in an
increased risk of default on our obligations and an increase in debt service requirements that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

The mortgages on those of our properties subject to secured debt, our Credit Facility and the indenture under which a substantial portion of our debt was issued contain customary restrictions,
requirements and other limitations, as well as certain financial and operating covenants including maintenance of certain financial ratios. Maintaining compliance with these restrictions could limit our flexibility. A default in these requirements,
if uncured, could result in a requirement that we repay indebtedness, which could severely affect our liquidity and increase our financing costs. Refer to Item 7., “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations,” for further discussion. 

The mortgages on those of our properties subject to secured debt generally include
provisions which stipulate a prepayment penalty or payment that we will be obligated to pay in the event that we elect to repay the mortgage note prior to the earlier of (i) the stated maturity of the note, or (ii) the date at which the
mortgage note is prepayable without such penalty or payment. If we elect to repay some or all of the outstanding principal balance for our mortgage notes, we may incur prepayment penalties or payments under these provisions which could adversely
affect our results of operations. 

9 

Failure to maintain our current credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds, related
margins, liquidity and access to capital markets. 

There are two major debt rating agencies that routinely evaluate and rate our debt.
These ratings are based on a number of factors, which include their assessment of our financial strength, liquidity, capital structure, asset quality amount of real estate under development, and sustainability of cash flow and earnings, among other
factors. If market conditions change, we may not be able to maintain our current credit ratings, which could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, and access to capital markets. 

We could be negatively impacted by the condition of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. 

Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are a major source of secured financing to the multifamily industry and we have used Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac for a portion of our financing needs. In February 2011, the Obama
administration released a report calling for the winding down of the role that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac play in the mortgage market. A final decision by the government to eliminate Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac or reduce their acquisitions or
guarantees of multifamily community loans may adversely affect interest rates, capital availability, and the value of multifamily communities. 

Failure to generate sufficient revenue or other liquidity needs could limit cash flow available for distributions to stockholders.

A decrease in rental revenue or other liquidity needs, including the repayment of indebtedness or funding of our development
activities, could have an adverse effect on our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. Significant expenditures associated with each community such as debt service payments, if any, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs are
generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from a community. 

The form, timing and/or amount of dividend
distributions in future periods may vary and be impacted by economic and other considerations. 

The form, timing and/or amount of
dividend distributions will be declared at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on actual cash from operations, our financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the
Code and other factors as the Board of Directors may consider relevant. The Board of Directors may modify our dividend policy from time to time. 

We may choose to pay dividends in our own stock, in which case stockholders may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash they receive. 

We may distribute taxable dividends that are payable in part in our stock, as we did in the fourth quarter of 2008. Taxable stockholders receiving such
dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be required to pay tax with
respect to such dividends in excess of the cash received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend,
depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend
that is payable in stock. In addition, the trading price of our stock would experience downward pressure if a significant number of our stockholders sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends. 

Debt financing may not be available and equity issuances could be dilutive to our stockholders. 

Our ability to execute our business strategy depends on our access to an appropriate blend of debt and equity financing. Debt financing may not be
available in sufficient amounts or on favorable terms. If we issue additional equity securities, the interests of existing stockholders could be diluted. 

Difficulty of selling apartment communities could limit flexibility. 

Federal tax
laws may limit our ability to earn a gain on the sale of a community (unless we own it through a subsidiary which will incur a taxable gain upon sale) if we are found to have held, acquired or developed the community primarily with the intent to
resell the community, and this limitation may affect our ability to sell communities without adversely affecting returns to our stockholders. In addition, real estate in our markets can at times be difficult to sell quickly at prices we find
acceptable. These potential difficulties in selling real estate in our markets may limit our ability to change or reduce the apartment communities in our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. 

10 

Acquisitions may not yield anticipated results. 

Our business strategy includes acquiring as well as developing communities. Our acquisition activities and their success may be exposed to the following
risks: 

•

 an acquired property may fail to perform as we expected in analyzing our investment; and 

•

 our estimate of the costs of repositioning or redeveloping an acquired property may prove inaccurate. 

Failure to succeed in new markets, or with new brands and community formats, or in activities other than the development, ownership and operation
of residential rental communities may have adverse consequences. 

We may from time to time commence development activity or make
acquisitions outside of our existing market areas if appropriate opportunities arise. Our historical experience in our existing markets in developing, owning and operating rental communities does not ensure that we will be able to operate
successfully in new markets, should we choose to enter them. We may be exposed to a variety of risks if we choose to enter new markets, including an inability to accurately evaluate local apartment market conditions; an inability to obtain land for
development or to identify appropriate acquisition opportunities; an inability to hire and retain key personnel; and lack of familiarity with local governmental and permitting procedures. 

Although we are primarily in the multifamily business, we also own and lease ancillary retail space when a retail component represents the best use of the space, as is often the case with large urban
in-fill developments. We also may engage or have an interest in for-sale activity. We may be unsuccessful in owning and leasing retail space at our communities or in developing real estate with the intent to sell, which could have an adverse effect
on our results of operations. 

We are currently implementing two new brands of communities that target various customer preferences. We cannot
assure that these brands will be successful or that our costs in developing and implementing these brands will result in incremental revenue and earnings. 

Land we hold with no current intent to develop may be subject to future impairment charges. 

We own parcels of land that we do not currently intend to develop. As discussed in Item 2., “Communities – Other Land and Real Estate Assets,” in the event that the fair market value
of a parcel changes such that we determine that the carrying basis of the parcel reflected in our financial statements is greater than the parcel’s then current fair value, less costs to dispose, we would be subject to an impairment charge,
which would reduce our net income. 

Risks involved in real estate activity through joint ventures. 

Instead of acquiring or developing apartment communities directly, at times we invest as a partner or a co-venturer. Joint venture investments (including
investments through partnerships or limited liability companies) involve risks, including the possibility that our partner might become insolvent or otherwise refuse to make capital contributions when due; that we may be responsible to our partner
for indemnifiable losses; that our partner might at any time have business goals which are inconsistent with ours; and that our partner may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our instructions or requests. Frequently, we
and our partner may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner’s interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction. 

Risks associated with an investment in and management of discretionary real estate investment funds. 

We formed Fund I and Fund II, in which we have an equity interest of 15.2% and 31.3%, respectively, which, through wholly-owned subsidiaries, we manage
as the general partner and in which we have invested an aggregate of approximately $146,465,000, net of distributions to us at December 31, 2011. The investment period for both Funds is over. These Funds present risks, including the following:

•

 our subsidiaries that are the general partners of the Funds are generally liable, under partnership law, for the debts and obligations of the
respective Funds, subject to certain exculpation and indemnification rights pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement of the Funds; 

11 

•

 investors in the Funds holding a majority of the partnership interests may remove us as the general partner without cause, subject to our right to
receive an additional nine months of management fees after such removal and our right to acquire one of the properties then held by the Funds; 

•

 while we have broad discretion to manage the Funds and make investment decisions on behalf of the Funds, the investors or an advisory committee
comprised of representatives of the investors must approve certain matters, and as a result we may be unable to cause the Funds to implement certain decisions that we consider beneficial; and 

•

 we may be liable and/or our status as a REIT may be jeopardized if either the Funds, or the REITs through which a number of investors have invested in
the Funds and which we manage, fail to comply with various tax or other regulatory matters. 

Risk of earthquake
damage. 

As further described in Item 2., “Communities – Insurance and Risk of Uninsured Losses,” many of our West
Coast communities are located in the general vicinity of active earthquake faults. We cannot assure you that an earthquake would not cause damage or losses greater than insured levels. In the event of a loss in excess of insured limits, we could
lose our capital invested in the affected community, as well as anticipated future revenue from that community. We would also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the community. Any such loss
could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition and results of operations. 

Insurance coverage for earthquakes
can be costly due to limited industry capacity. As a result, we may experience shortages in desired coverage levels if market conditions are such that insurance is not available or the cost of insurance makes it, in management’s view,
economically impractical. 

A significant uninsured property or liability loss could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. 

In addition to the earthquake insurance discussed above, we carry commercial general liability
insurance, property insurance and terrorism insurance with respect to our communities on terms we consider commercially reasonable. There are, however, certain types of losses (such as losses arising from acts of war) that are not insured, in full
or in part, because they are either uninsurable or the cost of insurance makes it, in management’s view, economically impractical. If an uninsured property loss or a property loss in excess of insured limits were to occur, we could lose our
capital invested in a community, as well as the anticipated future revenues from such community. We would also continue to be obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the community. If an uninsured liability to a
third party were to occur, we would incur the cost of defense and settlement with, or court ordered damages to, that third party. A significant uninsured property or liability loss could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial
condition and results of operations. 

We may incur costs and increased expenses to repair property damage resulting from inclement
weather. 

Particularly in New England, the New York and New Jersey Metro area and the Midwest, we are exposed to risks associated with
inclement winter weather, including increased costs for the removal of snow and ice as well as from delays in construction. In addition, inclement weather could increase the need for maintenance and repair of our communities. 

We may incur costs due to environmental contamination or non-compliance. 

Under various federal, state and local environmental and public health laws, regulations and ordinances, we may be required, regardless of knowledge or responsibility, to investigate and remediate the
effects of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at our properties (including in some cases natural substances such as methane and radon gas) and may be held liable under these laws or common law to a governmental entity or to
third parties for property, personal injury or natural resources damages and for investigation and remediation costs incurred as a result of the contamination. These damages and costs may be substantial and may exceed any insurance coverage we have
for such events. The presence of such substances, or the failure to properly remediate the contamination, may adversely affect our ability to borrow against, sell or rent the affected property. 

In addition, some environmental laws create or allow a government agency to impose a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages
and costs it incurs as a result of the contamination. 

The development, construction and operation of our communities are subject to
regulations and permitting under various federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances, which regulate matters including wetlands protection, storm water runoff and wastewater discharge. Noncompliance with such laws and regulations may
subject us to fines and penalties. We do not currently anticipate that we will incur any material liabilities as a result of noncompliance with these laws. 

12 

Certain federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances govern the removal, encapsulation or
disturbance of asbestos containing materials (“ACMs”) when such materials are in poor condition or in the event of renovation or demolition of a building. These laws and the common law may impose liability for release of ACMs and may allow
third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury associated with exposure to ACMs. We are not aware that any ACMs were used in the construction of the communities we developed. ACMs were, however, used
in the construction of a number of the communities that we acquired. We implement an operations and maintenance program at each of the communities at which ACMs are detected. We do not currently anticipate that we will incur any material liabilities
as a result of the presence of ACMs at our communities. 

We are aware that some of our communities have lead paint and have implemented an
operations and maintenance program at each of those communities. We do not currently anticipate that we will incur any material liabilities as a result of the presence of lead paint at our communities. 

We are also aware that environmental agencies and third parties have, in the case of certain properties with on-site or nearby contamination, asserted
claims for remediation or personal injury based on the alleged actual or potential intrusion into buildings of chemical vapors from soils or groundwater underlying or in the vicinity of those buildings or on nearby properties. We currently do not
anticipate that we will incur any material liabilities as a result of vapor intrusion at our communities. 

All of our stabilized operating
communities, and all of the communities that we are currently developing, have been subjected to at least a Phase I or similar environmental assessment, which generally does not involve invasive techniques such as soil or ground water sampling.
These assessments, together with subsurface assessments conducted on some properties, have not revealed, and we are not otherwise aware of, any environmental conditions that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, assets,
financial condition or results of operations. In connection with our ownership, operation and development of communities, from time to time we undertake substantial remedial action in response to the presence of subsurface or other contaminants,
including contaminants in soil, groundwater and soil vapor beneath or affecting our buildings. In some cases, an indemnity exists upon which we may be able to rely if environmental liability arises from the contamination or remediation costs exceed
estimates. There can be no assurance, however, that all necessary remediation actions have been or will be undertaken at our properties or that we will be indemnified, in full or at all, in the event that environmental liability arises. 

Mold growth may occur when excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, particularly if the moisture problem remains
undiscovered or is not addressed over a period of time. Although the occurrence of mold at multifamily and other structures, and the need to remediate such mold, is not a new phenomenon, there has been increased awareness in recent years that
certain molds may in some instances lead to adverse health effects, including allergic or other reactions. To help limit mold growth, we educate residents about the importance of adequate ventilation and request or require that they notify us when
they see mold or excessive moisture. We have established procedures for promptly addressing and remediating mold or excessive moisture from apartment homes when we become aware of its presence regardless of whether we or the resident believe a
health risk is presented. However, we cannot provide assurance that mold or excessive moisture will be detected and remediated in a timely manner. If a significant mold problem arises at one of our communities, we could be required to undertake a
costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold from the affected community and could be exposed to other liabilities that may exceed any applicable insurance coverage. 

Additionally, we have occasionally been involved in developing, managing, leasing and operating various properties for third parties. Consequently, we may be considered to have been an operator of such