You should carefully consider each of the following risks associated with an investment in our publicly
traded securities and all of the other information in this 2006 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our business may also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial. If any of the
events contemplated by the following discussion of risks should occur, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 

8 

Our success depends on our ability to execute fully our global business strategy. 

Our ability to implement the key initiatives of our global business strategy is dependent upon a number of factors, including our ability to: 

•

 implement our multi-year restructuring initiatives and achieve anticipated benefits from these initiatives; 

•

 increase our beauty sales and market share, and strengthen our brand image; 

•

 realize anticipated cost savings and reinvest such savings effectively in consumer-oriented investments and other aspects of our business; 

•

 implement appropriate product mix and pricing strategies including our product line simplification program; 

•

 implement enterprise resource planning and our strategic sourcing initiative, and realize efficiencies across our supply chain, marketing processes, sales model and
organizational structure; 

•

 implement cash management, tax, foreign currency hedging and risk management strategies; 

•

 implement our Sales Leadership program globally, recruit Representatives, enhance the Representative experience and increase their productivity through investments in the
direct selling channel; and 

•

 reach new consumers through a combination of new brands, new businesses, new channels and pursuit of strategic opportunities such as acquisitions, joint ventures and
strategic alliances with other companies. 

There can be no assurance that any of these initiatives will be successfully and fully executed within
the planned time periods. 

We may experience difficulties, delays or unexpected costs in completing our multi-year turnaround plan, including achieving the
anticipated benefits of our multi-year restructuring initiatives. 

In November 2005, we announced a multi-year turnaround plan as part of a major drive to fuel
revenue growth and expand profit margins, while increasing consumer investments. As part of the turnaround plan, restructuring initiatives include: enhancement of organizational effectiveness, implementation of a global manufacturing strategy
through facilities realignment, additional supply chain efficiencies in the areas of procurement and distribution and streamlining of transactional and other services through outsourcing and moves to low-cost countries. We may not realize, in full
or in part, the anticipated benefits from one or more of these initiatives, and other events and circumstances, such as difficulties, delays or unexpected costs, may occur which could result in our not realizing all or any of the 
anticipated benefits. If we are unable to realize these benefits, our ability to continue to fund planned advertising, market intelligence, consumer research and product innovation initiatives may be adversely affected. In
addition, our plans to invest these benefits ahead of future growth means that such costs will be incurred whether or not we realize these benefits. Finally, the costs of implementing the restructuring plan are expected to be in the range of $500
million before taxes, a significant portion of which has not yet been incurred. 

We are also subject to the risk of business disruption in connection with our
multi-year restructuring initiatives, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

There can be no
assurance that we will be able to achieve our growth objectives. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve profitable growth in the future. In
developed markets, such as the United States, we seek to achieve growth in line with that of the overall beauty market, while in developing and emerging markets we have higher growth targets. Our growth overall is also subject to the strengths and
weakness of our individual markets, including our international markets. Our ability to increase revenue and earnings depends on numerous factors, and there can be no assurance that our current or future business strategies will lead to such
increases. 

Our business is conducted worldwide primarily in one channel, direct selling. 

Our business is conducted worldwide, primarily in the direct selling channel. Sales are made to the ultimate consumer principally through 5.3 million independent Representatives worldwide. There is a high rate of turnover among
Representatives, which is a common characteristic of the direct selling business. As a result, in order to maintain our business and grow our business in the future, we need to retain and recruit Representatives on a continuing basis. If consumers
change their purchasing habits, such as by reducing purchases of beauty and related products from Representatives or buying beauty and related products in channels other than in direct selling, this could reduce our sales and have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our competitors establish greater market share in the direct selling channel, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. Furthermore,
if any government bans or severely restricts our business method of direct selling, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. 

9 

Our ability to conduct business, particularly in international markets, may be affected by political, legal and regulatory risks.

Our ability to capitalize on growth in new international markets and to maintain the current level of operations in our existing international markets is exposed to
risks associated with our international operations, including: 

•

 the possibility that a foreign government might ban or severely restrict our business method of direct selling, or that local civil unrest, political instability or changes
in diplomatic or trade relationships might disrupt our operations in an international market; 

•

 the possibility that a government authority might impose legal, tax or other financial burdens on our Representatives, as direct sellers, or on Avon, due, for example, to the
structure of our operations in various markets; and 

•

 the possibility that a government authority might challenge the status of our Representatives as independent contractors or impose employment or social taxes on our
Representatives. 

For example, in 1998, the Chinese government banned direct selling but, subsequently in April 2005, the Chinese government
granted approval for us to proceed with a limited test of direct selling in certain areas. The Chinese government later issued direct selling regulations in late 2005, and we were granted a direct selling license by China’s Ministry of Commerce
in late February 2006, which has allowed us to commence direct selling under such regulations. However, there can be no assurance that these and other regulations and approvals will not be rescinded, restricted or otherwise altered, which may have a
material adverse effect on our direct selling business in China. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully transition our business in China in connection with the resumption of direct selling in that market and successfully
operate using the direct selling model currently in place or that may be subsequently permitted in that market, or that we will experience growth in that or other emerging markets. The introduction of new channels in our business, such as the direct
selling channel in China, may also negatively impact existing sales. We may encounter similar political, legal and regulatory risks in Central and Eastern Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East and Africa. 

We are also subject to changes in other foreign laws, rules, regulations or policies, such as restrictions on trade, import and export license requirements, tariffs and taxes. In
addition, we face legal and regulatory risks in the United States and, in particular, cannot predict with certainty the outcome of various contingencies or the impact that pending or future legislative and regulatory changes may have on our business
in the future. 

We are subject to other risks related to our international operations,
including exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. 

We operate globally, through operations in various locations around the world, and derive approximately 75% of
our consolidated revenue from our operations outside of the U.S. One risk associated with our international operations is the possibility that a foreign government may impose new currency remittance restrictions. Another risk associated with our
international operations is that the functional currency for most of our international operations is the applicable local currency. Although we implement foreign currency hedging and risk management strategies to reduce our exposure to fluctuations
in earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign exchange rates, there can be no assurance that foreign currency fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Third party suppliers provide, among other things, the raw materials used to manufacture our CFT products, and the loss of these suppliers or a disruption or
interruption in the supply chain may adversely affect our business. 

We manufacture and package almost all of our CFT products. Raw materials, consisting chiefly of
essential oils, chemicals, containers and packaging components, are purchased from various third party suppliers for our CFT products. Almost all of our non-CFT products are purchased from various suppliers. Additionally, we produce the brochures
that are used by Representatives to sell Avon products. The loss of multiple suppliers or a significant disruption or interruption in the supply chain could have a material adverse effect on the manufacturing and packaging of our CFT products, the
purchasing of our non-CFT products or the production of our brochures. This risk may be exacerbated by our recently announced strategic sourcing initiative, which is expected to shift our purchasing strategy toward a global supplier orientation.
Furthermore, increases in the costs of raw materials may adversely affect our profit margins if we are unable to pass along any higher costs in the form of price increases or otherwise achieve cost efficiencies in manufacturing and distribution.

The loss of or a disruption in our manufacturing and distribution operations could adversely affect our business. 

Our principal properties consist of worldwide manufacturing facilities for the production of CFT products, distribution centers where offices are located and where finished
merchandise is packed and shipped to Representatives in fulfillment of their 

10 

orders, and one principal research and development facility. Therefore, as a company engaged in manufacturing, distribution and research and development on a global
scale, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including industrial accidents, environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, disruptions in logistics or information systems, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites,
product quality control, safety, licensing requirements and other regulatory issues, as well as natural disasters, acts of terrorism and other external factors over which we have no control. The loss of, or damage to, any of our facilities or
centers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

A general economic downturn or sudden disruption in
business conditions may affect consumer purchases of discretionary items, including beauty and related products, which could adversely affect our business. 

Consumer
spending is generally affected by a number of factors, including general economic conditions, inflation, interest rates, energy costs, and consumer confidence generally, all of which are beyond our control. Consumer purchases of discretionary items
tend to decline during recessionary periods, when disposable income is lower, and may impact sales of our products. In addition, sudden disruptions in business conditions as a result of a terrorist attack similar to the events of September 11,
2001, including further attacks, retaliation and the threat of further attacks or retaliation, war, adverse weather conditions or other natural disasters, such as Hurricane Katrina, pandemic situations or large scale power outages can have a short
or, sometimes, long-term impact on consumer spending. A downturn in the economies in which we sell our products or a sudden disruption of business conditions in those economies could adversely affect our sales. 

Our success depends, in part, on the quality and safety of our products. 

Our success depends,
in part, on the quality and safety of our products. If our products are found to be defective or unsafe, or if they otherwise fail to meet our Representatives’ or end customers’ standards, our relationship with our Representatives or end
customers could suffer, we could need to recall some of our products, our reputation could be diminished, and we could lose market share and/or become subject to liability claims, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our information technology
systems may be susceptible to disruptions. 

We employ information technology systems to support our business, including systems to support financial reporting, an
Enterprise Resource Planning (“ERP”) system which we are implementing on a worldwide basis, and an internal communication and data transfer network. We also employ information technology systems to support Representatives in many of our
markets, including electronic order collection and invoicing systems and on-line training. We have Internet sites in many of our markets, including business-to-business sites to support Representatives. We have recently announced initiatives to
increase our reliance on employing information technology systems to support our Representatives, as well as initiatives, as part of our multi-year restructuring program, to outsource certain services, including the provision of global human
resources information technology systems to our employees. Any of these systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins and similar events. Despite the implementation of network security
measures, our systems may also be vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with these systems. The occurrence of these or other events could disrupt our information technology systems and
adversely affect our operation. 

Any future acquisitions may expose us to additional risks. 

We continuously review acquisition prospects that would complement our current product offerings, increase the size and geographic scope of our operations or otherwise offer growth and operating efficiency opportunities. The
financing for any of these acquisitions could dilute the interests of our stockholders, result in an increase in our indebtedness or both. Acquisitions may entail numerous risks, including: 

•

 difficulties in assimilating acquired operations or products, including the loss of key employees from acquired businesses and disruption to our direct selling channel;

•

 diversion of management’s attention from our core business; 

•

 adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; and 

•

 risks of entering markets in which we have limited or no prior experience. 

Our failure to successfully complete the integration of any acquired business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to
identify suitable acquisition candidates or consummate acquisitions on favorable terms. 

11 

Our success depends, in part, on our key personnel. 

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to retain our key personnel, including our executive officers and senior management team. The unexpected loss of one or more of our key employees could adversely affect our business. Our success
also depends, in part, on our continuing ability to identify, hire, train and retain other highly qualified personnel. Competition for these employees can be intense. We may not be able to attract, assimilate or retain qualified personnel in the
future, and our failure to do so could adversely affect our business. This risk may be exacerbated by the uncertainties associated with our multi-year restructuring initiatives. 

We face significant competition. 

We face competition from competing products in each of our lines of business, in both the domestic and
international markets. We compete against products sold directly to consumers by other direct-selling and direct sales companies and through the Internet, and against products sold through the mass market and prestige retail channels. 

Our principal competitors in the CFT industry are large and well-known cosmetics and fragrances companies that manufacture and sell broad product lines through various types of
retail establishments. There are many other companies that compete in more narrow CFT product lines sold through retail establishments. This industry is highly competitive, and some of our principal competitors in the CFT industry are larger than we
are and have greater resources than we do. Competitive activities on their part could cause our sales to suffer. We have many competitors in the highly competitive gift and decorative products and apparel industries globally, including retail
establishments, principally department stores, gift shops and specialty retailers, and direct-mail companies specializing in these products. Our principal competition in the highly competitive fashion jewelry industry consists of a few large
companies and many small companies that sell fashion jewelry through retail establishments. However, the number of competitors and degree of competition that we face in the CFT, gift and decorative products, apparel and fashion jewelry industries
varies widely from country to country. There are a number of direct-selling companies that sell product lines similar to ours, some of which also have worldwide operations and compete with us globally. 

If our advertising, promotional, merchandising or other marketing strategies are not successful, if we are unable to deliver new products that represent technological
breakthroughs, if we do not successfully manage the timing of new product introductions or the profitability of these efforts, or if for other reasons our Representatives or end customers perceive competitors’ products as having greater appeal,
then our sales and financial results may suffer. 

We are also subject to significant
competition for the recruitment of Representatives from other direct selling or network marketing organizations, including those that market personal care products, dietary and nutritional supplements and weight management products. As a result, it
is continually necessary to recruit and retain new Representatives and if we are unable to do so our business will be adversely affected. 

Our ability to anticipate
and respond to market trends and changes in consumer preferences could affect our financial results. 

Our continued success depends on our ability to anticipate,
gauge and react in a timely and effective manner to changes in consumer spending patterns and preferences for beauty and related products. We must continually work to develop, produce and market new products, maintain and enhance the recognition of
our brands, achieve a favorable mix of products, and refine our approach as to how and where we market and sell our products. While we devote considerable effort and resources to shape, analyze and respond to consumer preferences, consumer spending
patterns and preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and can change rapidly. If we are unable to anticipate and respond to trends in the market for beauty and related products and changing consumer demands, our financial results will suffer.
This risk may be exacerbated by our product line simplification program, which will lead to significant changes to our product offerings. 

Furthermore, material
shifts or decreases in market demand for our products, including as a result of changes in consumer spending patterns and preferences, could result in us carrying inventory that cannot be sold at anticipated prices or increased product returns by
our Representatives. Failure to maintain proper inventory levels or increased product returns by our Representatives could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, specifically patents and trademarks, our ability to compete could be negatively impacted. 

The market for our products depends to a significant extent upon the value associated with our patents and trademarks. We own the material patents and trademarks used in connection
with the marketing and distribution of our major products both in the United States and in other countries where such products are principally sold. Although most of our material intellectual property is registered in the United States and in
certain foreign countries in which we operate, there can be no assurance with respect to the rights associated with such intellectual property in 

12 

those countries. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries, including many emerging markets, such as China, may not protect our intellectual property rights
to the same extent as the laws of the United States. The costs required to protect our patents and trademarks may be substantial. 

We are involved, and may become
involved in the future, in legal proceedings that, if adversely adjudicated or settled, could adversely affect our financial results. 

We are and may, in the future,
become party to litigation, including, for example, claims relating to our customer service or advertisings, or alleging violation of the federal securities or ERISA laws and/or state law. In general, litigation claims can be expensive and time
consuming to bring or defend against and could result in settlements or damages that could significantly affect financial results. We are currently vigorously contesting certain of these litigation claims. However, it is not possible to predict the
final resolution of the litigation to which we currently are or may in the future become party to, and the impact of certain of these matters on our business, results of operations and financial condition could be material. 

Significant changes in pension fund investment performance or assumptions relating to pension costs may have a material effect on the valuation of pension obligations, the funded
status of pension plans and our pension cost. 

Our funding policy for pension plans is to accumulate plan assets that, over the long run, will approximate the present
value of projected benefit obligations. Our pension cost is materially affected by the discount rate used to measure pension obligations, the level of plan assets available to fund those obligations at the measurement date and the expected long-term
rate of return on plan assets. Significant changes in investment performance or a change in the portfolio mix of invested assets can result in corresponding increases and decreases in the valuation of plan assets, particularly equity securities, or
in a change of the expected rate of return on plan assets. A change in the discount rate would result in a significant increase or decrease in the valuation of pension obligations, affecting the reported funded status of our pension plans as well as
the net periodic pension cost in the following fiscal years. Similarly, changes in the expected return on plan assets can result in significant changes in the net periodic pension cost of the following fiscal years. During the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2006, we contributed approximately $160.0 to the plans. 

The market
price of our common stock could be subject to fluctuations as a result of many factors. 

Factors that could affect the trading price of our common stock include the
following: 

•

 variations in operating results; 

•

 economic conditions and volatility in the financial markets; 

•

 announcements or significant developments with respect to beauty and related products or the beauty industry in general; 

•

 actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly or annual financial results; 

•

 governmental policies and regulations; 

•

 estimates of our future performance or that of our competitors or our industries; 

•

 general economic, political, and market conditions; and 

•

 factors relating to competitors. 

The trading price of our common stock
has been, and could in the future continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations.