You should carefully consider each of the
following risks associated with an investment in our publicly traded securities and all of the other information in this 2008 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our business may also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties not presently known to
us or that we currently believe to be immaterial. If any of the events contemplated by the following discussion of risks should occur, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 

Our success depends on our ability to execute fully our global business strategy. 

Our ability to implement the key initiatives of our global business strategy is dependent upon a number of factors, including our ability to: 

•

 implement our multi-year restructuring programs and achieve anticipated savings from the initiatives under these programs; 

•

 increase our beauty sales and market share, and strengthen our brand image; 

•

 realize anticipated cost savings and reinvest such savings effectively in consumer-oriented investments and other aspects of our business;

•

 implement appropriate product mix and pricing strategies, including our PLS program and achieve anticipated benefits from these strategies;

•

 implement enterprise resource planning and SSI and realize efficiencies across our supply chain, marketing processes, sales model and organizational structure;

•

 implement customer service initiatives, the Sales and Operation Planning process and a zero overhead growth philosophy; 

•

 implement our outsourcing strategies; 

•

 implement initiatives to reduce inventory levels; 

•

 maintain appropriate cash flow levels and implement cash management, tax, foreign currency hedging and risk management strategies; 

•

 implement our Sales Leadership program globally, recruit Representatives, enhance the Representative experience and increase their productivity through investments
in the direct selling channel; 

•

 reach new consumers through a combination of new brands, new businesses, new channels and pursuit of strategic opportunities such as acquisitions, joint ventures
and strategic alliances with other companies; and 

•

 estimate and achieve any projections concerning future revenue and operating margin increases. 

There can be no assurance that any of these initiatives will be successfully and fully executed in the amounts or within the time periods that we expect. 

We may experience difficulties, delays or unexpected costs in completing our multi-year turnaround plan, including achieving the anticipated savings of our multi-year
restructuring initiatives. 

In November 2005, we announced a multi-year turnaround plan as part of a major drive to fuel revenue growth and expand
profit margins, while increasing consumer investments. As part of the turnaround plan, restructuring initiatives include: enhancement of organizational effectiveness, implementation of a global manufacturing strategy through facilities realignment,
additional supply chain efficiencies in the areas of procurement and distribution and streamlining of transactional and other services through outsourcing and moves to low-cost countries. As part of the turnaround plan, we also launched our PLS
program and SSI initiative. In February 2009, we announced a new restructuring program under our multi-year turnaround plan. 

We may not realize, in full
or in part, the anticipated savings or benefits from one or more of these initiatives, and other events and circumstances, such as difficulties, delays or unexpected costs, may occur which could result in our not realizing all or any of the
anticipated savings or benefits. If we are unable to realize these savings or benefits, our ability to continue to fund planned advertising, market intelligence, consumer research and product innovation initiatives may be adversely affected. In
addition, our plans to invest these savings and benefits ahead of future growth means that such costs will be incurred whether or not we realize these savings and benefits. 

We are also subject to the risk of business disruption in connection with our multi-year restructuring programs or other strategic initiatives, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results. 

10 

Table of Contents

There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our growth objectives or maintain rates of growth.

There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve profitable growth in the future or maintain rates of growth. In developed markets, such as
the U.S., we seek to achieve growth in line with that of the overall beauty market, while in developing and emerging markets we have higher growth targets. Our growth overall is also subject to the strengths and weakness of our individual markets,
including our international markets, which are or may be impacted by global economic conditions. We cannot assure you that our broad-based geographic portfolio will be able to withstand an economic downturn or recession in one or more particular
regions. Our ability to increase or maintain revenue and earnings depends on numerous factors, and there can be no assurance that our current or future business strategies will lead us to achieve our growth objectives or maintain our rates of
growth. 

Our business is conducted worldwide primarily in one channel, direct selling. 

Our business is conducted worldwide, primarily in the direct-selling channel. Sales are made to the ultimate consumer principally through 5.8 million independent Representatives worldwide. There is a high rate of
turnover among Representatives, which is a common characteristic of the direct-selling business. As a result, in order to maintain our business and grow our business in the future, we need to recruit, retain and service Representatives on a
continuing basis. If consumers change their purchasing habits, such as by reducing purchases of beauty and related products generally, or reducing purchases from Representatives or buying beauty and related products in channels other than in direct
selling, this could reduce our sales and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our competitors establish greater market share in the direct-selling channel, our business, financial
condition and operating results may be adversely affected. Furthermore, if any government bans or severely restricts our business method of direct selling, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.

Our ability to conduct business, particularly in international markets, may be affected by political, legal and regulatory risks. 

Our ability to capitalize on growth in new international markets and to maintain the current level of operations in our existing international markets is exposed to risks
associated with our international operations, including: 

•

 the possibility that a foreign government might ban or severely restrict our business method of direct selling, or that local civil unrest, political instability or
changes in diplomatic or trade relationships might disrupt our operations in an international market; 

•

 the possibility that a government authority might impose legal, tax or other financial burdens on our Representatives, as direct sellers, or on Avon, due, for
example, to the structure of our operations in various markets; and 

•

 the possibility that a government authority might challenge the status of our Representatives as independent contractors or impose employment or social taxes on our
Representatives. 

For example, in 1998, the Chinese government banned direct selling but, subsequently in April 2005, the Chinese
government granted approval for us to proceed with a limited test of direct selling in certain areas. The Chinese government later issued direct-selling regulations in late 2005, and we were granted a direct-selling license by China’s Ministry
of Commerce in late February 2006, which has allowed us to commence direct selling under such regulations. However, there can be no assurance that these and other regulations and approvals will not be rescinded, restricted or otherwise altered,
which may have a material adverse effect on our direct selling business in China. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully transition our business in China in connection with the resumption of direct selling in that market and
successfully operate using the direct-selling model currently in place or that may be subsequently permitted in that market, or that we will experience growth in that or other emerging markets. The introduction of new channels in our business, such
as the direct selling channel in China, may also negatively impact existing sales. We may encounter similar political, legal and regulatory risks in other international markets in our portfolio. 

We are also subject to changes in other foreign laws, rules, regulations or policies, such as restrictions on trade, import and export license requirements, privacy and
data protection laws, and tariffs and taxes. In addition, we face legal and regulatory risks in the United States and, in particular, cannot predict with certainty the outcome of various contingencies or the impact that pending or future legislative
and regulatory changes may have on our business in the future. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has proposed business opportunity regulations which may have an effect upon the Company’s method of operating in the U.S. It is not possible to
gauge what any final regulation may provide, its effective date or its impact at this time. 

11 

Table of Contents

A general economic downturn, a recession globally or in one or more of our geographic regions or sudden disruption in
business conditions may adversely affect our business, including consumer purchases of discretionary items, such as beauty and related products. 

A
downturn in the economies in which we sell our products, including any recession in one or more of our geographic regions, or the current global macro-economic pressures, could adversely affect our business. Recent global economic events, especially
in North America, including job losses, the tightening of credit markets and failures of financial institutions and other entities, have resulted in challenges to our business and a heightened concern regarding further deterioration globally. If
conditions continue or worsen, we could experience potential declines in revenues, profitability and cash flow due to reduced orders, payment delays, supply chain disruptions or other factors caused by economic challenges faced by customers,
prospective customers and suppliers. Additionally, if these conditions continue or worsen, any one or all of them could potentially have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and capital resources, including our ability to issue commercial
paper or raise additional capital, the ability of lenders to maintain our credit lines, and our ability to maintain offshore cash balances, or otherwise negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Consumer spending is generally affected by a number of factors, including general economic conditions, inflation, interest rates, energy costs, gasoline prices and
consumer confidence generally, all of which are beyond our control. Consumer purchases of discretionary items tend to decline during recessionary periods, when disposable income is lower, and may impact sales of our products. We face a challenging
fiscal 2009 because customers may have less money for discretionary purchases as a result of job losses, foreclosures, bankruptcies, reduced access to credit and sharply falling home prices, among other things. 

In addition, sudden disruptions in business conditions as a result of a terrorist attack similar to the events of September 11, 2001, including further attacks,
retaliation and the threat of further attacks or retaliation, war, adverse weather conditions and climate changes or other natural disasters, such as Hurricane Katrina, pandemic situations or large scale power outages can have a short or, sometimes,
long-term impact on consumer spending. 

We face significant competition. 

We face competition from competing products in each of our lines of business, in both the domestic and international markets. Worldwide, we compete against products sold to consumers by other direct-selling and
direct-sales companies and through the Internet, and against products sold through the mass market and prestige retail channels. 

Within the direct selling
channel, we compete on a regional, and often country-by-country basis, with our direct-selling competitors. There are also a number of direct-selling companies that sell product lines similar to ours, some of which also have worldwide operations and
compete with us globally. Unlike most other beauty companies, we compete within a distinct business model where providing a compelling earnings opportunity for our Representatives is as critical as developing and marketing new and innovative
products. Therefore, in contrast to a typical consumer packaged goods (“CPG”) company which operates within a broad-based consumer pool, we must first compete for a limited pool of Representatives before we reach the ultimate consumer.

Direct sellers compete for representative or entrepreneurial talent by providing a more competitive earnings opportunity or “better deal” than
that offered by the competition. Representatives are attracted to a direct seller by competitive earnings opportunities, often through what are commonly known as “field incentives” in the direct selling industry. Competitors devote
substantial effort to finding out the effectiveness of such incentives so that they can invest in incentives that are the most cost effective or produce the better payback. As the largest and oldest beauty direct seller, Avon’s business model
and strategies are often highly sought after, particularly by smaller local and more nimble competitors who seek to capitalize on our investment and experience. As a result, we are subject to significant competition for the recruitment of
Representatives from other direct selling or network marketing organizations. It is therefore continually necessary to recruit and retain new Representatives and if we are unable to do so our business will be adversely affected. 

Within the broader CPG industry, we compete against large and well-known cosmetics and fragrances companies that manufacture and sell broad product lines through various
types of retail establishments. In addition, we compete against many other companies that manufacture and sell in more narrow CFT product lines sold through retail establishments. This industry is highly competitive, and some of our principal
competitors in the CPG industry are larger than we are and have greater resources than we do. Competitive activities on their part could cause our sales to suffer. We have many competitors in the highly competitive gift and decorative products and
apparel industries globally, including retail establishments, principally department stores, gift shops and specialty retailers, and direct-mail companies specializing in these products. Our principal competition in the highly competitive fashion
jewelry industry consists of a few large companies and many small companies that sell fashion jewelry through retail establishments. 

12 

Table of Contents

The number of competitors and degree of competition that we face in this beauty and related products industry varies
widely from country to country. If our advertising, promotional, merchandising or other marketing strategies are not successful, if we are unable to deliver new products that represent technological breakthroughs, if we do not successfully manage
the timing of new product introductions or the profitability of these efforts, or if for other reasons our Representatives or end customers perceive competitors’ products as having greater appeal, then our sales and financial results may
suffer. 

We are subject to other risks related to our international operations, including exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. 

We operate globally, through operations in various locations around the world, and derive approximately 80% of our consolidated revenue from our operations outside of the
U.S. 

One risk associated with our international operations is that the functional currency for most of our international operations is the applicable
local currency. Because of this, movements in exchange rates may have a significant impact on our earnings, cash flow and financial position. For example, currencies for which we have significant exposures include the Argentine peso, Brazilian real,
British pound, Canadian dollar, Chinese renminbi, Colombian peso, the Euro, Japanese yen, Mexican peso, Philippine peso, Polish zloty, Russian ruble, Turkish lira, Ukrainian hryvna and Venezuelan bolivar. Although we implement foreign currency
hedging and risk management strategies to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign exchange rates, there can be no assurance that foreign currency fluctuations will not have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Another risk associated with our international operations is the possibility that a
foreign government may impose currency remittance restrictions. Due to the possibility of government restrictions on transfers of cash out of the country and control of exchange rates, we may not be able to immediately repatriate cash at the
official exchange rate or if the official exchange rate devalues, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, currency restrictions enacted by the Venezuelan government in 2003
have become more restrictive and have impacted the ability of our subsidiary in Venezuela (“Avon Venezuela”) to obtain foreign currency at the official rate to pay for imported products. Unless official foreign exchange is made more
readily available, Avon Venezuela’s operations will continue to be negatively impacted as it will need to obtain more of its foreign currency needs from non-government sources where the exchange rate is less favorable than the official rate.

Inflation is another risk associated with our international operations. For example, inflation in Venezuela has continued to increase over the past few
years and it is possible that Venezuela will be designated as a highly inflationary economy during 2009. Gains and losses resulting from the translation of the financial statements of subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies are
recorded in earnings. If Venezuela is designated as a highly inflationary economy and there is a devaluation of the official rate, revenue and operating profit will be negatively impacted. 

Third-party suppliers provide, among other things, the raw materials used to manufacture our CFT products, and the loss of these suppliers or a disruption or
interruption in the supply chain may adversely affect our business. 

We manufacture and package almost all of our CFT products. Raw materials,
consisting chiefly of essential oils, chemicals, containers and packaging components, are purchased from various third-party suppliers for our CFT products. Almost all of our non-CFT products are purchased from various suppliers. Additionally, we
produce the brochures that are used by Representatives to sell Avon products. The loss of multiple suppliers or a significant disruption or interruption in the supply chain could have a material adverse effect on the manufacturing and packaging of
our CFT products, the purchasing of our non-CFT products or the production of our brochures. This risk may be exacerbated by SSI, which will shift our purchasing strategy toward a globally- coordinated effort. Furthermore, increases in the costs of
raw materials or other commodities may adversely affect our profit margins if we are unable to pass along any higher costs in the form of price increases or otherwise achieve cost efficiencies in manufacturing and distribution. 

The loss of or a disruption in our manufacturing and distribution operations could adversely affect our business. 

Our principal properties consist of worldwide manufacturing facilities for the production of CFT products, distribution centers where offices are located and where
finished merchandise is packed and shipped to Representatives in fulfillment of their orders, and one principal research and development facility. Therefore, as a company engaged in manufacturing, distribution and research and development on a
global scale, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including industrial accidents, environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, disruptions in logistics or information systems, loss or impairment of key manufacturing
sites, product quality control, safety, licensing requirements and other regulatory issues, as well as natural disasters, acts of terrorism and other external factors over which we have no control. The loss of, or damage to, any of our facilities or
centers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

13 

Table of Contents

Our success depends, in part, on the quality and safety of our products. 

Our success depends, in part, on the quality and safety of our products. If our products are found to be defective or unsafe, or if they otherwise fail to meet our
Representatives’ or end customers’ standards, our relationship with our Representatives or end customers could suffer, we could need to recall some of our products, our reputation or the appeal of our brand could be diminished, and we
could lose market share and/or become subject to liability claims, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Any future acquisitions may expose us to additional risks. 

We continuously review acquisition prospects that would
complement our current product offerings, increase the size and geographic scope of our operations or otherwise offer growth and operating efficiency opportunities. The financing for any of these acquisitions could dilute the interests of our
stockholders, result in an increase in our indebtedness or both. Acquisitions may entail numerous risks, including: 

•

 difficulties in assimilating acquired operations or products, including the loss of key employees from acquired businesses and disruption to our direct selling
channel; 

•

 diversion of management’s attention from our core business; 

•

 adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; and 

•

 risks of entering markets in which we have limited or no prior experience. 

Our failure to successfully complete the integration of any acquired business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, there can be no assurance
that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or consummate acquisitions on favorable terms. 

Our information technology systems may
be susceptible to disruptions. 

We employ information technology systems to support our business, including systems to support financial reporting, an
enterprise resource planning system which we are implementing on a worldwide basis, and an internal communication and data transfer network. We also employ information technology systems to support Representatives in many of our markets, including
electronic order collection and invoicing systems and on-line training. We have Internet sites in many of our markets, including business-to-business sites to support Representatives. We have undertaken initiatives to increase our reliance on
employing information technology systems to support our Representatives, as well as initiatives, as part of our multi-year restructuring program, to outsource certain services, including the provision of global human resources information technology
systems to our employees and other information technology processes. Any of these systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, break-ins and similar events. Despite the
implementation of network security measures, our systems may also be vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with these systems. The occurrence of these or other events could disrupt our
information technology systems and adversely affect our operation. 

Our success depends, in part, on our key personnel. 

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to retain our key personnel, including our executive officers and senior management team. The unexpected loss of one or more
of our key employees could adversely affect our business. Our success also depends, in part, on our continuing ability to identify, hire, train and retain other highly qualified personnel. Competition for these employees can be intense. We may not
be able to attract, assimilate or retain qualified personnel in the future, and our failure to do so could adversely affect our business. This risk may be exacerbated by the uncertainties associated with the implementation of our multi-year
restructuring plan. 

Our ability to anticipate and respond to market trends and changes in consumer preferences could affect our financial results. 

Our continued success depends on our ability to anticipate, gauge and react in a timely and effective manner to changes in consumer spending patterns and
preferences for beauty and related products. We must continually work to develop, produce and market new products, maintain and enhance the recognition of our brands, achieve a favorable mix of products, and refine our approach as to how and where
we market and sell our products. While we devote considerable effort and resources to shape, analyze and respond to consumer preferences, consumer spending patterns and preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and can change rapidly. If we are
unable to anticipate and respond to trends in the market for beauty and related products and changing consumer demands, our financial results will suffer. This risk may be exacerbated by our product line simplification (“PLS”) program,
which will lead to significant changes to our product offerings. 

14 

Table of Contents

Furthermore, material shifts or decreases in market demand for our products, including as a result of changes in consumer
spending patterns and preferences, could result in us carrying inventory that cannot be sold at anticipated prices or increased product returns by our Representatives. Failure to maintain proper inventory levels or increased product returns by our
Representatives could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If we are unable to protect
our intellectual property rights, specifically patents and trademarks, our ability to compete could be negatively impacted. 

The market for our products
depends to a significant extent upon the value associated with our patents and trademarks. We own the material patents and trademarks used in connection with the marketing and distribution of our major products both in the U.S. and in other
countries where such products are principally sold. Although most of our material intellectual property is registered in the U.S. and in certain foreign countries in which we operate, there can be no assurance with respect to the rights associated
with such intellectual property in those countries. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries, including many emerging markets, such as China, may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. The
costs required to protect our patents and trademarks may be substantial. 

We are involved, and may become involved in the future, in legal proceedings
that, if adversely adjudicated or settled, could adversely affect our financial results. 

We are and may, in the future, become party to litigation,
including, for example, claims relating to our customer service or advertisings, or alleging violation of the federal securities or ERISA laws and/or state law. In general, litigation claims can be expensive and time consuming to bring or defend
against and could result in settlements or damages that could significantly affect financial results. We are currently vigorously contesting certain of these litigation claims. However, it is not possible to predict the final resolution of the
litigation to which we currently are or may in the future become party to, and the impact of certain of these matters on our business, results of operations and financial condition could be material. 

Significant changes in pension fund investment performance, assumptions relating to pension costs or required legal changes in pension funding rules may have a
material effect on the valuation of pension obligations, the funded status of pension plans and our pension cost. 

Our funding policy for pension plans
is to accumulate plan assets that, over the long run, will approximate the present value of projected benefit obligations. Our pension cost is materially affected by the discount rate used to measure pension obligations, the level of plan assets
available to fund those obligations at the measurement date and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. Significant changes in investment performance or a change in the portfolio mix of invested assets can result in corresponding
increases and decreases in the valuation of plan assets, particularly equity securities, or in a change of the expected rate of return on plan assets. A change in the discount rate would result in a significant increase or decrease in the valuation
of pension obligations, affecting the reported funded status of our pension plans as well as the net periodic pension cost in the following fiscal years. Similarly, changes in the expected return on plan assets can result in significant changes in
the net periodic pension cost of the following fiscal years. Finally, recent pension funding requirements under the Pension Protection Act of 2006 may result in a significant increase or decrease in the valuation of pension obligations affecting the
reported funded status of our pension plans. 

The market price of our common stock could be subject to fluctuations as a result of many factors. 

Factors that could affect the trading price of our common stock include the following: 

•

 variations in operating results; 

•

 economic conditions and volatility in the financial markets; 

•

 announcements or significant developments in connection with our business and with respect to beauty and related products or the beauty industry in general;

•

 actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly or annual financial results; 

•

 governmental policies and regulations; 

•

 estimates of our future performance or that of our competitors or our industries; 

•

 general economic, political, and market conditions; and 

•

 factors relating to competitors. 

The trading price
of our common stock has been, and could in the future continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations. 

15 

Table of Contents

An internal investigation of our China operations is being conducted. 

We are voluntarily conducting an internal investigation of our China operations, focusing on compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. The internal
investigation, which is being conducted under the oversight of the Audit Committee, commenced in June 2008 after we received an allegation that certain travel, entertainment and other expenses may have been improperly incurred in connection with our
China operations. We have voluntarily contacted the Securities and Exchange Commission and the United States Department of Justice to advise both agencies that an internal investigation is underway. Because the internal investigation is in its early
stage, we cannot predict how the resulting consequences, if any, may impact our internal controls, business, results of operations or financial position.