Our ability to attain our goals and objectives is materially
 dependent on numerous factors and risks, including but not
 limited to, the following:

 The
 demand for our products is impacted by the effects of, and
 changes in, worldwide conditions, which could have an adverse
 effect on our sales and profitability.

 We have operations in over 60 countries and our domestic and
 international operations are strongly influenced by matters
 beyond our control, including changes in the political, social,
 economic and labor conditions, tax laws (including
 U.S. taxes on foreign subsidiaries), and international
 trade regulations (including tariffs) in the countries in which
 we operate, as well as the impact of these conditions on the
 underlying demand for our products.

 5

Table of Contents

 Adverse
 conditions in the global economy and disruption of financial
 markets could negatively impact our customers, suppliers and our
 business.

 Financial markets in the United States, Europe and Asia have
 experienced significant disruption in recent months, including,
 among other things, significant volatility in security prices,
 severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, rating
 downgrades, declines in asset valuations, inflation, reduced
 consumer spending, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
 rates. While currently these conditions have not impaired our
 ability to access credit markets and finance our operations,
 there can be no assurance that there will not be a further
 deterioration in financial markets in major economies. These
 economic developments affect our customers and our suppliers and
 businesses such as ours. In addition, they could have a variety
 of negative effects such as reduction in revenues, increased
 costs, lower gross margin percentages, increased allowances for
 doubtful accounts
 and/or
 write-offs of accounts receivable, require recognition of
 impairments of capitalized assets, including goodwill and other
 intangibles, and could otherwise have material adverse effects
 on our business, results of operations, financial condition and
 cash flows.

 We are not able to predict the duration and severity of the
 current disruption in financial markets and adverse economic
 conditions in the U.S. and other countries.

 Foreign
 currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in those rates, may
 affect our sales and profitability.

 Approximately 65% of our sales are from international
 operations. Fluctuations in currencies can cause transaction,
 translation and other losses to us, which can negatively impact
 our sales and profitability. Margins on sales of our products in
 foreign countries could be materially and adversely affected by
 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.

 We monitor our foreign currency exposures and may, from time to
 time, use hedging instruments to mitigate exposure to certain
 transactions denominated in foreign currencies. The use of such
 hedging activities may not offset any, or more than a portion
 of, the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in
 foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in
 place.

 We are
 affected by competitive conditions and customer preferences. If
 we do not compete effectively, we could lose market share and
 experience falling prices, adversely affecting our financial
 results.

 We are at risk that our competitors will expand in our key
 markets and implement new technologies making them more
 competitive. There is also the possibility that competitors will
 be able to offer additional products, services, lower prices, or
 other incentives that we cannot or will not offer or that will
 make our products less profitable. There can be no assurance
 that we will be able to compete successfully against current and
 future competitors.

 We are also at risk with regards to changes in customer order
 patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained
 by customers and the timing of customer purchases, which may be
 affected by announced price changes, changes in the
 Company’s incentive programs, or the customer’s
 ability to achieve incentive goals. Changes in customers’
 preferences for our products can also affect the demand for our
 products.

 As a
 manufacturer, our sales and profitability are dependent upon the
 cost and availability of raw materials and energy, which are
 subject to price fluctuations, and our ability to control or
 pass on costs of raw materials and labor.

 Inflationary and other increases in the costs of raw materials,
 labor and energy have occurred in the past and are expected to
 recur, and our performance depends in part on our ability to
 pass on these cost increases to customers in our selling prices
 for products, and to effect improvements in productivity. Also,
 it is important that we are able to obtain timely delivery of
 materials, equipment, and packaging from suppliers, and to make
 timely delivery to customers. A disruption to our supply chain
 could adversely affect our sales and profitability.

 6

Table of Contents

 Potential
 adverse developments in legal proceedings, investigations and
 other legal, compliance and regulatory matters, including those
 involving product and trade compliance, Foreign Corrupt
 Practices Act issues and other matters, could impact us
 materially.

 Our financial results could be materially adversely impacted by
 an unfavorable outcome to pending or future litigation and
 investigations, including but not limited to, proceedings or
 lawsuits related to class actions seeking treble damages for
 alleged unlawful competitive practices, the impact of potential
 violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and
 other legal, compliance and regulatory matters, including, but
 not limited to, product, customs and trade compliance matters.
 See Item 1, “Legal Proceedings.” There can be no
 assurance that any investigation or litigation outcome will be
 favorable.

 Our
 future results may be affected if we generate less productivity
 improvement than projected.

 We are undertaking efforts to reduce costs in many of our
 operations, including closure of facilities, headcount
 reductions, organizational simplification and restructuring,
 process standardization, and manufacturing relocation, and using
 a variety of tools such as Lean Sigma and Kaizen events, to
 increase productivity, which is not assured. Lower levels of
 productivity could reduce profitability. In addition, cost
 reduction actions could expose us to additional production risk
 and loss of sales.

 We have
 acquired companies and may continue to acquire other companies.
 Acquisitions come with significant risks and uncertainties,
 including those related to integration, technology and
 personnel.

 In order to grow our product lines and expand into new markets,
 we have made acquisitions and may do so in the future. For
 example, we acquired DM Label and Paxar in 2008 and 2007,
 respectively. Various risks, uncertainties, and costs are
 associated with the acquisitions. Effective integration of
 systems, controls, objectives, personnel, product lines,
 markets, customers, suppliers, production facilities and cost
 savings can be difficult to achieve and the results are
 uncertain, particularly across our geographically dispersed
 organization. We may not be able to retain key personnel of an
 acquired company and we may not be able to successfully execute
 integration strategies or achieve projected performance targets
 set for the business segment into which an acquired company is
 integrated. Both prior to and after the closing of the
 transactions, our business and those of the acquired company or
 companies may suffer due to uncertainty or diversion of
 management attention.

 There can be no assurance that acquisitions will be successful
 and contribute to our profitability and we may not be able to
 identify new acquisition opportunities in the future.

 Our
 substantial indebtedness could limit our ability to incur
 additional debt to fund business needs over the medium
 term.

 As a result of the Paxar acquisition in 2007, our debt levels
 approximately doubled. Although significant debt reduction is
 anticipated over the medium term from the generation of cash
 flow in our underlying businesses, circumstances both within and
 beyond our control could cause debt levels to remain elevated
 for a longer time frame than anticipated. These higher debt
 levels could negatively impact our ability to meet other
 business needs or opportunities and could result in higher
 financing costs.

 Slower
 growth in key markets could adversely affect our
 profitability.

 Our business could be negatively impacted by a decline in key
 end use markets or applications for our products. Our overall
 performance will be influenced by these markets.

 Our
 customers are widely diversified, but in certain portions of our
 business, industry concentration has increased the importance
 and decreased the number of significant customers.

 In particular, sales of our office and consumer products in the
 United States are concentrated in a few major customers,
 principally office product superstores, mass market distributors
 and wholesalers. The business risk associated with this
 concentration, including increased credit risks for these and
 other customers, and the possibility of related bad debt
 write-offs, could negatively affect our margins and profits.

 7

Table of Contents

 Our
 ability to develop and successfully market new products and
 applications is important for our business.

 The timely introduction of new products and improvements in
 current products helps determine our success. Research and
 development for each of our operating segments is complex and
 uncertain and requires innovation and anticipation of market
 trends. We could focus on products that ultimately are not
 accepted by customers or we could suffer delays in production or
 launch of new products that could compromise our competitive
 position in such product markets.

 Infringing
 intellectual property rights of third parties or inadequately
 acquiring or protecting our intellectual property and patents
 could harm our ability to compete or grow.

 Because our products involve complex technology and chemistry,
 we are from time to time involved in litigation involving
 patents and other intellectual property. Parties have filed, and
 in the future may file, claims against us alleging that we have
 infringed their intellectual property rights. If we are held
 liable for infringement, we could be required to pay damages or
 obtain licenses or to cease making or selling certain products.
 There can be no assurance that licenses will be available at
 all, or will be available on commercially reasonable terms, and
 the cost to defend these claims, whether or not meritorious, or
 to develop new technology could be significant and could divert
 the attention of management.

 We also could have our intellectual property infringed. We
 attempt to protect and restrict access to our intellectual
 property and proprietary information, by relying on the patent,
 trademark, copyright and trade secret laws of the U.S. and
 other countries, as well as on nondisclosure agreements, but it
 may be possible for a third party to obtain our information
 without our authorization, to independently develop similar
 technologies, or to breach a non-disclosure agreement entered
 into with us. In addition, many of the countries in which we
 operate do not have intellectual property laws that protect
 proprietary rights as fully as in the U.S. The use of our
 intellectual property by someone else without our authorization
 could reduce or eliminate certain competitive advantages we
 have, cause us to lose sales, or otherwise harm our business.
 Further, the costs involved to protect our intellectual property
 rights could adversely impact our profitability.

 We have obtained and applied for some U.S. and foreign
 trademark registrations and patents, and will continue to
 evaluate whether to register additional trademarks and seek
 patents as appropriate. We cannot guarantee that any of the
 pending applications will be approved by the applicable
 government authorities. Further, we cannot assure that the
 validity of our patents or our trademarks will not be
 challenged. In addition, third parties might be able to develop
 competing products using technology that avoids our patents.

 Changes
 in our tax rates could affect our future results.

 Our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in
 the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax
 rates, expirations of tax holidays, changes in the valuation of
 deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws and
 regulations or their interpretation. We are subject to the
 regular examination of our income tax returns by various tax
 authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse
 outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the
 adequacy of our provision for taxes. There can be no assurance
 that the outcomes from these examinations will not have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating
 results.

 The
 amount of various taxes we pay is subject to ongoing compliance
 requirements and audits by federal, state and foreign tax
 authorities.

 Our estimate of the potential outcome of uncertain tax issues is
 subject to our assessment of relevant risks, facts, and
 circumstances existing at that time. We use these assessments to
 determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and
 other tax-related accounts. Our future results may include
 favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax
 liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved,
 which may impact our effective tax rate
 and/or our
 financial results.

 We have
 deferred tax assets that we may not be able to use under certain
 circumstances.

 If we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income in
 certain jurisdictions, or if there is a significant change in
 the time period within which the underlying temporary
 differences become taxable or deductible, we

 8

Table of Contents

 could be required to increase our valuation allowances against
 our deferred tax assets. This would result in an increase in our
 effective tax rate, and an adverse effect on our future
 operating results. In addition, changes in statutory tax rates
 may also change our deferred tax assets or liability balances,
 with either favorable or unfavorable impact on our effective tax
 rate. Our deferred tax assets may also be impacted by new
 legislation or regulation.

 The level
 of returns on pension and postretirement plan assets and the
 actuarial assumptions used for valuation purposes could affect
 our earnings and cash flows in future periods. Changes in
 accounting standards and government regulations could also
 affect our pension and postretirement plan expense and funding
 requirements.

 Assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations
 and the fair value of plan assets for our pension plan and other
 postretirement benefit plans are evaluated by us in consultation
 with outside actuaries. In the event that we determine that
 changes are warranted in the assumptions used, such as the
 discount rate, expected long term rate of return, or health care
 costs, our future pension and projected postretirement benefit
 expenses could increase or decrease. Due to changing market
 conditions or changes in the participant population, the
 actuarial assumptions that we use may differ from actual
 results, which could have a significant impact on our pension
 and postretirement liability and related costs. Funding
 obligations are determined based on the value of assets and
 liabilities on a specific date as required under relevant
 government regulations for each plan. Future pension funding
 requirements, and the timing of funding payments, could be
 affected by legislation enacted by the relevant governmental
 authorities.

 In order
 for us to remain competitive, it is important to recruit and
 retain highly-skilled employees. We also utilize various
 outsourcing arrangements for certain services.

 There is significant competition to recruit and retain skilled
 employees. Due to expansion in certain markets and the ongoing
 productivity efforts and recent employee reductions, it may be
 difficult for us to retain and recruit sufficient numbers of
 highly-skilled employees.

 We have outsourced certain services to multiple third-party
 service providers, and may outsource other services in the
 future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. Service
 provider delays, resource availability, business issues or
 errors may lead to disruption in our businesses
 and/or
 increased costs. If we do not effectively develop, implement and
 manage outsourcing strategies, or if third-party providers do
 not perform effectively and timely, or we experience problems
 with a transition, we may not be able to achieve our expected
 cost savings, and may have to incur additional costs and
 experience delays to correct errors made by such service
 providers.

 We need
 to comply with numerous environmental, health, and safety
 laws.

 Due to the nature of our business, we are subject to
 environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations,
 including those related to the disposal of hazardous waste from
 our manufacturing processes. Compliance with existing and future
 environmental, health and safety laws could subject us to future
 costs or liabilities; impact our production capabilities;
 constrict our ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities; and
 generally impact our financial performance. We have accrued
 liabilities for environmental
 clean-up
 sites, including sites for which governmental agencies have
 designated us as a potentially responsible party, where it is
 probable that a loss will be incurred and the cost or amount of
 loss can be reasonably estimated. However, because of the
 uncertainties associated with environmental assessment and
 remediation activities, future expense to remediate currently
 identified sites and other sites, which could be identified in
 the future for cleanup, could be higher than the liability
 currently accrued.

 We are
 subject to risks associated with the availability and coverage
 of various types of insurance.

 We have various types of insurance including property, workers
 compensation and general liability. Insurance costs can be
 unpredictable and may adversely impact our financial results. We
 retain some portion of our insurable risks, and therefore,
 unforeseen or catastrophic losses in excess of insured limits
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.

 9

Table of Contents

 Significant
 disruption to our information technology infrastructure could
 adversely impact our operations, sales, customer relations, and
 financial results.

 We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of a large
 and complex information technology infrastructure to link our
 worldwide divisions. Like other information technology systems,
 ours is susceptible to a number of factors including, but not
 limited to, damage or interruptions resulting from a variety of
 causes such as obsolescence, natural disasters, power failures,
 human error, viruses and data security breaches. We upgrade and
 install new systems, which, if installed or programmed
 incorrectly or if installation is delayed, could cause delays or
 cancellation of customer orders, impede the manufacture or
 shipment of products, and disrupt the processing of
 transactions. We have implemented certain measures to reduce our
 risk related to system and network disruptions, but if a
 disruption occurs, we could incur significant losses and
 remediation costs.

 Additionally, we rely on services provided by third-party
 vendors for a significant portion of our information technology
 support, development and implementation, which may make our
 operations vulnerable to such third parties’ failure to
 perform adequately.

 Miscalculation
 of our infrastructure needs could adversely impact our financial
 results.

 Projected requirements of our infrastructure investments may
 differ from actual levels if our volume growth is not as we
 anticipate. Our infrastructure investments are generally
 long-term in nature, and it is possible that these investments
 may not generate our expected return due to changes in the
 marketplace, failures to complete implementation, and other
 factors. Significant changes from our expected need for
 and/or
 returns on infrastructure investments could adversely affect our
 financial results.

 Our share
 price may be volatile.

 Our stock price, which has at times experienced substantial
 volatility, is influenced by changes in the overall stock market
 and demand for equity securities in general. Other factors,
 including current performance and market expectations for our
 future performance, the level of perceived growth of our
 industries, and announcements concerning investigations, can
 also impact our share price. There can be no assurance that our
 stock price will be less volatile in the future.

 If our
 credit ratings are downgraded, we may have difficulty obtaining
 acceptable short- and long-term financing from capital
 markets.

 Credit ratings are a significant factor in our ability to raise
 short-term and long-term financing. The credit ratings assigned
 to us also impact the interest rates on our commercial paper and
 other borrowings. If our credit ratings are further downgraded,
 our financial flexibility could decrease and the cost to borrow
 would increase.

 Our
 reputation, sales, and earnings could be affected adversely if
 the quality of our products and services does not meet customer
 expectations.

 There are occasions when we manufacture products with quality
 issues resulting from defective materials, manufacturing,
 packaging or design. Many of these issues are discovered before
 shipping, thus causing delays in shipping, delays in the
 manufacturing process, and occasionally cancelled orders. When
 issues are discovered after shipment, this causes additional
 shipping costs, possible discounts, possible refunds, and
 potential loss of future sales. Both pre-shipping and
 post-shipping quality issues can result in financial
 consequences along with a negative impact on our reputation.

 Some of
 our products are sold by third parties.

 Our products are not only sold by us, but by third-party
 distributors and retailers as well. Some of our distributors
 also market products that compete with our products. Changes in
 the financial or business condition or purchasing decisions of
 these third parties or their customers could affect our sales
 and profitability.

 10

Table of Contents

 We
 outsource some of our manufacturing. If there are significant
 changes in the quality control or financial or business
 condition of these outsourced manufacturers, our business could
 be negatively impacted.

 We manufacture most of our products, but we also use third-party
 manufacturers, for example, for specialty jobs or capacity
 overflow. Outsourced manufacturers reduce our ability to prevent
 product quality issues, late deliveries, customer
 dissatisfaction and compliance with customer requirements for
 labor standards. Because of possible quality issues and customer
 dissatisfaction, outsourced manufacturers could have an adverse
 effect on our business and financial results.

 An
 impairment in the carrying value of goodwill could negatively
 impact our consolidated results of operations and net
 worth.

 Goodwill is initially recorded at fair value and is not
 amortized, but is reviewed for impairment at least annually or
 more frequently if impairment indicators are present. In
 assessing the carrying value of goodwill, we make estimates and
 assumptions about sales, operating margins, growth rates, and
 discount rates based on our business plans, economic
 projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data.
 There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and
 management’s judgment in applying these factors. Goodwill
 valuations have been calculated using an income approach based
 on the present value of future cash flows of each reporting
 unit. We could be required to evaluate the carrying value of
 goodwill prior to the annual assessment if we experience
 disruptions to the business, unexpected significant declines in
 operating results, divestiture of a significant component of our
 business or sustained market capitalization declines. These
 types of events and the resulting analyses could result in
 goodwill impairment charges in the future. Impairment charges
 could substantially affect our financial results in the periods
 of such charges.

 Changes
 in our business strategies may increase our costs and could
 affect the profitability of our businesses.

 As changes in our business environment occur, we may need to
 adjust our business strategies to meet these changes or we may
 otherwise find it necessary to restructure our operations or
 particular businesses. When these changes occur, we may incur
 costs to change our business strategy and may need to write down
 the value of assets. We may also need to invest in new
 businesses that have short-term returns that are negative or low
 and whose ultimate business prospects are uncertain. In any of
 these events, our costs may increase, our assets may be
 impaired, or our returns on new investments may be lower than
 prior to the change in strategy.

 The risks described above are not exclusive. If any of the above
 risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash
 flows or financial condition could suffer, which might cause the
 value of our securities to decline.