Our ability to attain our goals and objectives is materially
dependent on numerous factors and risks, including but not
limited to, the following:

The demand for our products is impacted by economic
conditions of the principal countries in which we operate. A
decline in the economies in these countries could have an
adverse effect on our sales and profitability.

We have operations in over 40 countries and our domestic and
international operations are strongly influenced by matters
beyond our control, including changes in the political, social,
economic, tax and regulatory environments (including tariffs) in
the countries in which we operate, as well as the impact of
economic conditions on underlying demand for our products. In
addition, approximately 55% of our sales are in foreign
currencies, which fluctuate in relation to one another and to
the United States dollar. Fluctuations in currencies can cause
transaction, translation and other losses to us, which can
negatively impact our sales and profitability.

5

Table of Contents

We operate in some highly competitive markets. If we do not
compete effectively, we could lose market share and experience
falling prices, adversely affecting our financial results.

We are at risk that our competitors will expand in our key
markets and implement new technologies making them more
competitive. There is also the possibility that competitors will
be able to offer additional products, services, lower prices, or
other incentives that we cannot or will not offer or that will
make our products less profitable. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to compete successfully against current and
future competitors.

We are also at risk with regards to changes in customer order
patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained
by customers and the timing of customer purchases, which may be
affected by announced price changes, changes in the
Company’s incentive programs, or the customer’s
ability to achieve incentive goals. Changes in customers’
preferences for our products can also affect the demand for our
products.

As a manufacturer, our sales and profitability are also
dependent upon the cost and availability of raw materials and
energy, which are subject to price fluctuations, and the ability
to control or pass on costs of raw materials and labor.

Inflationary and other increases in the costs of raw materials,
labor and energy have occurred in the past and are expected to
recur, and our performance depends in part on our ability to
pass on to customers changes in costs in our selling prices for
products and on improvements in productivity. Also, it is
important that we are able to obtain timely delivery of
materials, equipment, and packaging from suppliers. A disruption
to our supply chain could adversely affect our sales and
profitability.

Potential adverse developments in legal proceedings and
investigations regarding competitive activities and other legal,
compliance and regulatory matters, including those involving
product liability, product and trade compliance, Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act issues and other matters, could impact us
materially.

Our financial results could be materially adversely impacted by
an unfavorable outcome to pending or future litigation and
investigations, including, without limitation, any relating to
the Canadian Department of Justice and Australian Competition
and Consumer Commission investigations, into industry
competitive practices and any related proceedings or lawsuits
pertaining to these investigations or to the subject matter
thereof (including purported class actions in the United States
seeking treble damages for alleged unlawful competitive
practices, and a purported class action related to alleged
disclosure and fiduciary duty violations pertaining to alleged
unlawful competitive practices, which were filed after the
announcement of the recently closed U.S. Department of
Justice investigation). See Item 3, “Legal
Proceedings.” There can be no assurance that any
investigation or litigation outcome will be favorable.

Our future results may be affected if we generate less
productivity improvement than projected.

We are undergoing efforts to reduce costs in many of our
operations, including closure of facilities, headcount
reductions, organizational simplification, process
standardization, and using a variety of tools such as Lean Sigma
and Kaizen events, to accomplish this productivity, which is not
assured. Lower levels of productivity could result in lower
production, sales, and profitability. Cost reduction actions, in
turn, could expose us to additional production risk.

Slower growth in key markets could adversely affect our
profitability.

Our business could be negatively impacted by a decline in key
end use markets or applications for our products. Our overall
performance will be influenced by these markets.

Our customers are widely diversified, but in certain portions
of our business, industry concentration has increased the
importance and decreased the number of significant customers.

In particular, sales of our office and consumer products in the
United States are concentrated in a few major customers,
principally office product superstores, mass market distributors
and wholesalers. The

6

Table of Contents

business risk associated with this concentration, including
increased credit risks for these and other customers, and the
possibility of related bad debt
write-offs, could
negatively affect our margins and profits.

Our ability to develop and successfully market new products
and applications is important in maintaining growth.

The timely introduction of new products and improvements in
current products helps determine our success. Research and
development for each of our operating segments is complex and
uncertain and requires innovation and anticipation of market
trends. We could focus on products that ultimately are not
accepted by customers.

Infringing intellectual property rights of third parties or
inadequately acquiring or protecting our intellectual property
and patents could harm our ability to grow.

Because our products involve complex technology and chemistry,
we are sometimes involved in litigation involving patents and
other intellectual property. Parties have filed, and in the
future may file, claims against us alleging that we have
infringed their intellectual property rights. We could be held
to be liable to pay damages or obtain licenses. There can be no
assurance that licenses will be available, or will be available
on commercially reasonable terms, and the cost to defend these
infringement claims and to develop new technology could be
significant.

We also could have our intellectual property infringed. We
attempt to protect and restrict access to our intellectual
property and proprietary information, but it may be possible for
a third party to obtain our information and develop similar
technologies. In addition, many of the countries in which we
operate have limited or no protection for intellectual property
rights. The costs involved to protect our intellectual property
rights could adversely impact our profitability.

The amount of income taxes we pay is subject to ongoing
audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities.

Our estimate of the potential outcome of uncertain tax issues is
subject to our assessment of relevant risks, facts, and
circumstances existing at that time. We use these assessments to
determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Our
future results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments
to our estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments
are made or resolved, which may impact our effective tax rate
and our financial results.

We have deferred tax assets that we may not be able to use
under certain circumstances.

If we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income in
certain jurisdictions, or if there is a significant change in
the time period within which the underlying temporary
differences become taxable or deductible, we could be required
to increase our valuation allowances against our deferred tax
assets. This would result in an increase in our effective tax
rate, and an adverse effect on our future operating results. In
addition, changes in statutory tax rates may also change our
deferred tax assets or liability balances, with either favorable
or unfavorable impact on our effective tax rate. Our deferred
tax assets may also be impacted by new legislation or regulation.

The level of returns on pension and postretirement plan
assets and the actuarial assumptions used for valuation purposes
could affect our earnings in future periods.

Assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations
and the fair value of plan assets for our pension plan and other
postretirement benefit plans are evaluated by us in consultation
with outside actuaries. Funding obligations are determined under
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and are measured
each year based on the value of assets and liabilities on a
specific date. In the event that we determine that changes are
warranted in the assumptions used, such as the discount rate,
expected long term rate of return, or health care costs, our
future pension and projected postretirement benefit expenses
could increase or decrease. Due to changing market conditions or
changes in the participant population, the actuarial assumptions
that we use may differ from actual results, which could have a
significant impact on our pension and postretirement

7

Table of Contents

liability and related costs. Future pension funding
requirements, and the timing of funding payments, could be
affected by legislation enacted in the U.S. Congress.

We have acquired companies and our interest in various
acquisition opportunities has increased. Acquisitions come with
significant risks and uncertainties, including integration,
technology and personnel.

In order to grow our product lines and expand into new markets,
we have made acquisitions and may do so in the future. Many
risks, uncertainties, and costs are associated with the
acquisitions. The integration of systems, objectives, personnel,
product lines, markets, customers, suppliers, and cost savings
can be difficult to achieve and the results are uncertain. There
can be no assurance that acquisitions will be successful and
contribute to our profitability.

In order for us to remain competitive, it is important to
recruit and retain highly-skilled employees.

There is significant competition to recruit and retain skilled
employees. Due to rapid expansion in certain markets and the
ongoing productivity efforts and recent employee reductions, it
may be difficult for us to retain and recruit sufficient numbers
of highly-skilled employees.

We need to comply with many environmental, health, and safety
laws.

Due to the nature of our business, we are subject to
environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations,
including those related to the disposal of hazardous waste from
our manufacturing processes. Compliance with existing and future
environmental, health and safety laws could subject us to future
costs or liabilities; impact our production capabilities;
constrict our ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities; and
generally impact our financial performance. We have accrued
liabilities for environmental
clean-up sites,
including sites for which governmental agencies have designated
us as a potentially responsible party, where it is probable that
a loss will be incurred and the cost or amount of loss can be
reasonably estimated. However, because of the uncertainties
associated with environmental assessment and remediation
activities, future expense to remediate currently identified
sites and other sites, which could be identified in the future
for cleanup, could be higher than the liability currently
accrued.

In order to mitigate risk, it is important that we obtain
various types of insurance.

We have various types of insurance including health, life, and
property. Insurance costs can be unpredictable and may adversely
impact our financial results.

Significant disruption to our information technology
infrastructure could adversely impact our operations, sales,
customer relations, and financial results.

We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of a large
and complex information technology infrastructure to link our
worldwide divisions. Like other information technology systems,
ours is susceptible to damage or interruptions caused by natural
disasters, power failures, viruses and security breaches. We
upgrade and install new systems, which if installed or
programmed incorrectly, could cause significant disruptions. We
have implemented various measures to manage our risk related to
system and network disruptions, but if a disruption occurs, we
could incur losses and costs for remediation and interruption of
operations.

Our share price may be volatile.

Our stock price is influenced by changes in the overall stock
market and demand for equity securities in general. Other
factors, including market expectations for our performance, the
level of perceived growth of our industries, announcements
concerning industry investigations have also impacted our share
price. There can be no assurance that our stock price will not
be less volatile in the future.

If our credit ratings are downgraded, we may have difficulty
obtaining acceptable short- and long-term financing from capital
markets.

Credit ratings are a significant factor in our ability to raise
short-term and long-term financing. The credit ratings assigned
to us also impact the interest rates on our commercial paper and
other borrowings. Standard

8

Table of Contents

and Poor’s (“S&P”) has assigned us a credit
rating of A-2 for
short-term and 
A- for
long-term financing. S&P has given us a negative outlook.
Moody’s Investors Service (“Moody’s”) has
assigned us a credit rating of P2 for short-term and A3 for
long-term financing. Moody’s has given us a stable outlook.
If our credit ratings were to be downgraded, our financial
flexibility would decrease and the cost to borrow would increase.

Our reputation, sales, and earnings could be affected
adversely if the quality of our products and services does not
meet customer expectations.

There are occasions when we ship products with quality issues
resulting from defective materials, manufacturing, packaging or
design. Many of these issues are discovered before shipping but
this causes delays in shipping, delays in the manufacturing
process, and occasionally cancelled orders. When the issues are
discovered after shipment, this causes additional shipping
costs, possible discounts, possible refunds, and potential loss
of future sales. Both pre-shipping and post-shipping quality
issues can result in financial consequences along with a
negative impact on our reputation.

Some of our products are sold by third parties.

Our products are not only sold by us, but by third party
distributors and retailers as well. Some of our distributors
also market products that compete with our products. Changes in
the financial or business condition or purchasing decisions of
these third parties could affect our sales and profitability.

We outsource some of our manufacturing. If there are
significant changes in the quality control or financial or
business condition of these outsourced manufacturers, our
business could be negatively impacted.

We manufacture most of our products, but occasionally
third-party manufacturers are needed for specialty jobs or
capacity overflow. Outsourced manufacturers reduce our ability
to control product failure, late deliveries, customer
dissatisfaction and compliance with customer requirements for
labor standards. Because of possible quality problems and
customer dissatisfaction, outsourced manufacturers could have an
adverse effect on our business and financial results.

The risks described above are not exclusive. Additional risks
not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be
less significant may also have an adverse effect on us. If any
of the above risks actually occur, our business, results of
operations, cash flows or financial condition could suffer,
which might cause the value of our securities to decline.