Our ability to attain our goals and objectives is materially
 dependent on numerous factors and risks, including but not
 limited to, the following:

 Adverse
 conditions in the global economy have negatively impacted our
 customers, suppliers and our business.

 The United States, Europe and Asia have experienced significant
 declines in economic activity, including, among other things,
 reduced consumer spending, inflation, declines in asset
 valuations, diminished liquidity and credit availability,
 significant volatility in securities prices, rating downgrades,
 and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. These
 economic developments have adversely affected our customers,
 suppliers and businesses similar to ours and have resulted in a
 variety of negative effects, such as reduction in revenues,
 increased costs, lower gross margin percentages, increased
 allowances for doubtful accounts
 and/or
 write-offs of accounts

 5

Table of Contents

 receivable, required recognition of impairments of capitalized
 assets, including goodwill and other intangibles, and such
 developments could have other material adverse effects on our
 business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
 flows. We are not able to predict the duration and severity of
 adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and other
 countries, and there can be no assurance that there will not be
 further declines in economic activity.

 The
 demand for our products is impacted by the effects of, and
 changes in, worldwide conditions, which could have an adverse
 effect on our sales and profitability.

 We have operations in over 60 countries and our domestic and
 international operations are strongly influenced by matters
 beyond our control, including changes in political, social,
 economic and labor conditions, tax laws (including
 U.S. taxes on foreign subsidiaries), and international
 trade regulations (including tariffs), as well as the impact of
 these changes on the underlying demand for our products.

 We are
 affected by competitive conditions and customer preferences. If
 we do not compete effectively, we could lose market share and
 experience falling prices, adversely affecting our financial
 results.

 We are at risk that our competitors will expand in our key
 markets and implement new technologies making them more
 competitive. Competitors also may be able to offer additional
 products, services, lower prices, or other incentives that we
 cannot or will not offer or that will make our products less
 profitable. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
 compete successfully against current and future competitors.

 We also are at risk with regard to changes in customer order
 patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained
 by customers and the timing of customer purchases, which may be
 affected by announced price changes, changes in the
 Company’s incentive programs, or changes in the
 customer’s ability to achieve incentive goals. Changes in
 customers’ preferences for our products can also affect the
 demand for our products. Our business could be negatively
 impacted by a decline in demand for our products.

 As a
 manufacturer, our sales and profitability are dependent upon the
 cost and availability of raw materials and energy, which are
 subject to price fluctuations, and our ability to control or
 pass on costs of raw materials and labor.

 Inflationary and other increases in the costs of raw materials,
 labor and energy have occurred in the past and are expected to
 recur, and our performance depends in part on our ability to
 pass on these cost increases to customers through our selling
 prices for products and to effect improvements in productivity.
 Also, it is important for us to obtain timely delivery of
 materials, equipment, and other resources from suppliers, and to
 make timely delivery to customers. A disruption to our supply
 chain could adversely affect our sales and profitability.

 Foreign
 currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in those rates, may
 affect our sales and profitability.

 Approximately 66% of our sales are from international
 operations. Fluctuations in currencies can cause transaction,
 translation and other losses to us, which can negatively impact
 our sales and profitability. Margins on sales of our products in
 foreign countries could be materially and adversely affected by
 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.

 We monitor our foreign currency exposures and may, from time to
 time, use hedging instruments to mitigate exposure to changes in
 foreign currencies. Hedging activities may only offset a portion
 of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in
 foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in
 place.

 Our
 future results may be affected if we generate less productivity
 improvement than projected.

 We intend to continue efforts to reduce costs in many of our
 operations through facility closures, headcount reductions,
 organizational restructuring, process standardization, and
 manufacturing relocation, by using a variety of tools, such as
 Lean Sigma and Kaizen events, to increase productivity. However,
 the success of these efforts is not assured and lower levels of
 productivity could reduce profitability. In addition, cost
 reduction actions could expose us to additional production risk
 and loss of sales.

 6

Table of Contents

 We have
 acquired companies and may continue to acquire other companies.
 Acquisitions come with significant risks and uncertainties,
 including those related to integration, technology and
 personnel.

 To grow our product lines and expand into new markets, we have
 made acquisitions and may do so in the future. For example, we
 acquired DM Label and Paxar in 2008 and 2007, respectively.
 Various risks, uncertainties, and costs are associated with the
 acquisitions. Effective integration of systems, controls,
 objectives, personnel, product lines, markets, customers,
 suppliers, and production facilities and cost savings can be
 difficult to achieve, and the results of integration actions are
 uncertain, particularly given our geographically dispersed
 organization. In addition, we may not be able to retain key
 personnel of an acquired company and we may not be able to
 successfully execute integration strategies or achieve projected
 performance targets for the business segment into which an
 acquired company is integrated. Both prior to and after the
 closing of a transaction, our business and those of the acquired
 company or companies may suffer due to uncertainty or diversion
 of management attention.

 There can be no assurance that any acquisitions will be
 successful and contribute to our profitability and we may not be
 able to identify new acquisition opportunities in the future.

 Declines
 or slower growth in key markets could adversely affect our
 profitability.

 Our business could be negatively impacted by declines or slower
 growth in key end-use markets. Our overall performance will be
 influenced by these markets.

 Our
 customer base is diversified, but in certain portions of our
 business, industry concentration has increased the importance,
 and decreased the number of, significant customers.

 Sales of our office and consumer products in the United States
 are concentrated in a few major customers, principally office
 product superstores, mass market distributors and wholesalers.
 The business risk associated with this concentration, including
 increased credit risks for these and other customers, and the
 possibility of related bad debt write-offs, could negatively
 affect our margins and profits.

 Possible
 increased difficulty in the collection of receivables as a
 result of economic conditions or other market factors could have
 a material effect on our results from operations and anticipated
 cash from operating activities.

 Although we have processes to administer credit granted to
 customers and believe our allowance for doubtful accounts is
 adequate, we have experienced, and in the future may experience,
 losses as a result of our inability to collect our accounts
 receivable. The financial difficulties of a customer could
 result in reduced business with that customer. We may also
 assume higher credit risk relating to receivables of a customer
 experiencing financial difficulty. If these developments occur,
 our inability to shift sales to other customers or to collect on
 our trade accounts receivable from major customers could
 substantially reduce our income and have a material adverse
 effect on our results of operations and cash flows from
 operating activities.

 Our
 ability to develop and successfully market new products and
 applications is important for our business.

 The timely introduction of new products and improvements in
 current products helps determine our success. Research and
 development for each of our operating segments is complex and
 uncertain and requires innovation and anticipation of market
 trends. We could focus on products that ultimately are not
 accepted by customers or we could suffer delays in production or
 launch of new products that could compromise our competitive
 position in such product markets.

 For us to
 remain competitive, it is important to recruit and retain
 highly-skilled employees. We also utilize various outsourcing
 arrangements for certain services.

 There is significant competition to recruit and retain skilled
 employees. Due to expansion in certain markets and the ongoing
 productivity efforts and recent employee reductions, it may be
 difficult for us to recruit and retain sufficient numbers of
 highly-skilled employees.

 7

Table of Contents

 We have outsourced certain services to multiple third-party
 service providers, and may outsource other services in the
 future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. Service
 provider delays, resource availability, business issues or
 errors may lead to disruption in our businesses
 and/or
 increased costs. If we do not effectively develop, implement and
 manage outsourcing strategies, if third-party providers do not
 perform effectively and in a timely manner, or if we experience
 problems with a transition, we may not be able to achieve our
 expected cost savings, and may have to experience delays or
 incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service
 providers.

 Significant
 disruption to our information technology infrastructure could
 adversely impact our operations, sales, customer relations, and
 financial results.

 We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of a large
 and complex information technology infrastructure to link our
 worldwide divisions. Like other information technology systems,
 ours is susceptible to a number of factors including, but not
 limited to, damage or interruptions resulting from a variety of
 causes such as obsolescence, natural disasters, power failures,
 human error, viruses and data security breaches. We upgrade and
 install new systems, which, if installed or programmed
 incorrectly or on a delayed timeframe, could cause delays or
 cancellations of customer orders, impede the manufacture or
 shipment of products, or disrupt the processing of transactions.
 We have implemented certain measures to reduce our risk related
 to system and network disruptions, but if a disruption occurs,
 we could incur significant losses and remediation costs.

 Additionally, we rely on services provided by third-party
 vendors for a significant portion of our information technology
 support, development and implementation, which may make our
 operations vulnerable to such third parties’ failure to
 perform adequately.

 Miscalculation
 of our infrastructure needs could adversely impact our financial
 results.

 Projected requirements of our infrastructure investments may
 differ from actual levels if our volume growth is not as we
 anticipate. Our infrastructure investments generally are
 long-term in nature, and it is possible that these investments
 may not generate our expected return due to changes in the
 marketplace, failures to complete implementation, or other
 factors. Significant changes from our expected need for
 and/or
 returns on infrastructure investments could adversely affect our
 financial results.

 Our
 reputation, sales, and earnings could be affected adversely if
 the quality of our products and services does not meet customer
 expectations.

 There are occasions when we manufacture products with quality
 issues resulting from defective materials, manufacturing,
 packaging or design. Many of these issues are discovered before
 shipping, thus causing delays in shipping, delays in the
 manufacturing process, and occasionally cancelled orders. When
 issues are discovered after shipment, it can result in
 additional shipping costs, discounts, refunds, and loss of
 future sales. Both pre-shipping and post-shipping quality issues
 can result in adverse financial consequences and a negative
 impact on our reputation.

 Some of
 our products are sold by third parties.

 Our products are not sold only by us, but by third-party
 distributors and retailers as well. Some of our distributors
 also market products that compete with our products. Changes in
 the financial or business conditions or the purchasing decisions
 of these third parties or their customers could affect our sales
 and profitability.

 We
 outsource some of our manufacturing. If there are significant
 changes in the quality control or financial or business
 condition of these outsourced manufacturers, our business could
 be negatively impacted.

 We manufacture most of our products, but we also use third-party
 manufacturers, for example, for specialty jobs or capacity
 overflow. Outsourced manufacturers reduce our ability to prevent
 product quality issues, late deliveries, customer
 dissatisfaction and compliance with customer requirements for
 labor standards. Because of possible quality issues and customer
 dissatisfaction, outsourced manufacturers could have an adverse
 effect on our business or financial results.

 8

Table of Contents

 Changes
 in our business strategies may increase our costs and could
 affect the profitability of our businesses.

 As changes in our business environment occur, we may need to
 adjust our business strategies to meet these changes or we may
 find it otherwise necessary to restructure our operations or
 particular businesses. When these changes occur, we may incur
 costs to change our business strategy and may need to write down
 the value of selected assets. We also may need to invest in new
 businesses that have short-term returns that are negative or low
 and whose ultimate business prospects are uncertain. In any of
 these events, our costs may increase, our assets may be
 impaired, or our returns on new investments may be lower than
 prior to the change in strategy.

 Our
 substantial indebtedness could limit our ability to incur
 additional debt to fund business needs over the medium
 term.

 As a result of the acquisitions in 2008 and 2007, our debt
 levels had significantly increased. Although we have reduced
 debt since the time of these acquisitions and we anticipate
 further debt reduction over the medium term from the generation
 of cash flow in our underlying businesses, circumstances both
 within and beyond our control could cause debt levels to remain
 elevated for a longer timeframe than anticipated. These higher
 debt levels could negatively impact our ability to meet other
 business needs or opportunities and could result in higher
 financing costs.

 If our
 credit ratings are downgraded, we may have difficulty obtaining
 acceptable short- and long-term financing from the capital
 markets.

 Credit ratings are a significant factor in our ability to raise
 short-term and long-term financing. The credit ratings assigned
 to us also impact the interest rates on our commercial paper and
 other borrowings. If our credit ratings are downgraded, our
 financial flexibility could decrease and the cost to borrow
 would increase.

 The level
 of returns on pension and postretirement plan assets and the
 actuarial assumptions used for valuation purposes could affect
 our earnings and cash flows in future periods. Changes in
 accounting standards and government regulations could also
 affect our pension and postretirement plan expense and funding
 requirements.

 Assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations
 and the fair value of plan assets for our pension plan and other
 postretirement benefit plans are evaluated by us in consultation
 with outside actuaries. In the event that we determine that
 changes are warranted in the assumptions used, such as the
 discount rate, expected long term rate of return, or health care
 costs, our future pension and projected postretirement benefit
 expenses and funding requirements could increase or decrease.
 Because of changing market conditions or changes in the
 participant population, the actuarial assumptions that we use
 may differ from actual results, which could have a significant
 impact on our pension and postretirement liability and related
 costs. Funding obligations are determined based on the value of
 assets and liabilities on a specific date as required under
 relevant government regulations for each plan. Future pension
 funding requirements, and the timing of funding payments, could
 be affected by legislation enacted by the relevant governmental
 authorities.

 Our share
 price may be volatile.

 Changes in our stock price may affect our access to or cost of
 financing from capital markets and may affect our stock-based
 compensation arrangements, among other things. Our stock price,
 which has at times experienced substantial volatility, is
 influenced by changes in the overall stock market and demand for
 equity securities in general. Other factors, including current
 performance and market expectations for our future performance,
 the level of perceived growth of our industries, and other
 company-specific events, can also impact our share price. There
 can be no assurance that our stock price will be less volatile
 in the future.

 An
 impairment in the carrying value of goodwill could negatively
 impact our consolidated results of operations and net
 worth.

 Goodwill is initially recorded at fair value and is not
 amortized, but is reviewed for impairment at least annually (or
 more frequently, if impairment indicators are present). In
 assessing the carrying value of goodwill, we

 9

Table of Contents

 make estimates and assumptions about sales, operating margins,
 growth rates, and discount rates based on our business plans,
 economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and
 marketplace data. There are inherent uncertainties related to
 these factors and management’s judgment in applying these
 factors. Goodwill valuations have been calculated using an
 income approach based on the present value of future cash flows
 of each reporting unit. We could be required to evaluate the
 carrying value of goodwill prior to the annual assessment if we
 experience disruptions to the business, unexpected significant
 declines in operating results, divestiture of a significant
 component of our business or sustained market capitalization
 declines. These types of events and the resulting analyses could
 result in goodwill impairment charges in the future. Impairment
 charges could substantially affect our financial results in the
 periods of such charges.

 Potential
 adverse developments in legal proceedings, investigations and
 other legal, compliance and regulatory matters, including those
 involving product and trade compliance, Foreign Corrupt
 Practices Act issues and other matters, could impact us
 materially.

 Our financial results could be materially adversely impacted by
 an unfavorable outcome to pending or future litigation and
 investigations, including but not limited to, proceedings or
 lawsuits related to class actions seeking treble damages for
 alleged unlawful competitive practices, the impact of potential
 violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 (“FCPA”), and other legal, compliance and regulatory
 matters, including, but not limited to, product, customs and
 trade compliance matters. See “Legal Proceedings”
 (Part  I, Item 3). There can be no assurance that
 any investigation or litigation outcome will be favorable.

 Infringing
 intellectual property rights of third parties or inadequately
 acquiring or protecting our intellectual property and patents
 could harm our ability to compete or grow.

 Because our products involve complex technology and chemistry,
 we are involved, from time to time, in litigation involving
 patents and other intellectual property. Parties have filed, and
 in the future may file, claims against us alleging that we have
 infringed their intellectual property rights. If we are held
 liable for infringement, we could be required to pay damages,
 obtain licenses or cease making or selling certain products.
 There can be no assurance that licenses will be available on
 commercially reasonable terms or will be available at all. The
 defense of these claims, whether or not meritorious, and the
 development of new technology could cause us to incur
 significant costs and could divert the attention of management.

 We also could have our intellectual property infringed. We
 attempt to protect and restrict access to our intellectual
 property and proprietary information, by relying on the patent,
 trademark, copyright and trade secret laws of the U.S. and
 other countries, as well as on nondisclosure agreements.
 However, it may be possible for a third party to obtain our
 information without our authorization, to independently develop
 similar technologies, or to breach a non-disclosure agreement
 entered into with us. In addition, many of the countries in
 which we operate do not have intellectual property laws that
 protect proprietary rights as fully as in the U.S. The use
 of our intellectual property by someone else without our
 authorization could reduce or eliminate certain competitive
 advantages we have, cause us to lose sales or otherwise harm our
 business. Further, the costs associated with protecting our
 intellectual property rights could adversely impact our
 profitability.

 We have obtained and applied for some U.S. and foreign
 trademark registrations and patents, and will continue to
 evaluate whether to register additional trademarks and seek
 patents as appropriate. We cannot guarantee that any of the
 pending applications will be approved by the applicable
 government authorities. Further, we cannot assure that the
 validity of our patents or our trademarks will not be
 challenged. In addition, third parties may be able to develop
 competing products using technology that avoids our patents.

 We need
 to comply with numerous environmental, health, and safety
 laws.

 Due to the nature of our business, we are subject to
 environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations,
 including those related to the disposal of hazardous waste from
 our manufacturing processes. Compliance with existing and future
 environmental, health and safety laws could subject us to future
 costs or liabilities; impact our production capabilities;
 constrict our ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities; and
 generally impact our financial performance. We have accrued
 liabilities for environmental
 clean-up
 sites, including sites for which governmental

 10

Table of Contents

 agencies have designated us as a potentially responsible party,
 where it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the cost
 or amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. However, because
 of the uncertainties associated with environmental assessment
 and remediation activities, future expense to remediate
 currently identified sites and other sites, which could be
 identified in the future for cleanup, could be higher than the
 liability currently accrued.

 We are
 subject to risks associated with the availability and coverage
 of various types of insurance.

 We have various types of insurance including property, workers
 compensation and general liability. Insurance costs can be
 unpredictable and may adversely impact our financial results. We
 retain some portion of our insurable risks, and therefore,
 unforeseen or catastrophic losses in excess of insured limits
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.

 Proposed
 changes in U.S. tax legislation could materially impact our
 results.

 Currently, the majority of our revenue is generated from
 customers located outside of the U.S., and a substantial portion
 of our assets and our employees, are located outside of the
 U.S. We have not accrued income taxes and foreign
 withholding taxes on undistributed earnings for most
 non-U.S. subsidiaries,
 because such earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested
 in the operations of those subsidiaries. Certain proposals could
 substantially increase our tax expense, which would
 substantially reduce our income and have a material adverse
 effect on our results of operations and cash flows from
 operating activities.

 Changes
 in our tax rates could affect our future results.

 Our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in
 the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax
 rates, expirations of tax holidays, changes in the valuation of
 deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws and
 regulations or their interpretation. We are subject to the
 regular examination of our income tax returns by various tax
 authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse
 outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the
 adequacy of our provision for taxes. There can be no assurance
 that the outcomes from these examinations will not have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating
 results.

 The
 amount of various taxes we pay is subject to ongoing compliance
 requirements and audits by federal, state and foreign tax
 authorities.

 Our estimate of the potential outcome of uncertain tax issues is
 subject to our assessment of relevant risks, facts, and
 circumstances existing at that time. We use these assessments to
 determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and
 other tax-related accounts. Our future results may include
 favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax
 liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved,
 which may impact our effective tax rate
 and/or our
 financial results.

 We have
 deferred tax assets that we may not be able to use under certain
 circumstances.

 If we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income in
 certain jurisdictions, or if there is a significant change in
 the time period within which the underlying temporary
 differences become taxable or deductible, we could be required
 to increase our valuation allowances against our deferred tax
 assets. This would result in an increase in our effective tax
 rate, and would have an adverse effect on our future operating
 results. In addition, changes in statutory tax rates may change
 our deferred tax assets or liability balances, with either
 favorable or unfavorable impact on our effective tax rate. Our
 deferred tax assets may also be impacted by new legislation or
 regulation.

 The risks described above are not exclusive. If any of the above
 risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash
 flows or financial condition could suffer, which might cause the
 value of our securities to decline.