The
risks described below are not exhaustive. Should these risks actually occur, our business, including our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, could suffer,
which might cause the value of our securities to decline. Our ability to attain our goals and objectives is materially dependent on numerous factors and risks, including but not limited to, the
following: 

 The demand for our products is impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

        In 2013, approximately 75% of our sales were from international operations. We have operations in over 50 countries and our domestic
and international operations are strongly influenced by matters beyond our control, including changes in political, social, economic and labor conditions, tax laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign
subsidiaries), and international trade regulations (including tariffs), as well as the impact of these changes on the underlying demand for our products. 

        A
decline in economic activity in the United States and other regions of the world could result in a material adverse effect on our business, including, among other things, reduced
consumer spending, declines in asset valuations, diminished liquidity and credit availability, significant volatility in securities prices, credit rating downgrades, and fluctuations in foreign
currency exchange rates. Declines in economic conditions in the United States, Europe, and Asia could adversely affect our customers, suppliers and businesses similar to ours. These declines could
result in a variety of negative effects, including lower revenues, increased costs, lower gross margin percentages, increased allowances for doubtful accounts and/or write-offs of accounts receivable,
and required recognition of impairments of capitalized assets, including goodwill and other intangibles. A decline in economic conditions, including the ongoing macroeconomic challenges in the United
States and Europe and the debt crisis in certain countries in the European Union, could also have other material adverse effects on our business. In addition, uncertainty regarding the stability of
global credit and financial markets and widespread financial and business disruptions caused by any future U.S. government shutdown or default by the U.S. on U.S. government obligations could cause
significant volatility and disruption in the global and U.S. economies, which could adversely impact our business, including the availability and cost of
supplies and materials and our ability to obtain financing at reasonable costs. We are not able to predict the duration and severity of adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and other countries. 

5

Table of Contents

 We are affected by competitive conditions and customer preferences. If we do not compete effectively, we could lose market share or reduce selling prices, adversely
affecting our business. 

        We are at risk that our competitors will expand in our key market segments and implement new technologies, enhancing their competitive
position relative to ours. Competitors also may be able to offer additional products, services, lower prices, or other incentives that we cannot or would not offer or that would make our products less
profitable. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. 

        We
also are at risk with regard to changes in customer order patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained by customers and the timing of customer purchases, which may
be affected by announced price changes, changes in our incentive programs, or changes in the customer's ability to achieve incentive goals. Changes in customers' preferences for our products can also
affect the demand for our products. Decline in demand for our products could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 As a manufacturer, our sales and profitability are dependent upon the cost and availability of raw materials and energy, which are subject to price fluctuations, and our
ability to control or pass on costs of raw materials and labor. Raw material cost increases could adversely affect our business. 

        The pricing environment for raw materials used in our businesses could become challenging and volatile. Additionally, energy costs can
be volatile and unpredictable. Inflationary and other increases in the costs of raw materials, labor and energy have occurred in the past, most recently in 2010 and 2011, and could recur. In addition,
rules adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act requiring disclosure concerning the use of certain minerals that are mined
from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries ("Conflict Mineral Rules") could adversely affect the sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in our products, particularly if the
number of suppliers offering the minerals identified as "conflict free" is limited. Our performance depends in part on our ability to pass
on cost increases for raw materials to customers by raising the selling prices for our products and improving productivity. Depending on market dynamics and the terms of customer contracts, our
ability to recover these costs through increased pricing may be limited. Also, it is important for us to obtain timely delivery of materials, equipment, and other resources from suppliers, and to make
timely delivery to customers. It is possible that any of our supplier relationships could be interrupted due to natural and other disasters or other events, or be terminated in the future. A
disruption to our supply chain could adversely affect our sales and profitability, and any sustained interruption in our receipt of adequate supplies could have a material adverse effect on our
business. 

 Our future profitability may be adversely affected if we generate less productivity improvement than projected. 

        We intend to continue efforts to reduce costs in many of our operations, including through facility closures and square footage
reductions, headcount reductions, organizational restructuring, process standardization, and manufacturing relocation. However, the success of these efforts is not assured and lower levels of
productivity could reduce profitability. In addition, cost reduction actions could expose us to production risk, loss of sales and employee turnover. 

 Foreign currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in those rates, may affect our business. 

        Fluctuations in currencies can cause transaction, translation and other losses, which could negatively impact our sales and
profitability. Margins on sales of our products in foreign countries could be materially and adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

        We
monitor our foreign currency exposures and may, from time to time, use hedging instruments to mitigate exposure to changes in foreign currencies. Hedging activities may only offset a
portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. 

6

Table of Contents

        Additionally,
concerns regarding the short- and long-term stability of the euro and its ability to serve as a single currency could lead individual countries to revert, or threaten to
revert, to their former local currencies, potentially dislocating the euro. If this were to occur, the assets we hold in a country that re-introduces its local currency could be significantly devalued
and the demand and pricing strategy for our products could be adversely impacted given the introduction of additional currencies. Furthermore, if it were to become necessary for us to conduct business
in additional currencies, we could be subject to additional earnings volatility as amounts in these currencies are translated into U.S. dollars. 

 We have acquired companies and may continue to acquire other companies. Acquisitions come with significant risks and uncertainties, including those related to integration,
technology and personnel. 

        To grow our product lines and expand into new markets, we have made acquisitions in the past and may do so in the future. Various
risks, uncertainties, and costs are associated with acquisitions. Effective integration of systems, controls, objectives, personnel, product lines, market segments, customers, suppliers, and
production facilities and cost savings can be difficult to achieve, and the results of integration actions are uncertain, particularly given our geographically dispersed organization. In addition, we
may not be able to retain key personnel of an acquired company or successfully execute integration strategies and achieve projected performance targets for the business segment into which an acquired
company is integrated. Both before and after the closing of an acquisition, our business and those of the acquired company or companies may suffer due to uncertainty or diversion of management
attention. There can be no assurance that any acquisitions will be successful and contribute to our profitability and we may not be able to identify new acquisition opportunities in the future. 

 Divestures of any of our businesses or product lines could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

        We continually evaluate the performance of our businesses and may determine to sell a business or product line. For example, we
completed the sale of our OCP and DES businesses in 2013. Divestures may result in significant write-offs or impairments of assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets. Divestitures may
involve additional risks, including separation of operations, products and personnel, diversion of management attention, disruption to our other businesses and loss of key employees. We may not
successfully manage these or other risks we may confront in divesting a business or product line, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 Increased difficulty in the collection of receivables as a result of economic conditions or other market factors could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

        Although we have processes to administer credit granted to customers and believe our allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate, we
have experienced, and in the future may experience, losses as a result of our inability to collect certain accounts receivable. The financial difficulties of a customer could result in reduced
business with that customer. We may also assume higher credit risk relating to receivables of a customer experiencing financial difficulty. If these developments occur, our inability to shift sales to
other customers or to collect on our accounts receivable from major customers could substantially reduce our income and have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 Our inability to develop and successfully market new products and applications could compromise our competitive position. 

        The timely introduction of new products and improvements in current products helps determine our success. Research and development is
complex and uncertain and requires innovation and anticipation of market trends. We could focus on products that ultimately are not accepted by customers or we could suffer delays in production or
launch of new products that could compromise our competitive position. 

7

Table of Contents

 We are subject to risks associated with the availability and coverage of various types of insurance. 

        We have various types of insurance, including property, workers' compensation, general liability, and environmental liability.
Insurance costs can be unpredictable and may adversely impact our business. We retain some portion of our insurable risks, and therefore, unforeseen or catastrophic losses in excess of insured limits
could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 Changes in our tax rates could affect our future results. 

        Our future effective tax rate could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates,
changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation. There can be no assurance that these changes will not have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

 The amount of various taxes we pay is subject to ongoing compliance requirements and audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. 

        We are subject to the regular examination of our income tax returns by various tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of
adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. Our estimate of the potential outcome of uncertain tax issues is subject to our assessment of
relevant risks, facts, and circumstances existing at that time. We use these assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and other tax-related accounts. Our future results
may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved, which may materially impact our effective tax rate and/or have a
material effect on our business. 

 We have deferred tax assets that we may not be able to realize under certain circumstances. 

        If we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain jurisdictions, or if there is a significant change in the time
period within which the underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible, we could be required to increase our valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. This would result in
an increase in our effective tax rate and could have a material adverse effect on our future results. In addition, changes in statutory tax rates may change our deferred tax asset or liability
balances, with either a favorable or unfavorable impact on our effective tax rate. The computation and assessment of realizability of our deferred tax assets may also be materially impacted by new
legislation or regulations. 

 Potential tax liabilities and proposed changes in U.S. tax legislation could materially impact our business. 

        Currently, approximately 75% of our sales are generated from customers located outside of the U.S., and a substantial portion of our
assets and our employees are located outside of the U.S. We have not accrued income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on unrepatriated earnings for most non-U.S. subsidiaries, because we intend to
indefinitely reinvest in the operations of those subsidiaries. Our results of operations and cash flows from operating activities may be materially and adversely affected if tax rules regarding
unrepatriated earnings change, if changes in our domestic cash needs require us to repatriate foreign earnings for which no tax provisions have been made, or if the U.S. international tax rules change
as part of comprehensive tax reform or other tax legislation. 

 For us to remain competitive, it is important to recruit and retain highly-skilled employees. We also utilize various outsourcing arrangements for certain services, and
related delays, resource availability, or errors by these service providers may lead to increased costs or disruption in our business. 

        There is significant competition to recruit and retain skilled employees. Due to expansion in certain markets and our ongoing
productivity efforts and recent employee reductions, it may be difficult for us to recruit and retain sufficient numbers of highly-skilled employees. 

8

Table of Contents

        In
addition, we have outsourced certain services to third-party service providers, and may outsource other services in the future to achieve cost savings and operating efficiencies.
Service provider delays, resource availability, business issues or errors may lead to disruption in our businesses and/or increased costs. If we do not effectively develop, implement and manage
outsourcing strategies, if third-party providers do not perform effectively and in a timely manner, or if we experience problems with transitioning work to a third party, we may not be able to achieve
our expected cost savings, and may experience delays or incur additional costs to correct errors made by these service providers. 

 Significant disruption to our information technology infrastructure could adversely impact our business. 

        We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of a large and complex information technology infrastructure to link our worldwide
divisions. Like other information technology systems, ours is susceptible to a number of factors including, but not limited to, damage or interruptions resulting from a variety of causes such as
obsolescence, natural disasters, power failures, human error, viruses, social engineering, phishing, or other malicious attacks and data security breaches. We upgrade and install new systems, which,
if installed or programmed incorrectly or on a delayed timeframe, could cause delays or cancellations of customer orders, impede the manufacture or shipment of products, or disrupt the processing of
transactions. We have implemented certain measures to reduce our risk related to system and network disruptions, but if a disruption were to occur, we could incur significant losses and remediation
costs. 

        We
maintain information necessary to conduct our business, including confidential and proprietary information as well as personal information regarding our customers and employees, in
digital form. Data maintained in digital form is subject to the risk of intrusion, tampering and theft. We develop and maintain systems to prevent this from occurring, but the development and
maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Moreover, despite our
efforts, the possibility of intrusion, tampering and theft cannot be eliminated entirely. In addition, we provide confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties when it is
necessary to pursue business objectives. While we obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information and, where appropriate, assess the protections employed by these third
parties, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held by third parties may be compromised. If our data systems were compromised, our ability to conduct business could be impaired, we could lose
profitable opportunities or the value of those opportunities could be diminished and we could lose revenue as a result of unlicensed use of our intellectual property. If personal information of our
customers or employees were misappropriated, our reputation with our customers and employees could be injured, resulting in loss of business or morale, and we could incur costs to compensate our
customers and employees or pay fines or take other action with respect to judicial or regulatory actions arising out of any such incident. 

        Additionally,
we rely on services provided by third-party vendors for a significant portion of our information technology support, development and implementation, which makes our
operations vulnerable to these vendors' failures to perform adequately or maintain effective internal controls. 

 Miscalculation of our infrastructure needs could adversely impact our business. 

        Projected requirements of our infrastructure investments may differ from actual levels if our volume growth is not as we anticipate.
Our infrastructure investments generally are long term in nature, and it is possible that these investments may not generate the expected return due to changes in the marketplace, failures to complete
implementation, or other factors. Significant changes from our expected need for and/or returns on infrastructure investments could adversely affect our business. 

9

Table of Contents

 Our reputation, sales, and earnings could be affected adversely if the quality of our products and services does not meet customer expectations. 

        There are occasions when we manufacture products with quality issues resulting from defective materials, manufacturing, packaging or
design. Many of these issues are discovered before shipping, causing delays in shipping, delays in the manufacturing process, and occasionally cancelled orders. When issues are discovered after
shipment, they may result in additional shipping costs, discounts, refunds, and loss of future sales. Both pre-shipping and post-shipping quality issues could adversely impact our business and
negatively impact our reputation. 

 Because our products are sold by third parties, our business depends in part on the financial health of these parties. 

        Our products are not sold only by us, but by third-party distributors and retailers as well. Some of our distributors also market
products that compete with our products. Changes in the financial or business conditions or the purchasing decisions of these third parties or their customers could affect our business. 

 We outsource some of our manufacturing. If there are significant changes in the quality control or financial or business condition of these outsourced manufacturers, our
business could be negatively impacted. 

        We manufacture most of our products, but we also occasionally use third-party manufacturers, for example, for specialty jobs or
capacity overflow. Outsourced manufacturers reduce our ability to prevent product quality issues, late deliveries, customer dissatisfaction and compliance with customer requirements for labor
standards. Because of possible quality issues and customer dissatisfaction, deficiencies in the performance of outsourced manufacturers could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 Changes in our business strategies may increase our costs and could affect the profitability of our businesses. 

        As changes in our business environment occur, we may need to adjust our business strategies or restructure our operations or particular
businesses. When these changes occur, we may incur costs to change our business strategy and may need to write down the value of selected assets. We also may need to invest in new businesses that have
short-term returns that are negative or low and whose ultimate business prospects are uncertain. If any of these events were to occur, our costs could increase, our assets could be impaired, or our
returns on new investments could be lower than prior to the change in strategy. 

 If our indebtedness increases significantly or our credit ratings are downgraded, we may have difficulty obtaining acceptable short- and long-term financing. 

        Our overall level of indebtedness and credit ratings are significant factors in our ability to obtain short- and long-term financing.
Higher debt levels could negatively impact our ability to meet other business needs and could result in higher financing costs. The credit ratings assigned to us also impact the interest rates paid. A
downgrade of our short-term credit ratings below our current levels could impact our ability to access the commercial paper markets and increase our borrowing costs. If our access to commercial paper
markets were to become limited, our revolving credit facility and our other credit facilities would be available to meet our short-term funding requirements, if necessary. At December 28, 2013,
our variable rate borrowings were $73.9 million. Fluctuations in interest rates can increase borrowing costs and have a material adverse impact on our business. 

 Our current and future debt covenants may limit our flexibility. 

        Our credit facilities and the indentures governing our notes contain, and any future indebtedness of ours likely would contain,
restrictive covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on us. The restrictive covenants in our existing debt agreements and any future financing agreements may adversely 

10

Table of Contents

affect
our ability to engage in certain business activities that may otherwise be in our best long-term interests. 

 Additional financings may dilute the holdings of our current shareholders. 

        In order to provide capital for the operation of our business, we may enter into additional financing arrangements. These arrangements
may involve the issuance of new shares of preferred or common stock, convertible debt securities and/or warrants. Any of these issuances could result in a material increase in the number of shares of
common stock outstanding, which would dilute the ownership interests of existing common shareholders. In addition, any new securities could contain provisions, such as priorities on distributions and
voting rights, that could materially and adversely affect the value of our existing common stock. 

 The level of returns on pension and postretirement plan assets and the actuarial assumptions used for valuation purposes could affect our earnings and cash flows in future
periods. Changes in accounting standards and government regulations could also affect our pension and postretirement plan expense and funding requirements. 

        We evaluate the assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets for our pension plan
and other postretirement benefit plans in consultation with outside actuaries. In the event that we were to determine that changes are warranted in the assumptions used, such as the discount rate,
expected long-term rate of return, or health care costs, our future pension and projected postretirement benefit expenses and funding
requirements could increase or decrease. Because of changing market conditions or changes in the participant population, the actuarial assumptions that we use may differ from actual results, which
could have a significant impact on our pension and postretirement liability and related costs. Funding obligations for each plan are determined based on the value of assets and liabilities on a
specific date as required under relevant government regulations. Future pension funding requirements, and the timing of funding payments, could also be affected by future legislation or regulation. 

 Our pension assets are significant and subject to market, interest and credit risk that may reduce their value. 

        Changes in the value of our pension assets could materially adversely affect our earnings and cash flows. In particular, the value of
our investments may decline due to increases in interest rates or volatility in the financial markets. Although we mitigate these risks by investing in high quality securities, ensuring adequate
diversification of our investment portfolio and monitoring our portfolio's overall risk profile, the value of our investments may nevertheless decline. 

 Our share price may be volatile. 

        Changes in our stock price may affect our access to, or cost of financing from, capital markets and may affect our stock-based
compensation arrangements, among other things. Our stock price, which has at times experienced substantial volatility, is influenced by changes in the overall stock market and demand for equity
securities in general. Other factors, including our financial performance on a standalone basis and relative to our peers and competitors, as well as market expectations for our future performance,
the level of perceived growth of our industries, and other company-specific factors, can also materially impact our share price. There can be no assurance that our stock price will not be volatile in
the future. 

 An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill could negatively impact our results of operations and net worth. 

        Goodwill is initially recorded at fair value and is not amortized, but is reviewed for impairment annually (or more frequently if
impairment indicators are present). We review goodwill for impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value. In assessing fair value, we make estimates 

11

Table of Contents

and
assumptions about sales, operating margins, growth rates, and discount rates based on our business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. There are
inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management's judgment in applying these factors. Goodwill valuations have been calculated primarily using an income approach based on the present
value of future cash flows of each reporting unit. We could be required to evaluate the carrying value of goodwill prior to the annual assessment if we experience disruptions to our business,
unexpected significant declines in operating results, divestiture of a significant component of our business or sustained market capitalization declines. These types of events could result in goodwill
impairment charges in the future. Impairment charges could substantially affect our business in the periods of such charges. 

 Adverse developments in legal proceedings, investigations and other legal, compliance and regulatory matters, including those involving product and trade compliance, and
other matters, could impact us materially. 

        Our financial results could be materially and adversely impacted by an unfavorable outcome to pending or future litigation and
investigations, and other legal, compliance and regulatory matters, including, but not limited to, product and trade compliance and other matters. See "Legal Proceedings" (Part I,
Item 3). 

        In
addition, the new requirements set forth in the Conflict Mineral Rules required us to undertake due diligence efforts commencing in 2013 that we expect to continue in 2014, with
initial disclosure requirements beginning in May 2014. We expect to incur costs associated with complying with these disclosure requirements, including for conducting diligence procedures to determine
the sources of conflict minerals that may be used or necessary to the production of our products and, if applicable, potential changes to products, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of
such verification activities. We have identified products in certain businesses in our RBIS segment and our other specialty converting businesses that include metals and minerals subject to the
Conflict Mineral Rules. Our due diligence efforts to verify the origins of these metals and minerals are ongoing. Our reputation may be harmed if we are not able to sufficiently verify the origins for
the minerals and metals used in our products through the due diligence procedures that we implement. 

        There
can be no assurance that any investigation or litigation outcome will be favorable. 

 We are required to comply with numerous environmental, health, and safety laws. The costs of complying with these laws could adversely impact our business. 

        Due to the nature of our business, we are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including those related to
the disposal of hazardous waste from our manufacturing processes. Compliance with existing and future environmental, health and safety laws could subject us to future costs or liabilities, impact our
production capabilities, limit our ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities, and generally impact our business. We have accrued liabilities for the environmental clean-up of certain sites,
including sites for which governmental agencies have designated us as a potentially responsible party, where it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the cost or amount of loss can be
reasonably estimated. See "Legal Proceedings" (Part I, Item 3). However, because of the uncertainties associated with environmental assessment and remediation activities, future expense
to remediate currently identified sites and other sites that could be identified for cleanup in the future could be higher than the liabilities accrued. 

 We are required to comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various international jurisdictions, and our failure to comply with these laws
and regulations could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

        We are required to comply with the anti-corruption laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various international jurisdictions,
such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the United 

12

Table of Contents

Kingdom's
Bribery Act of 2010. Due to the international nature of our business, our failure to comply with these rules and regulations could expose us to liabilities. 

 Infringing intellectual property rights of third parties or inadequately acquiring or protecting our intellectual property could harm our ability to compete or grow. 

        Because our products involve complex technology and chemistry, we are involved from time to time in litigation involving patents and
other intellectual property. Parties have filed, and in the future may file, claims against us alleging that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. If we were held liable for
infringement, we could be required to pay damages, obtain licenses or cease making or selling certain products. There can be no assurance that licenses would be available on commercially reasonable
terms or at all. The defense of these claims, whether or not meritorious, and the development of new technology could cause us to incur significant costs and divert the attention of management. 

        We
also have valuable intellectual property upon which third parties may infringe. We attempt to protect and restrict access to our intellectual property and proprietary information by
relying on the patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws of the U.S. and other countries, as well as non-disclosure agreements. However, it may be possible for a third party to obtain our
information without our authorization, independently develop similar technologies, or breach a non-disclosure agreement entered into with us. In addition, many of the countries in which we operate do
not have intellectual property laws that protect proprietary rights as fully as do laws in the U.S. The use of our intellectual property by someone else without our authorization could reduce or
eliminate certain competitive advantages we have, cause us to lose sales or otherwise harm our business. Further, the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights could adversely
impact our business. 

        We
have obtained and applied for U.S. and foreign trademark registrations and patents, and will continue to evaluate whether to register additional trademarks and apply for patents as
appropriate. We cannot guarantee that any of the pending applications will be approved by the applicable government authorities. Further, we cannot assure that the validity of our patents or our
trademarks will not be challenged. In addition, third parties may be able to develop competing products using technology that avoids our patents. 

 Healthcare reform legislation could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

        During 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 were signed
into law in the United States. Certain of the provisions that could most significantly increase our healthcare costs in the near term include the removal of annual plan limits, the changes in rules
regarding eligibility for dependents and the mandate that health plans cover 100% of preventative care. In addition, our healthcare costs could increase if the new legislation and accompanying
regulations require us to cover more employees than we do currently or pay penalty amounts in the event that employees do not elect our offered coverage.
Much of the cost of the enacted healthcare legislation is expected to occur in or after 2014 due to provisions of the legislation being phased in over time, and changes to our healthcare cost
structure could have a material adverse impact on our business.