Our ability to attain our goals and objectives is materially
 dependent on numerous factors and risks, including but not
 limited to, the following:

 The
 demand for our products is impacted by economic conditions of
 the principal countries in which we operate. A decline in the
 economies in these countries could have an adverse effect on our
 sales and profitability.

 We have operations in 60 countries and our domestic and
 international operations are strongly influenced by matters
 beyond our control, including changes in the political, social,
 economic, tax and regulatory environments (including tariffs) in
 the countries in which we operate, as well as the impact of
 economic conditions on underlying demand for our products. In
 addition, approximately 60% of our sales are from international
 operations.

 5

Table of Contents

 Fluctuations in currencies can cause transaction, translation
 and other losses to us, which can negatively impact our sales
 and profitability.

 We
 operate in some highly competitive markets. If we do not compete
 effectively, we could lose market share and experience falling
 prices, adversely affecting our financial results.

 We are at risk that our competitors will expand in our key
 markets and implement new technologies making them more
 competitive. There is also the possibility that competitors will
 be able to offer additional products, services, lower prices, or
 other incentives that we cannot or will not offer or that will
 make our products less profitable. There can be no assurance
 that we will be able to compete successfully against current and
 future competitors.

 We are also at risk with regards to changes in customer order
 patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained
 by customers and the timing of customer purchases, which may be
 affected by announced price changes, changes in the
 Company’s incentive programs, or the customer’s
 ability to achieve incentive goals. Changes in customers’
 preferences for our products can also affect the demand for our
 products.

 We have
 acquired companies and our interest in various acquisition
 opportunities has increased. Acquisitions come with significant
 risks and uncertainties, including those related to integration,
 technology and personnel.

 In order to grow our product lines and expand into new markets,
 we have made acquisitions and may do so in the future, for
 example, we acquired Paxar Corporation in 2007. Various risks,
 uncertainties, and costs are associated with the acquisitions.
 Effective integration of systems, controls, objectives,
 personnel, product lines, markets, customers, suppliers,
 production facilities and cost savings can be difficult to
 achieve and the results are uncertain, particularly across our
 geographically dispersed organization. We may not be able to
 retain key personnel of an acquired company and we may not be
 able to successfully execute integration strategies or achieve
 projected performance targets set for the business segment into
 which an acquired company is integrated. Both prior to and after
 the closing of the transactions, our business and those of the
 acquired companies may suffer due to uncertainty or diversion of
 management attention.

 There can be no assurance that acquisitions will be successful
 and contribute to our profitability and we may not be able to
 identify new acquisition opportunities in the future.

 Our
 increased level of indebtedness following the Paxar acquisition
 could limit our ability to incur additional debt to fund
 business needs over the medium term.

 As a result of the Paxar acquisition, our debt levels
 approximately doubled. Although significant debt reduction is
 anticipated over the medium term from both the cash flow
 generation of our underlying businesses and the synergies
 expected from the acquisition, circumstances both within and
 beyond our control could cause debt levels to remain elevated
 for a longer time frame than anticipated. These higher debt
 levels could negatively impact our ability to meet other
 business needs or opportunities and could result in higher
 financing costs.

 Potential
 adverse developments in legal proceedings and an investigation
 regarding competitive activities and other legal, compliance and
 regulatory matters, including those involving product and trade
 compliance, Foreign Corrupt Practices Act issues and other
 matters, could impact us materially.

 Our financial results could be materially adversely impacted by
 an unfavorable outcome to pending or future litigation and
 investigations, including an Australian Competition and Consumer
 Commission investigation into industry competitive practices,
 lawsuits pertaining to this investigation or to the subject
 matter of now concluded investigations by the
 U.S. Department of Justice, the European Commission, and
 the Competition Law Division of the Department of Justice of
 Canada (including purported class actions in the United States
 seeking treble damages for alleged unlawful competitive
 practices, and a purported class action related to alleged
 disclosure and fiduciary duty violations pertaining to alleged
 unlawful competitive practices, which were filed after the
 announcement of the U.S. Department of Justice
 investigation), the impact of potential violations of the
 U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act based on issues in
 China, and other legal, compliance and regulatory matters,
 including product and trade compliance. See Item 1,
 “Legal Proceedings.” There can be no assurance that
 any investigation or litigation outcome will be favorable.

 6

Table of Contents

 Our
 future results may be affected if we generate less productivity
 improvement than projected.

 We are undertaking efforts to reduce costs in many of our
 operations, including closure of facilities, headcount
 reductions, organizational simplification and restructuring,
 process standardization, and manufacturing relocation, and using
 a variety of tools such as Lean Sigma and Kaizen events, to
 increase productivity, which is not assured. Lower levels of
 productivity could reduce profitability. In addition, cost
 reduction actions could expose us to additional production risk
 and loss of sales.

 As a
 manufacturer, our sales and profitability are also dependent
 upon the cost and availability of raw materials and energy,
 which are subject to price fluctuations, and the ability to
 control or pass on costs of raw materials and labor.

 Inflationary and other increases in the costs of raw materials,
 labor and energy have occurred in the past and are expected to
 recur, and our performance depends in part on our ability to
 pass on these cost increases to customers in our selling prices
 for products, and to effect improvements in productivity. Also,
 it is important that we are able to obtain timely delivery of
 materials, equipment, and packaging from suppliers, and to make
 timely delivery to customers. A disruption to our supply chain
 could adversely affect our sales and profitability.

 Slower
 growth in key markets could adversely affect our
 profitability.

 Our business could be negatively impacted by a decline in key
 end use markets or applications for our products. Our overall
 performance will be influenced by these markets.

 Our
 customers are widely diversified, but in certain portions of our
 business, industry concentration has increased the importance
 and decreased the number of significant customers.

 In particular, sales of our office and consumer products in the
 United States are concentrated in a few major customers,
 principally office product superstores, mass market distributors
 and wholesalers. The business risk associated with this
 concentration, including increased credit risks for these and
 other customers, and the possibility of related bad debt
 write-offs, could negatively affect our margins and profits.

 Our
 ability to develop and successfully market new products and
 applications is important in maintaining growth.

 The timely introduction of new products and improvements in
 current products helps determine our success. Research and
 development for each of our operating segments is complex and
 uncertain and requires innovation and anticipation of market
 trends. We could focus on products that ultimately are not
 accepted by customers or we could suffer delays in production or
 launch of new products that could compromise our competitive
 position in such product markets.

 Infringing
 intellectual property rights of third parties or inadequately
 acquiring or protecting our intellectual property and patents
 could harm our ability to compete or grow.

 Because our products involve complex technology and chemistry,
 we are from time to time involved in litigation involving
 patents and other intellectual property. Parties have filed, and
 in the future may file, claims against us alleging that we have
 infringed their intellectual property rights. If we are held
 liable for infringement, we could be required to pay damages or
 obtain licenses or to cease making or selling certain products.
 There can be no assurance that licenses will be available at
 all, or will be available on commercially reasonable terms, and
 the cost to defend these claims, whether or not meritorious, or
 to develop new technology could be significant and could divert
 the attention of management.

 We also could have our intellectual property infringed. We
 attempt to protect and restrict access to our intellectual
 property and proprietary information, by relying on the patent,
 trademark, copyright and trade secret laws of the U.S. and
 other countries, as well as on nondisclosure agreements, but it
 may be possible for a third party to obtain our information
 without our authorization, to independently develop similar
 technologies, or to breach non-disclosure agreement entered into
 with us. In addition, many of the countries in which we operate
 do not have intellectual property laws that protect proprietary
 rights as fully as in the U.S. The use of our intellectual
 property by someone else without our authorization could reduce
 or eliminate certain competitive advantage we have, cause us

 7

Table of Contents

 to lose sales, or otherwise harm our business. Further, the
 costs involved to protect our intellectual property rights could
 adversely impact our profitability.

 We have obtained and applied for some U.S. and foreign
 trademark registrations and patents, and will continue to
 evaluate whether to register additional trademarks and seek
 patents as appropriate. We cannot guarantee that any of the
 pending applications will be approved by the applicable
 government authorities. Further, we cannot assure that the
 validity of our patents or our trademarks will not be
 challenged. In addition, third parties might be able to develop
 competing products using technology that avoids our patents.

 The
 amount of various taxes we pay is subject to ongoing compliance
 requirements and audits by federal, state and foreign tax
 authorities.

 Our estimate of the potential outcome of uncertain tax issues is
 subject to our assessment of relevant risks, facts, and
 circumstances existing at that time. We use these assessments to
 determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and
 other tax-related accounts. Our future results may include
 favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax
 liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved,
 which may impact our effective tax rate
 and/or our
 financial results. We are in the process of reviewing
 Paxar’s compliance with such requirements.

 We have
 deferred tax assets that we may not be able to use under certain
 circumstances.

 If we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income in
 certain jurisdictions, or if there is a significant change in
 the time period within which the underlying temporary
 differences become taxable or deductible, we could be required
 to increase our valuation allowances against our deferred tax
 assets. This would result in an increase in our effective tax
 rate, and an adverse effect on our future operating results. In
 addition, changes in statutory tax rates may also change our
 deferred tax assets or liability balances, with either favorable
 or unfavorable impact on our effective tax rate. Our deferred
 tax assets may also be impacted by new legislation or regulation.

 The level
 of returns on pension and postretirement plan assets and the
 actuarial assumptions used for valuation purposes could affect
 our earnings in future periods. Changes in accounting standards
 and government regulations could also affect our pension and
 postretirement plan expense and funding requirements.

 Assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations
 and the fair value of plan assets for our pension plan and other
 postretirement benefit plans are evaluated by us in consultation
 with outside actuaries. In the event that we determine that
 changes are warranted in the assumptions used, such as the
 discount rate, expected long term rate of return, or health care
 costs, our future pension and projected postretirement benefit
 expenses could increase or decrease. Due to changing market
 conditions or changes in the participant population, the
 actuarial assumptions that we use may differ from actual
 results, which could have a significant impact on our pension
 and postretirement liability and related costs. Funding
 obligations are determined based on the value of assets and
 liabilities on a specific date as required under relevant
 government regulations for each plan. Future pension funding
 requirements, and the timing of funding payments, could be
 affected by legislation enacted by the relevant governmental
 authorities.

 In order
 for us to remain competitive, it is important to recruit and
 retain highly-skilled employees. We also utilize various
 outsourcing arrangements for certain services.

 There is significant competition to recruit and retain skilled
 employees. Due to rapid expansion in certain markets and the
 ongoing productivity efforts and recent employee reductions, it
 may be difficult for us to retain and recruit sufficient numbers
 of highly-skilled employees. We have outsourced certain services
 to multiple third-party service providers, and may outsource
 other services in the future to achieve cost savings and
 efficiencies. Service provider delays, resource availability,
 business issues or errors may lead to disruption in our
 businesses
 and/or
 increased costs. If we do not effectively develop, implement and
 manage outsourcing strategies, third-party providers do not
 perform effectively and timely, or we experience problems with a
 transition, we may experience disruption in our businesses, we
 may not be able to achieve the expected cost savings, and we may
 have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such
 service providers.

 8

Table of Contents

 We need
 to comply with many environmental, health, and safety
 laws.

 Due to the nature of our business, we are subject to
 environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations,
 including those related to the disposal of hazardous waste from
 our manufacturing processes. Compliance with existing and future
 environmental, health and safety laws could subject us to future
 costs or liabilities; impact our production capabilities;
 constrict our ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities; and
 generally impact our financial performance. We have accrued
 liabilities for environmental
 clean-up
 sites, including sites for which governmental agencies have
 designated us as a potentially responsible party, where it is
 probable that a loss will be incurred and the cost or amount of
 loss can be reasonably estimated. We are in the process of
 reviewing the environmental matters related to Paxar. However,
 because of the uncertainties associated with environmental
 assessment and remediation activities, future expense to
 remediate currently identified sites and other sites, which
 could be identified in the future for cleanup, could be higher
 than the liability currently accrued.

 In order
 to mitigate risk, it is important that we obtain various types
 of insurance.

 We have various types of insurance including property, workers
 compensation and general liability. Insurance costs can be
 unpredictable and may adversely impact our financial results.

 Significant
 disruption to our information technology infrastructure could
 adversely impact our operations, sales, customer relations, and
 financial results.

 We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of a large
 and complex information technology infrastructure to link our
 worldwide divisions. Like other information technology systems,
 ours is susceptible to damage or interruptions caused by
 obsolescence, natural disasters, power failures, viruses and
 security breaches. We upgrade and install new systems, which if
 installed or programmed incorrectly or if installation is
 delayed, could cause significant disruptions. We have
 implemented certain measures to reduce our risk related to
 system and network disruptions, but if a disruption occurs, we
 could incur losses and costs for remediation and interruption of
 operations. Additionally, we rely on services provided by
 third-party vendors for a significant portion of our information
 technology support, development and implementation.

 Our share
 price may be volatile.

 Our stock price is influenced by changes in the overall stock
 market and demand for equity securities in general. Other
 factors, including market expectations for our performance, the
 level of perceived growth of our industries, and announcements
 concerning industry investigations, have also impacted our share
 price. There can be no assurance that our stock price will be
 less volatile in the future.

 If our
 credit ratings are downgraded, we may have difficulty obtaining
 acceptable short- and long-term financing from capital
 markets.

 Credit ratings are a significant factor in our ability to raise
 short-term and long-term financing. The credit ratings assigned
 to us also impact the interest rates on our commercial paper and
 other borrowings. If our credit ratings were further downgraded,
 our financial flexibility could decrease and the cost to borrow
 would increase.

 Our
 reputation, sales, and earnings could be affected adversely if
 the quality of our products and services does not meet customer
 expectations.

 There are occasions when we manufacture products with quality
 issues resulting from defective materials, manufacturing,
 packaging or design. Many of these issues are discovered before
 shipping but this causes delays in shipping, delays in the
 manufacturing process, and occasionally cancelled orders. When
 the issues are discovered after shipment, this causes additional
 shipping costs, possible discounts, possible refunds, and
 potential loss of future sales. Both pre-shipping and
 post-shipping quality issues can result in financial
 consequences along with a negative impact on our reputation.

 9

Table of Contents

 Some of
 our products are sold by third parties.

 Our products are not only sold by us, but by third party
 distributors and retailers as well. Some of our distributors
 also market products that compete with our products. Changes in
 the financial or business condition or purchasing decisions of
 these third parties or their customers could affect our sales
 and profitability.

 We
 outsource some of our manufacturing. If there are significant
 changes in the quality control or financial or business
 condition of these outsourced manufacturers, our business could
 be negatively impacted.

 We manufacture most of our products, but we also use third-party
 manufacturers, for example, for specialty jobs or capacity
 overflow. Outsourced manufacturers reduce our ability to prevent
 product quality issues, late deliveries, customer
 dissatisfaction and compliance with customer requirements for
 labor standards. Because of possible quality issues and customer
 dissatisfaction, outsourced manufacturers could have an adverse
 effect on our business and financial results.

 The risks described above are not exclusive. Additional risks
 not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be
 less significant may also have an adverse effect on us. If any
 of the above risks actually occur, our business, results of
 operations, cash flows or financial condition could suffer,
 which might cause the value of our securities to decline.