. 

Our ability to attain our goals and objectives is materially dependent on numerous factors and risks, including but not limited to, the following: 

The demand for our products is impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide conditions, which could have a material adverse
effect on our sales and profitability. 

We conduct business in over 60 countries and our domestic and
international operations are strongly influenced by matters beyond our control, including changes in political, social, economic and labor conditions, tax laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign subsidiaries), and international trade regulations
(including tariffs), as well as the impact of these changes on the underlying demand for our products. 

Changes in economic
conditions in the regions in which we conduct business could negatively impact our customers, suppliers and business. 

A decline in economic activity in the United States and other regions of the world can result in a material adverse effect on our business, including, among other things, reduced consumer spending,
declines in asset valuations, diminished liquidity and credit availability, significant volatility in securities prices, rating downgrades, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The most recent declines in economic conditions in the
United States, Europe, and Asia adversely affected our customers, suppliers and businesses similar to ours. These declines resulted in a variety of negative effects, including reduction in revenues, increased costs, lower gross margin percentages,
increased allowances for doubtful accounts and/or write-offs of accounts receivable, and required recognition of impairments of capitalized assets, including goodwill and other intangibles. A decline in economic conditions, including the ongoing
macroeconomic challenges in the United States and Europe and the debt crisis in certain countries in the European Union, could also have other material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We
are not able to predict the duration and severity of adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and other countries, and there can be no assurance that there will not be further declines in economic activity. 

5 

Table of Contents

As a manufacturer, our sales and profitability are dependent upon the cost and
availability of raw materials and energy, which are subject to price fluctuations, and our ability to control or pass on costs of raw materials and labor. Raw material cost increases could adversely affect our business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

The pricing environment for raw materials used in a number of our businesses
continues to be challenging and volatile. Additionally, energy costs remain volatile and unpredictable. Inflationary and other increases in the costs of raw materials, labor and energy have occurred in the past, recurred in 2010 and 2011, and are
expected to recur. Our performance depends in part on our ability to pass on these cost increases to customers by raising the selling prices for our products and by effecting productivity improvements. Depending on market dynamics and the terms of
customer contracts, our ability to recover these costs through increased pricing may be limited. Also, it is important for us to obtain timely delivery of materials, equipment, and other resources from suppliers, and to make timely delivery to
customers. It is possible that any of our supplier relationships could be interrupted due to natural and other disasters or other events, or be terminated in the future. A disruption to our supply chain could adversely affect our sales and
profitability, and any sustained interruption in our receipt of adequate supplies could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our future profitability may be adversely affected if we generate less productivity improvement than projected. 

We intend to continue efforts to reduce costs in many of our operations through facility closures and square footage
reductions, headcount reductions, organizational restructuring, process standardization, and manufacturing relocation, by using a variety of tools, including Enterprise Lean Sigma and Kaizen events, to increase productivity. However, the success of
these efforts is not assured and lower levels of productivity could reduce profitability. In addition, cost reduction actions could expose us to additional production risk and loss of sales. 

We are affected by competitive conditions and customer preferences. If we do not compete effectively, we could lose market share and
experience falling prices, adversely affecting our financial results. 

We are at risk that our competitors
will expand in our key market segments and implement new technologies making them more competitive. Competitors also may be able to offer additional products, services, lower prices, or other incentives that we cannot or will not offer or that will
make our products less profitable. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. 

We also are at risk with regard to changes in customer order patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained by customers and the timing of customer purchases, which may be affected by
announced price changes, changes in our incentive programs, or changes in the customer’s ability to achieve incentive goals. Changes in customers’ preferences for our products can also affect the demand for our products. Our business could
be negatively impacted by a decline in demand for our products. 

Foreign currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in those
rates, may affect our reported sales and profitability. 

In 2011, approximately 73% of our sales were from
international operations. Fluctuations in currencies can cause transaction, translation and other losses to us, which could negatively impact our sales and profitability. Margins on sales of our products in foreign countries could be materially and
adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

We monitor our foreign currency exposures
and may from time to time, use hedging instruments to mitigate exposure to changes in foreign currencies. Hedging activities may only offset a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the
limited time the hedges are in place. 

Additionally, there are ongoing concerns regarding the short- and
long-term stability of the euro and its ability to serve as a single currency for a variety of individual countries. These concerns could lead individual countries to revert, or threaten to revert, to their former local currencies, which could lead
to the dislocation or dissolution of the euro. If this were to occur, the assets we hold in a country that re-introduces its local currency 

6 

Table of Contents

could be significantly devalued. Furthermore, the dislocation or dissolution of the euro could cause significant volatility and disruption in the global economy, which could adversely impact our
financial results, including the availability and cost of supplies and materials, the demand and pricing strategy for our products given the introduction of additional currencies, and our ability to obtain financing at reasonable costs. Finally, if
it were to become necessary for us to conduct business in additional currencies, we could be subject to additional earnings volatility as amounts in these currencies are translated into U.S. dollars. 

We have acquired companies and may continue to acquire other companies. Acquisitions come with significant risks and uncertainties,
including those related to integration, technology and personnel. In addition, divestures of any of our businesses or product lines could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

To grow our product lines and expand into new markets, we have made acquisitions, including our acquisitions of Paxar
Corporation in June 2007 and DM Label Group in April 2008, and may do so in the future. Various risks, uncertainties, and costs are associated with acquisitions. Effective integration of systems, controls, objectives, personnel, product lines,
market segments, customers, suppliers, and production facilities and cost savings can be difficult to achieve, and the results of integration actions are uncertain, particularly given our geographically dispersed organization. In addition, we may
not be able to retain key personnel of an acquired company and we may not be able to successfully execute integration strategies or achieve projected performance targets for the business segment into which an acquired company is integrated. Both
before and after the closing of an acquisition, our business and those of the acquired company or companies may suffer due to uncertainty or diversion of management attention. There can be no assurance that any acquisitions will be successful and
contribute to our profitability and we may not be able to identify new acquisition opportunities in the future. 

We continually evaluate the performance of our businesses and may determine to sell a business or product line. Divestures
may result in significant write-offs or impairments of assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets. Divestitures may involve additional risks, including separation of operations, products and personnel, diversion of management attention,
disruption to our other businesses and loss of key employees. On December 30, 2011, we agreed to sell our Office and Consumer Products business to 3M Company. We may be unable to close the transaction in a timely manner, or at all, because of
delays in carving-out the Office and Consumer Products business or failure to obtain regulatory approvals or satisfy other closing requirements, any of which could result in substantial additional costs or could unfavorably affect the ultimate value
of the sale. In addition, we may be unable to realize any accounting or tax benefits from the transaction, which could unfavorably affect the ultimate value of the sale. The divestiture and provision of transition services may also disrupt our
ongoing business, distract management, divert resources and create challenges in maintaining our current customer service levels, business standards, controls and procedures. We may not successfully manage these or other risks we may confront in
divesting a business or product line, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our customer base is diversified, but in certain portions of our business, industry concentration has increased the importance, and decreased the number, of significant customers. 

Sales of our Office and Consumer Products business in the United States are concentrated in a few major customers,
principally office product superstores, mass market distributors and wholesalers. The business risk associated with this concentration, including increased credit risks for these and other customers, and the possibility of related bad debt
write-offs, could negatively affect our margins and profits. 

Possible increased difficulty in the collection of
receivables as a result of economic conditions or other market factors could have a material effect on our results from operations and cash provided by operating activities. 

Although we have processes to administer credit granted to customers and believe our allowance for doubtful accounts is
adequate, we have experienced, and in the future may experience, losses as a result of our inability to collect our accounts receivable. The financial difficulties of a customer could result in reduced business with that customer. We may also assume
higher credit risk relating to receivables of a customer 

7 

Table of Contents

experiencing financial difficulty. If these developments occur, our inability to shift sales to other customers or to collect on our trade accounts receivable from major customers could
substantially reduce our income and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows from operating activities. 

Our inability to develop and successfully market new products and applications could compromise our competitive position. 

The timely introduction of new products and improvements in current products helps determine our success. Research and
development for each of our operating segments is complex and uncertain and requires innovation and anticipation of market trends. We could focus on products that ultimately are not accepted by customers or we could suffer delays in production or
launch of new products that could compromise our competitive position. 

We are subject to risks associated with the
availability and coverage of various types of insurance. 

We have various types of insurance, including
property, workers’ compensation and general liability. Insurance costs can be unpredictable and may adversely impact our financial results. We retain some portion of our insurable risks, and therefore, unforeseen or catastrophic losses in
excess of insured limits could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

Changes in our tax rates could
affect our future results. 

Our future effective tax rate could be affected by changes in the mix of
earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, expirations of tax holidays, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation. We are subject to the regular
examination of our income tax returns by various tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. There can be no assurance that the
outcomes from these examinations will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

The amount of various taxes we pay is subject to ongoing compliance requirements and audits by federal, state and foreign tax
authorities. 

Our estimate of the potential outcome of uncertain tax issues is subject to our assessment of
relevant risks, facts, and circumstances existing at that time. We use these assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and other tax-related accounts. Our future results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments
to our estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved, which may materially impact our effective tax rate and/or our financial results. 

We have deferred tax assets that we may not be able to use under certain circumstances. 

If we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain jurisdictions, or if there is a significant change in the time period within which the underlying temporary differences become
taxable or deductible, we could be required to increase our valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. This would result in an increase in our effective tax rate and would have a material adverse effect on our future operating results. In
addition, changes in statutory tax rates may change our deferred tax asset or liability balances, with either favorable or unfavorable impact on our effective tax rate. The computation and assessment of realizability of our deferred tax assets may
also be materially impacted by new legislation or regulations. 

Proposed changes in U.S. tax legislation could materially
impact our financial results. 

Currently, the majority of our revenue is generated from customers located
outside of the U.S., and a substantial portion of our assets and our employees are located outside of the U.S. We have not accrued income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on undistributed earnings for most non-U.S. subsidiaries, because those

8 

Table of Contents

earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in the operations of those subsidiaries. Certain proposals could substantially increase our tax expense, which would substantially reduce our
income and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows from operating activities. 

For us to
remain competitive, it is important to recruit and retain highly-skilled employees. We also utilize various outsourcing arrangements for certain services, and related delays, resource availability, or errors may lead to increased costs or disruption
in our business. 

There is significant competition to recruit and retain skilled employees. Due to
expansion in certain markets and our ongoing productivity efforts and recent employee reductions, it may be difficult for us to recruit and retain sufficient numbers of highly-skilled employees. 

We have outsourced certain services to third-party service providers, and may outsource other services in the future to
achieve cost savings and efficiencies. Service provider delays, resource availability, business issues or errors may lead to disruption in our businesses and/or increased costs. If we do not effectively develop, implement and manage outsourcing
strategies, if third-party providers do not perform effectively and in a timely manner, or if we experience problems with a transition, we may not be able to achieve our expected cost savings, and may experience delays or incur additional costs to
correct errors made by these service providers. 

Significant disruption to our information technology infrastructure could
adversely impact our operations, sales, customer relations, and financial results. 

We rely on the
efficient and uninterrupted operation of a large and complex information technology infrastructure to link our worldwide divisions. Like other information technology systems, ours is susceptible to a number of factors including, but not limited to,
damage or interruptions resulting from a variety of causes such as obsolescence, natural disasters, power failures, human error, viruses and data security breaches. We upgrade and install new systems, which, if installed or programmed incorrectly or
on a delayed timeframe, could cause delays or cancellations of customer orders, impede the manufacture or shipment of products, or disrupt the processing of transactions. We have implemented certain measures to reduce our risk related to system and
network disruptions, but if a disruption were to occur, we could incur significant losses and remediation costs. 

We maintain information necessary to conduct our business, including confidential and proprietary information as well as
personal information regarding our customers and employees, in digital form. Data maintained in digital form is subject to the risk of intrusion, tampering and theft. We develop and maintain systems to prevent this from occurring, but the
development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Moreover, despite our efforts, the possibility of
intrusion, tampering and theft cannot be eliminated entirely, and risks associated with each of these remain. In addition, we provide confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties when it is necessary to pursue business
objectives. While we obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information and, where appropriate, assess the protections employed by these third parties, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held by third parties may be
compromised. If our data systems are compromised, our ability to conduct business may be impaired, we may lose profitable opportunities or the value of those opportunities may be diminished and we may lose revenue as a result of unlicensed use of
our intellectual property. If personal information of our customers or employees were misappropriated, our reputation with our customers and employees could be injured resulting in loss of business or morale, and we could incur costs to remediate
possible injury to our customers and employees or to pay fines or take other action with respect to judicial or regulatory actions arising out of any such incident. 

Additionally, we rely on services provided by third-party vendors for a significant portion of our information technology
support, development and implementation, which may make our operations vulnerable to these third parties’ failure to perform adequately. 

9 

Table of Contents

Miscalculation of our infrastructure needs could adversely impact our financial results.

Projected requirements of our infrastructure investments may differ from actual levels if our volume
growth is not as we anticipate. Our infrastructure investments generally are long term in nature, and it is possible that these investments may not generate our expected return due to changes in the marketplace, failures to complete implementation,
or other factors. Significant changes from our expected need for and/or returns on infrastructure investments could adversely affect our financial results. 

Our reputation, sales, and earnings could be affected adversely if the quality of our products and services does not meet customer expectations. 

There are occasions when we manufacture products with quality issues resulting from defective materials, manufacturing,
packaging or design. Many of these issues are discovered before shipping, thus causing delays in shipping, delays in the manufacturing process, and occasionally cancelled orders. When issues are discovered after shipment, they may result in
additional shipping costs, discounts, refunds, and loss of future sales. Both pre-shipping and post-shipping quality issues can result in adverse financial consequences and a negative impact on our reputation. 

Because our products are sold by third parties, our financial results depend in part on the financial health of these parties.

Our products are not sold only by us, but by third-party distributors and retailers as well. Some of our
distributors also market products that compete with our products. Changes in the financial or business conditions or the purchasing decisions of these third parties or their customers could affect our sales and profitability. 

We outsource some of our manufacturing. If there are significant changes in the quality control or financial or business condition of
these outsourced manufacturers, our business could be negatively impacted. 

We manufacture most of our
products, but we also use third-party manufacturers, for example, for specialty jobs or capacity overflow. Outsourced manufacturers reduce our ability to prevent product quality issues, late deliveries, customer dissatisfaction and compliance with
customer requirements for labor standards. Because of possible quality issues and customer dissatisfaction, deficiencies in the performance of outsourced manufacturers could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial results.

Changes in our business strategies may increase our costs and could affect the profitability of our businesses.

As changes in our business environment occur, we may need to adjust our business strategies or restructure
our operations or particular businesses. When these changes occur, we may incur costs to change our business strategy and may need to write down the value of selected assets. We also may need to invest in new businesses that have short-term returns
that are negative or low and whose ultimate business prospects are uncertain. In any of these events, our costs may increase, our assets may be impaired, or our returns on new investments may be lower than prior to the change in strategy.

If our indebtedness increases significantly or our credit ratings are downgraded, we may have difficulty obtaining
acceptable short- and long-term financing. 

Our overall level of indebtedness and credit ratings are
significant factors in our ability to raise short-term and long-term financing. Higher debt levels could negatively impact our ability to meet other business needs or opportunities and could result in higher financing costs. The credit ratings
assigned to us also impact the interest rates on our commercial paper and other borrowings. If our credit ratings are downgraded, our financial flexibility could decrease and the cost to borrow would increase. At December 31, 2011, our variable
rate borrowings were $225.6 million. Fluctuations in interest rates can increase borrowing costs and have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

10 

Table of Contents

The level of returns on pension and postretirement plan assets and the actuarial
assumptions used for valuation purposes could affect our earnings and cash flows in future periods. Changes in accounting standards and government regulations could also affect our pension and postretirement plan expense and funding requirements.

Assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets for our
pension plan and other postretirement benefit plans are evaluated by us in consultation with outside actuaries. In the event that we determine that changes are warranted in the assumptions used, such as the discount rate, expected long-term rate of
return, or health care costs, our future pension and projected postretirement benefit expenses and funding requirements could increase or decrease. Because of changing market conditions or changes in the participant population, the actuarial
assumptions that we use may differ from actual results, which could have a significant impact on our pension and postretirement liability and related costs. Funding obligations are determined based on the value of assets and liabilities on a
specific date as required under relevant government regulations for each plan. Future pension funding requirements, and the timing of funding payments, could be affected by future legislation or regulation. 

The level of our pension assets is significant and subject to market, interest and credit risk that may reduce its value.

Changes in the value of our pension assets could materially adversely affect our earnings and cash flows.
In particular, the value of our investments may decline due to increases in interest rates or volatility in the financial markets. Although we mitigate these risks by investing in high quality securities, ensuring adequate diversification of our
investment portfolio and monitoring our portfolio's overall risk profile, the value of our investments may nevertheless decline. 

Our share price may be volatile. 

Changes in our stock
price may affect our access to, or cost of financing from, capital markets and may affect our stock-based compensation arrangements, among other things. Our stock price, which has at times experienced substantial volatility, is influenced by changes
in the overall stock market and demand for equity securities in general. Other factors, including our financial performance, on a standalone basis and relative to our peers and competitors, and market expectations for our future performance, the
level of perceived growth of our industries, and other company-specific factors, can also materially impact our share price. There can be no assurance that our stock price will be less volatile in the future. 

An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill could negatively impact our consolidated results of operations and net worth.

Goodwill is initially recorded at fair value and is not amortized, but is reviewed for impairment at least
annually (or more frequently, if impairment indicators are present). In assessing the carrying value of goodwill, we make estimates and assumptions about sales, operating margins, growth rates, and discount rates based on our business plans,
economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management’s judgment in applying these factors. Goodwill valuations have been calculated using an income
approach based on the present value of future cash flows of each reporting unit. We could be required to evaluate the carrying value of goodwill prior to the annual assessment if we experience disruptions to the business, unexpected significant
declines in operating results, divestiture of a significant component of our business or sustained market capitalization declines. These types of events and the resulting analyses resulted in a significant goodwill impairment charge in 2009 related
to our Retail Branding and Information Solutions segment and could result in other goodwill impairment charges in the future. Impairment charges could substantially affect our financial results in the periods of such charges, as did the one in 2009.

11 

Table of Contents

Potential adverse developments in legal proceedings, investigations and other legal,
compliance and regulatory matters, including those involving product and trade compliance, anti-bribery and other matters, could impact us materially. 

Our financial results could be materially and adversely impacted by an unfavorable outcome to pending or future litigation and investigations, and other legal, compliance and regulatory matters,
including, but not limited to, product and trade compliance and anti-bribery matters. See “Legal Proceedings” (Part I, Item 3). There can be no assurance that any investigation or litigation outcome will be favorable. 

Infringing intellectual property rights of third parties or inadequately acquiring or protecting our intellectual property could harm
our ability to compete or grow. 

Because our products involve complex technology and chemistry, we are
involved from time to time in litigation involving patents and other intellectual property. Parties have filed, and in the future may file, claims against us alleging that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. If we are held liable
for infringement, we could be required to pay damages, obtain licenses or cease making or selling certain products. There can be no assurance that licenses will be available on commercially reasonable terms or will be available at all. The defense
of these claims, whether or not meritorious, and the development of new technology could cause us to incur significant costs and divert the attention of management. 

We also have valuable intellectual property upon which third parties may infringe. We attempt to protect and restrict
access to our intellectual property and proprietary information by relying on the patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws of the U.S. and other countries, as well as non-disclosure agreements. However, it may be possible for a third party
to obtain our information without our authorization, independently develop similar technologies, or breach a non-disclosure agreement entered into with us. In addition, many of the countries in which we operate do not have intellectual property laws
that protect proprietary rights as fully as in the U.S. The use of our intellectual property by someone else without our authorization could reduce or eliminate certain competitive advantages we have, cause us to lose sales or otherwise harm our
business. Further, the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights could adversely impact our profitability. 

We have obtained and applied for U.S. and foreign trademark registrations and patents, and will continue to evaluate whether to register additional trademarks and seek patents as appropriate. We cannot
guarantee that any of the pending applications will be approved by the applicable government authorities. Further, we cannot assure that the validity of our patents or our trademarks will not be challenged. In addition, third parties may be able to
develop competing products using technology that avoids our patents. 

We need to comply with numerous environmental,
health, and safety laws. The costs of complying with these laws could adversely impact our financial results. 

Due to the nature of our business, we are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including those related to the disposal of hazardous waste from our manufacturing processes.
Compliance with existing and future environmental, health and safety laws could subject us to future costs or liabilities; impact our production capabilities; constrict our ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities; and generally impact our
financial performance. We have accrued liabilities for environmental clean-up sites, including sites for which governmental agencies have designated us as a potentially responsible party, where it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the
cost or amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. See “Legal Proceedings” (Part I, Item 3). However, because of the uncertainties associated with environmental assessment and remediation activities, future expense to remediate
currently identified sites and other sites, which could be identified in the future for cleanup, could be higher than the liabilities accrued. 

Healthcare reform legislation could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

During 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 were signed into law in the United States. Certain of the provisions that could
most 

12 

Table of Contents

significantly increase our healthcare costs in the near term include the removal of annual plan limits, the changes in rules regarding eligibility for dependents and the mandate that health plans
cover 100% of preventative care. In addition, our healthcare costs could increase if the new legislation and accompanying regulations require us to cover more employees than we do currently or pay penalty amounts in the event that employees do not
elect our offered coverage. While much of the cost of the recent healthcare legislation enacted is expected to occur in or after 2014 due to provisions of the legislation being phased in over time, changes to our healthcare cost structure could have
a material adverse impact on our business and operating costs. 

The risks described above are not exhaustive.
If any of the above risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition could suffer, which might cause the value of our securities to decline.