Our ability to attain our goals and objectives is materially
dependent on numerous factors and risks, including but not
limited to, the following:

Potential adverse developments in legal proceedings and
investigations regarding competitive activities and other legal,
compliance and regulatory matters, including those involving
product liability, product and trade compliance, Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act issues and other matters, could impact us
materially.

Our financial results could be materially adversely impacted by
an unfavorable outcome to pending or future litigation and
investigations, including, without limitation, any relating to
the U.S. Department of Justice’s Antitrust Division
(“DOJ”) criminal investigation, as well as the
European Commission (“EC”), Canadian Department of
Justice, and Australian Competition and Consumer Commission
investigations, into industry competitive practices and any
related proceedings or lawsuits pertaining to these
investigations or to the subject matter thereof (including
purported class actions in the United States seeking treble
damages for alleged unlawful competitive practices, and
purported class actions related to alleged disclosure and
fiduciary duty violations pertaining to alleged unlawful
competitive practices, which were filed after the announcement
of the DOJ investigation, as well as a likely fine by the EC in
respect of certain employee misconduct in Europe). See
Item 3, “Legal Proceedings.” There can be no
assurance that any investigation or litigation outcome will be
favorable.

The demand for our products is impacted by economic
conditions of the principal countries in which we operate. A
decline in the economies in these countries could have an
adverse effect on our sales and profitability.

We have operations in over 40 countries and our domestic and
international operations are strongly influenced by matters
beyond our control, including changes in the political, social,
economic, tax and

5

Table of Contents

regulatory environments (including tariffs) in the countries in
which we operate, as well as the impact of economic conditions
on underlying demand for our products. In addition,
approximately 55 percent of our sales are in foreign
currencies, which fluctuate in relation to one another and to
the United States dollar. Fluctuations in currencies can cause
transaction, translation and other losses to us, which can
negatively impact our sales and profitability.

We operate in some highly competitive markets. If we do not
compete effectively, we could lose market share and experience
falling prices, adversely affecting our financial results.

We are at risk that our competitors will expand in our key
markets and implement new technologies making them more
competitive. There is also the possibility that competitors will
be able to offer additional products, services, lower prices, or
other incentives that we cannot or will not offer or that will
make our products less profitable. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to compete successfully against current and
future competitors.

As a manufacturer, our sales and profitability are also
dependent upon the cost and availability of raw materials and
energy, which are subject to price fluctuations, and the ability
to control or pass on costs of raw materials and labor.

Inflationary and other increases in the costs of raw materials,
labor and energy have occurred in the past and are expected to
recur, and our performance depends in part on our ability to
pass on to customers changes in costs in our selling prices for
products and through improvements in productivity. Also, it is
important that we are able to obtain timely delivery of
materials, equipment, and packaging from suppliers. A disruption
to our supply chain could adversely affect our sales and
profitability.

Our future results may be affected if we generate less
productivity improvement than projected.

We are undergoing efforts to reduce costs in many of our
operations, including closure of facilities, headcount
reductions, organizational simplification, process
standardization, and using a variety of tools such as Lean Sigma
and Kaizen events, to accomplish this productivity, which is not
assured. Lower levels of productivity could result in lower
production, sales, and profitability. Cost reduction actions, in
turn, could expose us to additional production risk.

Slower growth in key markets could adversely affect our
profitability.

Our business could be negatively impacted by a decline in key
end use markets or applications for our products. Our overall
performance will be influenced by these markets.

Our customers are widely diversified, but in certain portions
of our business, industry concentration has increased the
importance and decreased the number of significant customers.

In particular, sales of our office and consumer products in the
United States are concentrated in a few major customers,
principally office product superstores, mass market distributors
and wholesalers. The business risk associated with this
concentration, including increased credit risks for these and
other customers, and the possibility of related bad debt
write-offs, could negatively affect our margins and profits.

Our ability to develop and successfully market new products
and applications is important in maintaining growth.

The timely introduction of new products and improvements in
current products helps determine our success. Research and
development for each of our operating segments is complex and
uncertain and requires innovation and anticipation of market
trends. We could focus on products that ultimately are not
accepted by customers.

6

Table of Contents

Infringing intellectual property rights of third parties or
inadequately acquiring or protecting our intellectual property
and patents could harm our ability to grow.

Because our products involve complex technology and chemistry,
we are sometimes involved in litigation involving patents and
other intellectual property. Parties have filed, and in the
future may file, claims against us alleging that we have
infringed their intellectual property rights. We could be held
to be liable to pay damages or obtain licenses. There can be no
assurance that licenses will be available, and the cost to
defend these infringement claims and to develop new technology
could be significant.

We also could have our intellectual property infringed. We
attempt to protect and restrict access to our intellectual
property and proprietary information, but it may be possible for
a third party to obtain our information and develop similar
technologies. In addition, many of the countries in which we
operate have limited or no protection for intellectual property
rights. The costs involved to protect our intellectual property
rights could adversely impact our profitability.

The amount of income taxes we pay is subject to ongoing
audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities.

Our estimate of the potential outcome of uncertain tax issues is
subject to our assessment of relevant risks, facts, and
circumstances existing at that time. Our future results may
include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated
tax liabilities in the period the assessments are made or
resolved, which may impact our effective tax rate and our
financial results.

The level of returns on pension and postretirement plan
assets and the actuarial assumptions used for valuation purposes
could affect our earnings in future periods.

Assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations
and the fair value of plan assets for our pension plan and other
postretirement benefit plans are evaluated by us in consultation
with outside actuaries who we rely on as experts. In the event
that we determine that changes are warranted in the assumptions
used, such as the discount rate, expected long term rate of
return, or health care costs, our future pension and projected
postretirement benefit expenses could increase or decrease. Due
to changing market conditions or changes in the participant
population, the actuarial assumptions that we use may differ
from actual results, which could have a significant impact on
our pension and postretirement liability and related cost.

We have acquired and may continue to acquire other companies.
These acquisitions come with significant risks and
uncertainties, including integration, technology and
personnel.

In order to grow our product lines and to expand into new
markets, we have made acquisitions and may do so in the future.
Many risks, uncertainties, and costs are associated with the
acquisitions. The integration of systems, objectives, personnel,
product lines, markets, customers, suppliers, and cost savings
can be difficult to achieve and the results are uncertain. There
can be no assurance that acquisitions will be successful and
contribute to our profitability.

In order for us to remain competitive it is important to
recruit and retain highly-skilled employees.

There is significant competition to recruit and retain skilled
employees. Due to rapid expansion in certain markets and the
ongoing productivity efforts and recent employee reductions, it
may be difficult for us to retain and recruit sufficient numbers
of highly-skilled employees.

We need to comply with many environmental, health, and safety
laws.

Due to the nature of our business, we are subject to
environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations,
including those related to the disposal of hazardous waste from
our manufacturing processes. We have accrued liabilities for
environmental clean-up
sites, including sites for which governmental agencies have
designated us as a potentially responsible party, where it is
probable that a loss will be incurred and the cost or amount of
loss can be reasonably estimated. However, because of the
uncertainties associated with environmental assessment and
remediation activities, future expense to remediate currently
identified sites and other sites, which could be identified in
the future for cleanup, could be higher than the liability
currently accrued.

7

Table of Contents

In order to mitigate risk, it is important that we obtain
various types of insurance.

We have various types of insurance including health, life, and
property. Since the 9/11 terrorist attacks, insurance premiums
have risen considerably and recent natural disasters will likely
result in an additional increase in insurance premiums. As the
cost of insurance continues to increase, our financial results
could be adversely affected.

Significant disruption to our information technology
infrastructure could adversely impact our operations, sales,
customer relations, and financial results.

We rely on a large and complex information technology
infrastructure to link our worldwide divisions. Like other
information technology systems, ours is susceptible to damage or
interruptions caused by natural disasters, power failures,
viruses and security breaches. We upgrade and install new
systems, which if installed or programmed incorrectly, could
cause significant disruptions. If a disruption occurs, we could
incur losses and costs for remediation and interruption of
operations.

Our share price has been volatile.

Our stock price is influenced by changes in the overall stock
market and demand for equity securities in general. Other
factors, including market expectations for our performance, the
level of perceived growth of our industries, and announcements
concerning industry investigations, have also impacted our share
price. There can be no assurance that our stock will be less
volatile in the future.

If our credit ratings are downgraded, we may have difficulty
obtaining acceptable short- and long-term financing from capital
markets.

Credit ratings are a significant factor in our ability to raise
short-term and long-term financing. The credit ratings assigned
to us also impact the interest rates on our commercial paper and
other borrowings. Standard and Poor’s (“S&P”)
has assigned us a credit rating of A-2 for short-term and A- for
long-term financing. S&P has given us a negative outlook.
Moody’s Investors Service (“Moody’s”) has
assigned us a credit rating of P2 for short-term and A3 for
long-term financing. Moody’s has given us a stable outlook.
If our credit ratings were to be downgraded, our financial
flexibility would decrease and the cost to borrow would
increase. We have no assurance that the current credit ratings
will be maintained.

Our reputation, sales, and earnings could be affected
adversely if the quality of our products and services does not
meet customer expectations.

There are occasions when we ship products with quality issues
resulting from defective materials, manufacturing, packaging or
design. Many of these issues are discovered before shipping but
this causes delays in shipping, delays in the manufacturing
process, and occasionally cancelled orders. When the issues are
discovered after shipment, this causes additional shipping
costs, possible discounts, possible refunds, and potential loss
of future sales. Both pre-shipping and post-shipping quality
issues can result in financial consequences along with a
negative impact on our reputation.

Some of our products are sold by third parties.

Our products are not only sold by us, but by third party
distributors and retailers as well. Some of our distributors
also market products that compete with our products. Changes in
the financial or business condition or purchasing decisions of
these third parties could affect our sales and profitability.

We outsource some of our manufacturing. If there are
significant changes in the quality control or financial or
business condition of these outsourced manufacturers, our
business could be negatively impacted.

We manufacture most of our products, but occasionally
third-party manufacturers are needed for specialty jobs or
capacity overflow. Outsourced manufacturers reduce our ability
to control product failure, late deliveries, customer
dissatisfaction and compliance with customer requirements for
labor standards. Because of possible quality problems and
customer dissatisfaction, outsourced manufacturers could have an
adverse effect on our business and financial results.

8

Table of Contents

The risks described above are not exclusive. Additional risks
not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be
less significant may also have an adverse effect on us. If any
of the above risks actually occur, our business, results of
operations, cash flows or financial condition could suffer,
which might cause the value of our securities to decline.