We operate in a market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. In addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, the following factors should be considered in evaluating our business and future prospects. Any of the following risks, either alone or taken together, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 

Risks Related to Our Industry and Business Operations

Our utility operations are subject to extensive economic regulation by state PUCs and other regulatory agencies, which significantly affects our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our utility operations also may be subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions for the inability to meet these regulatory requirements.

Our Regulated Businesses provide water and wastewater services to our customers through subsidiaries that are subject to economic regulation by state PUCs. Economic regulation affects the rates we charge our customers and has a significant impact on our business and results of operations. Generally, the state PUCs authorize us to charge rates that they determine are sufficient to recover our prudently incurred operating expenses, including, but not limited to, operating and maintenance costs, depreciation, financing costs and taxes, and provide us the opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on invested capital.

Our ability to successfully implement our business plan and strategy depends on the rates authorized by the various state PUCs. We periodically file rate increase applications with state PUCs. The ensuing administrative process may be lengthy and costly. Our rate increase requests may or may not be approved, or may be partially approved, and any approval may not occur in a timely manner. Moreover, a PUC may not approve a rate request to an extent that is sufficient to:

·

cover our expenses, including purchased water and costs of chemicals, fuel and other commodities used in our operations;

·

enable us to recover our investment; and

·

provide us with an opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on our investment.

Approval of the PUCs is also required in connection with other aspects of our utilities’ operations. State PUCs are empowered to impose financial penalties, fines and other sanctions for non-compliance with applicable rules and regulations. Our utilities are also required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from the PUCs that regulate their businesses. Although we believe that each utility subsidiary has obtained or sought renewal of the material permits, approvals and certificates necessary for its existing operations, we are unable to predict the impact that future regulatory activities may have on our business.

In any of these cases, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be adversely affected. Even if rates are sufficient, we face the risk that we will not achieve the rates of return on our invested capital to the extent permitted by state PUCs. This could occur if certain conditions exist, including but not limited to, if water usage is less than the level anticipated in establishing rates, or if our investments or expenses prove to be higher than the level estimated in establishing rates.

14

Our operations and the quality of water we supply are subject to extensive environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations. 
Compliance with increasingly stringent laws and regulations could impact our operating costs; and violations of such laws and regulations could subject us to substantial liabilities and costs.

Our water and wastewater operations, as well as the operations of our Market-Based Businesses, are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations and, in the case of our Canadian operations, Canadian laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, health and safety, the quality of the water we deliver to our customers, water allocation rights, and the manner in which we collect, treat, discharge and dispose of wastewater. These requirements include CERCLA, the Clean Water Act and the Safe Drinking Water Act, and similar state and Canadian laws and regulations. For example, CERCLA authorizes the EPA to issue orders and bring enforcement actions to compel responsible parties to investigate and take remedial actions with respect to actual or threatened releases of hazardous substances, and can impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, on responsible parties for the costs thereof. We are also required to obtain various environmental permits from regulatory agencies for our operations. 

In addition, state PUCs also set conditions and standards for the water and wastewater services we deliver. If we deliver water or wastewater services to our customers that do not comply with regulatory standards, or otherwise violate environmental laws, regulations or permits, or other health and safety and water quality regulations, we could incur substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions or costs, as well as damage to our reputation. In the most serious cases, regulators could reduce requested rate increases or force us to discontinue operations and sell our operating assets to another utility or to a municipality. Given the nature of our business which, in part, involves supplying water for human consumption, any potential non-compliance with, or violation of, environmental, water quality and health and safety laws or regulations would likely pose a more significant risk to us than to a company not similarly involved in the water and wastewater industry.

We incur substantial operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to comply with environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations. These laws and regulations, and their enforcement, generally have become more stringent over time, and new or stricter requirements could increase our costs. Although we may seek to recover ongoing compliance costs in our rates, there can be no guarantee that the various state PUCs or similar regulatory bodies that govern our Regulated Businesses would approve rate increases that would enable us to recover such costs or that such costs will not materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.

We may also incur liabilities if, under environmental laws and regulations, we are required to investigate and clean up environmental contamination at our properties, including potential spills of hazardous chemicals, such as chlorine, which we use to treat water, or at off-site locations where we have disposed of waste or caused an adverse environmental impact. The discovery of previously unknown conditions, or the imposition of cleanup obligations in the future, could result in significant costs and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. Such remediation costs may not be covered by insurance and may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.

Limitations on availability of water supplies or restrictions on our use of water supplies as a result of government regulation or action may adversely affect our access to sources of water, our ability to supply water to customers or the demand for our water services.

Our ability to meet the existing and future demand of our customers depends on the availability of an adequate supply of water. As a general rule, sources of public water supply, including rivers, lakes, streams and groundwater aquifers, are held in the public trust and are not owned by private interests. As a result, we typically do not own the water that we use in our operations, and the availability of our water supply is established through allocation rights (determined by legislation or court decisions) and passing-flow requirements set by governmental entities. Passing-flow requirements set minimum volumes of water that must pass through specified water sources, such as rivers and streams, in order to maintain environmental habitats and meet water allocation rights of downstream users. Allocation rights are imposed to ensure sustainability of major water sources and passing-flow requirements are most often imposed on source waters from smaller rivers, lakes and streams. These requirements, which can change from time to time, may adversely impact our water supply. Supply issues, such as drought, overuse of sources of water, the protection of threatened species or habitats, or other factors may limit the availability of ground and surface water.

15

For example, in our Monterey County, California operations, we are seeking to augment our sources of water supply, principally to comply with an Octo
ber 20, 2009 cease and desist order (the “2009 Order”) of the California State Water Resources Control Board that requires 
Cal Am 
to significantly decrease its diversions from the Carmel River in accordance with a reduction schedule presently running throu
gh December 31, 2016 (the “2016 Deadline”). We are also required to augment our Monterey County sources of water supply to comply with the requirements of the Endangered Species Act. 
In November 2015, Cal Am filed an application with the State Water Resour
ces Control Board to modify the 2009 Order to extend the deadline for compliance to December 31, 2020. 
We cannot predict whether Cal Am will be able to extend the 2016 Deadline or secure alternative sources of water, or if Cal Am will be exposed to liabili
ties if it is unable to meet the 2016 Deadline under the 2009 Order. If Cal Am or any of our other subsidiaries are unable to secure an alternative source of water, or if other adverse consequences result from the events described above, our business, fina
ncial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
 See Item 3
—
Legal Proceedings in this report, which includes additional information regarding this matter.

The current regulatory rate setting structure may result in a significant delay, also known as “regulatory lag,” from the time that we invest in infrastructure improvements, incur increased operating expenses or experience declining water usage, to the time at which we can address these events through the rate case application process; our inability to minimize regulatory lag could adversely affect our business.

There is typically a delay, known as “regulatory lag,” between the time one of our regulated subsidiaries makes a capital investment or incurs an operating expense increase and the time when those costs are reflected in rates. In addition, billings permitted by state PUCs typically are, to a considerable extent, based on the volume of water usage in addition to a minimum base rate. Thus, we may experience regulatory lag between the time our revenues are affected by declining usage and the time we are able to adjust the rate per gallon of usage to address declining usage. Our inability to reduce this regulatory lag could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.

We endeavor to reduce regulatory lag by pursuing positive regulatory policies. For example, seven state PUCs permit rates to be adjusted outside of the rate case application process through surcharges that address certain capital investments, such as replacement of aging infrastructure. These surcharges are adjusted periodically based on factors such as project completion or future budgeted expenditures, and specific surcharges are eliminated once the related capital investment is incorporated in new PUC approved rates. Other examples of such programs include states that allow us to increase rates for certain cost increases that are beyond our control, such as purchased water costs or property or other taxes, or power, conservation, chemical or other expenditures. These surcharge mechanisms enable us to adjust rates in less time after costs have been incurred than would be the case under the rate case application process. While these programs have been a positive development and we continue to seek expansion of programs to mitigate regulatory lag, some state PUCs which govern our regulated operations have not approved such programs. Furthermore, PUCs may fail to adopt new surcharge programs and existing programs may not continue in their current form, or at all. Furthermore, no state has adopted surcharge programs that include all elements of cost that may change between general rate proceedings. Although we intend to continue our efforts to expand state PUC approval of surcharges to address issues of regulatory lag, our efforts may not be successful, or even if successful they may not completely address our regulatory lag, in which case our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be materially and adversely affected.

Changes in laws and regulations over which we do not control and changes in certain agreements can significantly affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.

New legislation, regulations, government policies or court decisions can materially affect our operations. The individuals who serve as regulators are elected or are political appointees. Therefore, elections which result in a change of political administration or new appointments may also result in changes in the individuals who serve as regulators and the policies of the regulatory agencies that they serve. New laws or regulations, new interpretations of existing laws or regulations, changes in agency policy, including those made in response to shifts in public opinion, or conditions imposed during the regulatory hearing process could have the following consequences, among others:

·

making it more difficult for us to raise our rates and, as a consequence, to recover our costs or earn our expected rates of return;

·

changing the determination of the costs, or the amount of costs, that would be considered recoverable in rate cases;

·

restricting our ability to terminate our services to customers who owe us money for services previously provided or limiting our bill collection efforts;

·

requiring us to provide water services at reduced rates to certain customers;

·

restricting our ability to buy or sell assets or issue securities;

16

·

negatively impacting the 
deductibility of expenses under federal or state tax laws, the amount of tax credits or tax abatement benefits that may be available, the amount of taxes owed, or the ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards; 

·

changing regulations that affect the benefits we expected to receive when we began offering services in a particular area;

·

changing or placing additional limitations on change in control requirements relating to any concentration of ownership of our common stock;

·

making it easier for governmental entities to convert our assets to public ownership via eminent domain;

·

placing limitations, prohibitions or other requirements with respect to the sharing of information and participation in transactions by or between a regulated subsidiary and us or our other affiliates, including our service company and any of our other subsidiaries;

·

restricting or prohibiting our extraction of water from rivers, streams, reservoirs or aquifers; and

·

revoking or altering the terms of the certificates of public convenience and necessity (or similar authorizations) issued to us by state PUCs.

Any of the foregoing consequences could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 

Service disruptions caused by severe weather conditions or natural disasters may disrupt our operations and economic conditions may reduce the demand for water services, either of which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.

Service interruptions due to severe weather events are possible across all our service areas. These include winter storms and freezing conditions, high wind conditions, hurricanes, tornados, earthquakes, landslides, coastal and intercoastal floods or high water conditions, including those in or near designated flood plains, and severe electrical storms. Weather events such as these may affect the condition or operability of our facilities, limiting or preventing us from delivering water or wastewater services to our customers, or requiring us to make substantial capital expenditures to repair any damage. For example, in October 2012, our east coast subsidiaries were affected by Hurricane Sandy. The most significant impact to our business was caused by the widespread power outages caused by the storm’s heavy winds, rain and snow. In addition, adverse economic conditions can cause our customers, particularly industrial customers, to curtail operations. A curtailment of operations by an industrial customer would typically result in reduced water usage. In more severe circumstances, the decline in usage could be permanent. Any decrease in demand resulting from difficult economic conditions could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Government restrictions on water use may also result in decreased use of water services, even if our water supplies are sufficient to serve our customers, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Seasonal drought conditions that would impact our water services are possible across all of our service areas. If a regional drought were to occur, governmental restrictions may be imposed on all systems within a region independent of the supply adequacy of any individual system. For example, as a result of a four-year period of reduced rainfall and overall dry conditions throughout the State of California, Cal Am has been closely monitoring its owned and purchased water supplies. In April 2015, the Governor of California mandated water usage restrictions to reduce overall water usage by 25% in the state compared to 2013 usage levels. Although such restrictions are scheduled to expire in February 2016, the Governor of California issued an executive order in November 2015 extending the restrictions through October 31, 2016 if drought conditions persist through January 2016. While expenses incurred in implementing water conservation and rationing plans in Cal Am’s districts are generally recoverable provided the California Public Utilities Commission (the “CPUC”) determines they were reasonable, Cal Am cannot assure that such expenses will, in fact, be fully recovered. Moreover, reductions in water consumption, including those resulting from installation of equipment or changed consumer behavior, may persist even after drought restrictions are repealed and the drought has ended, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Some scientific experts are predicting a worsening of weather volatility in the future. Changing severe weather patterns could require additional expenditures to reduce the risk associated with any increasing storm, flood and drought occurrences. The issue of climate change is receiving increased attention worldwide. Many climate change predictions, if true, present several potential challenges to water and wastewater utilities, such as: increased frequency and duration of droughts, increased precipitation and flooding, potential degradation of water quality, and changes in demand for services. Because of the uncertainty of weather volatility related to climate change, we cannot predict its potential impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.

17

Our Reg
ulated Businesses require significant capital expenditures and may suffer if we fail to secure appropriate funding to make investments, or if we experience delays in completing major capital expenditure projects.

The water and wastewater utility business is capital intensive. We invest significant amounts of capital to add, replace and maintain property, plant and equipment. In 2015, we invested $1.2 billion in net Company-funded capital improvements. The level of capital expenditures necessary to maintain the integrity of our systems could increase in the future. We expect to fund capital improvement projects using cash generated from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper programs and issuances of long-term debt. We may not be able to access the debt and equity capital markets, when necessary or desirable to fund capital improvements on favorable terms or at all.

In addition, we could be limited in our ability to both pursue growth and pay dividends in accordance with our dividend policy. In order to fund construction expenditures, acquisitions, principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, and dividends at the level currently anticipated under our dividend policy, we expect that we will need additional financing. 

The ability to obtain financing at reasonable rates is contingent upon our credit ratings and general market conditions. If we do not obtain sufficient financing, we could be unable to maintain our existing property, plant and equipment, fund our capital investment strategies, meet our growth targets and expand our rate base to enable us to earn satisfactory future returns on our investments. Even with adequate financial resources to make required capital expenditures, we face the additional risk that we will not complete our major capital projects on time, as a result of construction delays, permitting delays, labor shortages or other disruptions, environmental restrictions, or other obstacles. Each of these outcomes could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Weather conditions could adversely affect demand for our water service and our revenues.

Demand for our water during the warmer months is generally greater than during cooler months due primarily to increased water usage for irrigation systems, swimming pools, cooling systems and other applications. Throughout the year, and particularly during typically warmer months, demand tends to vary with temperature, rainfall levels and rainfall frequency. In the event that temperatures during the typically warmer months are cooler than normal, or if there is more rainfall than normal, the demand for our water may decrease and adversely affect our revenues.

Regulatory and environmental risks associated with the collection, treatment and disposal of wastewater may impose significant costs.

The wastewater collection, treatment and disposal operations of our subsidiaries are subject to substantial regulation and involve significant environmental risks. If collection, treatment or disposal systems fail, overflow, or do not operate properly, untreated wastewater or other contaminants could spill onto nearby properties or into nearby streams and rivers, causing damage to persons or property, injury to aquatic life and economic damages. This risk is most acute during periods of substantial rainfall or flooding, which are the main causes of sewer overflow and system failure. Liabilities resulting from such damage could adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, if we are deemed liable for any damage caused by overflow or disposal operations, our losses might not be covered by insurance, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future. 

Contamination of our sources of water could result in service limitations and interruptions and exposure to substances not typically found in potable water supplies, and could subject our subsidiaries to reduction in usage and other responsive obligations, government enforcement actions and private litigation.

The water supplies that flow into our treatment plants and are then delivered into our distribution system are subject to contamination, including contamination from naturally-occurring compounds, chemicals in groundwater systems, pollution resulting from man-made sources, such as perchlorate and methyl tertiary butyl ether, chemical spills or other accidents that result in contaminants entering the water source, and possible terrorist attacks. If one of our water supplies is contaminated, depending on the nature of the contamination, we may have to take responsive actions that could include, among other things (1) continuing limited use of the water supply under a “Do Not Use” protective order that enables continuation of basic sanitation and essential fire protection, or (2) interrupting the use of that water supply. If service is disrupted, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation may be adversely affected. In addition, we may incur significant costs in order to treat the contaminated source through expansion of our current treatment facilities, or development of new treatment methods. We may be unable to recover costs associated with treating or decontaminating water supplies through rates, or recovery of these costs may not occur in a timely manner. Moreover, we could be subject to claims for damages arising from government enforcement actions or toxic tort or other lawsuits arising out of interruption of service or human exposure to hazardous substances in our drinking water supplies. 

18

In this regard, on January 9, 2014, a chemical storage tank owned by Freedom Industries, Inc. leaked two substances into the Elk River near t
he WVAWC treatment plant intake in Charleston, West Virginia. WVAWC has and may continue to incur significant costs in responding to this incident and may not be able to recover such costs through rates or from insurers. Even if recovery is possible, it ma
y not occur in a timely manner. Government investigations relating to the Freedom Industries spill have been initiated, state laws have been enacted, state and federal legislatures are considering changes to existing laws or rules associated with new laws,
 and there are 68 currently pending lawsuits against WVAWC and, in a few cases, against us or our affiliates. While American Water and WVAWC believe that WVAWC has responded appropriately to, and has no responsibility for, the Freedom Industries spill, and
 American Water and WVAWC believe they and other affiliates have valid, meritorious defenses to the lawsuits, WVAWC will incur defense costs that may not be recoverable. Moreover, an adverse outcome in one or more of the lawsuits could have a material adve
rse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation. WVAWC and American Water are unable to predict the outcome of the ongoing government investigations or any legislative initiatives that might affect water u
tility operations. See Item 3
—
Legal Proceedings for additional information regarding this matter.

Since we engage in the business of providing drinking water to our customers, contamination of the water supply can result in substantial injury or damage to our customers, employees or others and we could be exposed to substantial claims and litigation. Such claims could relate to, among other things, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption, property damage, pollution, and environmental damage and may be brought by our customers or third parties. Litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings can and do occur. Pending or future claims against us could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We may sustain losses that exceed or are excluded from our insurance coverage or for which we are not insured.

We maintain insurance coverage as part of our overall legal and risk management strategy to minimize potential liabilities arising from our utility operations, as well as the operations of our Market-Based Businesses. Our insurance programs have varying coverage limits, exclusions and maximums, and insurance companies may seek to deny claims we might make. Generally, our insurance policies cover property damage, worker’s compensation, employer’s liability, general liability, terrorism risks and automobile liability. Each policy includes deductibles or self-insured retentions and policy limits for covered claims. As a result, we may sustain losses that exceed or that are excluded from our insurance coverage or for which we are not insured.

Although in the past we have been generally able to cover our insurance needs, there can be no assurances that we can secure all necessary or appropriate insurance in the future, or that such insurance can be economically secured. For example, catastrophic events can result in decreased coverage limits, more limited coverage, increased premium costs or deductibles. 

We are subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other sanctions. 

Water and wastewater utilities, including our regulated subsidiaries, have a large consumer customer base and as a result are exposed to public criticism regarding, among other things, the reliability of their water and wastewater services, the quality of water provided, and the timeliness and accuracy of bills that are provided for such services. Adverse publicity and negative consumer sentiment may render legislatures and other governing bodies, state PUCs and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view companies such American Water and its regulated subsidiaries in a favorable light, and may cause American Water and its regulated subsidiaries to be susceptible to less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent regulatory requirements. Unfavorable regulatory outcomes may include the enactment of more stringent laws and regulations governing our operations, as well as fines, penalties or other sanctions or requirements. The imposition of any of the foregoing could have a material negative impact on American Water and each of our regulated subsidiaries’ business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The failure of, or the requirement to repair, upgrade or dismantle, any of our dams may adversely affect our financial condition results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.

The properties of our Regulation Businesses segment include 81 dams, a failure of any of which could result in personal injury and downstream property damage for which we may be liable. The failure of a dam would also adversely affect our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Any losses or liabilities incurred due to a failure of one of our dams might not be covered by insurance policies or be recoverable in rates, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future. 

19

We also are required from time to time to decommission, repair or
 upgrade the dams that we own. The cost of such repairs or upgrades can be and has been material. The federal and state agencies that regulate our operations may adopt rules and regulations requiring us to dismantle our dams, which also could entail materi
al costs. Although in most cases, the PUC has permitted recovery of expenses and capital investment related to dam rehabilitation, we might not be able to recover costs of repairs, upgrades or dismantling through rates in the future. The inability to recov
er these costs or delayed recovery of the costs as a result of regulatory lag can affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 

Any failure of our network of water and wastewater pipes and water reservoirs could result in losses and damages that may affect our financial condition and reputation.

Our operating subsidiaries distribute water and collect wastewater through an extensive network of pipes and storage systems located across the United States. A failure of major pipes or reservoirs could result in injuries and property damage for which we may be liable. The failure of major pipes and reservoirs may also result in the need to shut down some facilities or parts of our network in order to conduct repairs. Such failures and shutdowns may limit our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers and to meet the water and wastewater delivery requirements prescribed by government regulators, including state PUCs with jurisdiction over our operations, and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation. Any business interruption or other losses might not be covered by insurance policies or be recoverable in rates, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future. Moreover, to the extent such business interruptions or other losses are not covered by insurance, they may not be recovered through rate adjustments.

An important part of our growth strategy is the acquisition of water and wastewater systems. Any further acquisitions we undertake may involve risks. Further, competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities, and strategic and financial buyers may hinder our ability to grow our business.

An important element of our growth strategy is the acquisition of water and wastewater systems in order to broaden our current, and move into new, service areas. We may not be able to acquire other businesses if we cannot identify suitable acquisition opportunities or reach mutually agreeable terms with acquisition candidates. Further, competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities, and strategic and financial buyers may hinder our ability to expand our business. 

The negotiation of potential acquisitions as well as the integration of acquired businesses with our existing operations could require us to incur significant costs and cause diversion of our management’s time and resources. Future acquisitions by us could result in, among other things:

·

incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, environmental liabilities and assumption of liabilities of an acquired business, including liabilities that were unknown at the time of acquisition;

·

failure to recover of acquisition premiums;

·

unanticipated capital expenditures;

·

issuances of our equity securities;

·

failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting;

·

recording goodwill and other intangible assets at values that ultimately may be subject to impairment charges;

·

fluctuations in quarterly results;

·

unanticipated acquisition-related expenses; 

·

failure to realize anticipated benefits, such as cost savings and revenue enhancements; and

·

difficulties assimilating personnel, services and systems.

Some or all of these items could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to finance our business, pay dividends and to comply with regulatory requirements. The businesses we acquire in the future may not achieve anticipated sales and profitability, and any difficulties we encounter in the integration process could interfere with our operations, reduce our operating margins and adversely affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

We compete with governmental entities, other regulated utilities, and strategic and financial buyers, for acquisition opportunities. If consolidation becomes more prevalent in the water and wastewater industries and competition for acquisitions increases, the prices for suitable acquisition candidates may increase to unacceptable levels and limit our ability to expand through acquisitions. In addition, our competitors may impede our growth by purchasing water utilities adjacent to or near our existing service areas, thereby impairing our ability to geographically expand the affected service areas. Competing governmental entities, utilities, environmental or social 

20

activist groups, and strategic and financial buyers have challenged, and may in the future challenge, our eff
orts to acquire new companies and/or service areas. Our growth could be hindered if we are not able to compete effectively for new companies and/or service areas with other companies or strategic and financial buyers that have lower costs of operations. An
y of these risks may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The assets of our Regulated Businesses are subject to condemnation through eminent domain or other similar authorized process.

Municipalities and other government subdivisions have historically been involved in the provision of water and wastewater services in the United States, and organized efforts may arise from time to time in one or more of the service areas in which our Regulated Businesses operate to convert our assets to public ownership and operation through exercise of the governmental power of eminent domain, or another similar authorized process. Should a municipality or other government subdivision or a citizen group seek to acquire our assets through eminent domain or such other process, either directly or indirectly as a result of a citizen petition, we may resist the acquisition.

Contesting an exercise of condemnation through eminent domain or other process, or responding to a citizen petition, may result in costly legal proceedings and may divert the attention of the affected Regulated Businesses’ management from the operation of its business. Moreover, our efforts to resist the condemnation or process may not be successful.

If a municipality or other government subdivision succeeds in acquiring the assets of one or more of our Regulated Businesses through eminent domain or other process, there is a risk that we will not receive adequate compensation for the business, that we will not be able to keep the compensation, or that we will not be able to divest the business without incurring significant one-time charges.

We rely on technology to facilitate the management of our business and customer and supplier relationships, and a disruption of these systems could adversely affect our business.

Our technology systems, particularly our information technology (“IT”) systems, are an integral part of our business, and a serious disruption of our IT systems could significantly limit our ability to manage and operate our business efficiently, which, in turn, could cause our business and competitive position to suffer and adversely affect our results of operations. For example, we depend on our IT systems to bill customers, process orders, provide customer service, manage construction projects, manage our financial records, track assets, remotely monitor certain of our plants and facilities and manage human resources, inventory and accounts receivable collections. Our IT systems also enable us to purchase products from our suppliers and bill customers on a timely basis, maintain cost-effective operations and provide service to our customers. While we completed in the fourth quarter of 2013 the business transformation implementation for our Enterprise Resource Planning, Enterprise Asset Management (“EAM”) and Customer Information (“CIS”) systems, and we are in the process of implementing a similar system for our American Water Enterprises business, a number of our mission and business critical IT systems are older, such as our SCADA (supervisory control and data acquisition) system. Although we do not believe that our IT systems are at a materially greater risk of cybersecurity incidents than other similar organizations, our IT systems remain vulnerable to damage or interruption from:

·

power loss, computer systems failures, and internet, telecommunications or data network failures;

·

operator negligence or improper operation by, or supervision of, employees;

·

physical and electronic loss of customer data due to security breaches, cyber attacks, misappropriation and similar events;

·

computer viruses;

·

intentional security breaches, hacking, denial of services actions, misappropriation of data and similar events; and

·

hurricanes, fires, floods, earthquakes and other natural disasters.

These events may result in physical and electronic loss of customer or financial data, security breaches, misappropriation and other adverse consequences. In addition, the lack of redundancy for certain of our IT systems, including billing systems, could exacerbate the impact of any of these events on us.

In addition, we may not be successful in developing or acquiring technology that is competitive and responsive to the needs of our business, and we might lack sufficient resources to make the necessary upgrades or replacements of outdated existing technology to enable us to continue to operate at our current level of efficiency.

21

We may be subject to physical and/or cyber attacks.

As operators of critical infrastructure, we may face a heightened risk of physical and/or cyber attacks. Our water and wastewater systems may be vulnerable to disability or failures as a result of physical or cyber acts of war or terrorism, vandalism or other causes. Our corporate and information technology systems may be vulnerable to unauthorized access due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism, and other causes. Unauthorized access to confidential information located or stored on these systems could negatively and materially impact our customers, employees, suppliers and other third parties.

If, despite our security measures, a significant physical attack or cyber breach occurred, we could have our operations disrupted, property damaged, and customer information stolen; experience substantial loss of revenues, response costs, and other financial loss; and be subject to increased regulation, litigation, and damage to our reputation, any of which could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows.

Our inability to efficiently optimize and stabilize new IT systems could result in higher than expected costs or otherwise adversely impact our internal controls environment, operations and profitability.

Over the past several years, we have implemented, and are in the process of implementing with respect to our American Water Enterprises business, improvements to our business processes and upgrading our legacy core information technology systems. These enterprise-wide initiatives support our broader strategic initiatives and are intended to optimize workflow throughout our field operations, improve our back-office operations and enhance our customer service capabilities. Any technical or other difficulties in optimizing and stabilizing new IT systems and other technology may increase the costs of the project beyond those anticipated and have an adverse effect on our operations and reporting processes, including our internal control over financial reporting. Although efforts are being made to minimize any adverse impact on our controls, we cannot assure that all such impacts have been mitigated.

As we make adjustments to our operations, we may incur incremental expenses prior to realizing the benefits of a more efficient workforce and operating structure. Further, we may not realize anticipated cost improvements and greater efficiencies from the project.

We operate numerous IT systems that are in various stages of integration, sometimes leading to inefficiencies. Therefore, delays in stabilization and optimization of these systems will also delay cost savings and efficiencies expected to result from the project. We may also experience difficulties consolidating our current systems, moving to a common set of operational processes and implementing a successful change management process. These difficulties may impact our ability to meet customer needs efficiently. Any such delays or difficulties may have a material and adverse impact on our business, client relationships and financial results.

Our business has inherently dangerous workplaces. If we fail to maintain safe work sites, we can be exposed to financial losses as well as penalties and other liabilities.

Our safety record is critical to our reputation. We maintain health and safety standards to protect our employees, customers, vendors and the public. Although we intend to adhere to such health and safety standards it is unlikely that we will be able to avoid accidents at all times. 

Our business sites, including construction and maintenance sites, often put our employees and others in close proximity with large pieces of equipment, moving vehicles, pressurized water, chemicals and other regulated materials. On many sites we are responsible for safety and, accordingly, must implement safety procedures. If we fail to implement such procedures or if the procedures we implement are ineffective or are not followed by our employees or others, our employees and others may be injured or die. Unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase employee turnover and raise our operating costs. Any of the foregoing could result in financial losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

In addition, our operations can involve the handling and storage of hazardous chemicals, which, if improperly handled, stored or disposed of, could subject us to penalties or other liabilities. We are also subject to regulations dealing with occupational health and safety. Although we maintain functional employee groups whose primary purpose is to ensure we implement effective health, safety, and environmental work procedures throughout our organization, including construction sites and maintenance sites, the failure to comply with such regulations could subject us to liability.

22

Work stoppages and other labor relations matters could adversely affect our results of operations.

As of December 31, 2015, approximately 46% of our workforce was represented by unions, and we had 75 collective bargaining agreements in place with 17 different unions representing our unionized employees. These collective bargaining agreements are subject to periodic renewal and renegotiation. We may not be able to renegotiate labor contracts on terms that are fair to us. Any negotiations or dispute resolution processes undertaken in connection with our labor contracts could be delayed or affected by labor actions or work stoppages. Labor actions, work stoppages or the threat of work stoppages, and our failure to obtain favorable labor contract terms during renegotiations may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 

While we have developed contingency plans to be implemented as necessary if a work stoppage or strike does occur, a strike or work stoppage may have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel.

The success of our business is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel, including engineers, craft personnel, and corporate management professionals who have the required experience and expertise. From time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the expertise and in the timeframe demanded for our business needs. In certain geographic areas, for example, we may not be able to satisfy the demand for our services because of our inability to successfully hire and retain qualified personnel.

In addition, as some of our key personnel approach retirement age, we need to have appropriate succession plans in place and to successfully implement such plans. If we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Financial and Market-Related Risks

Our indebtedness could affect our business adversely and limit our ability to plan for or respond to changes in our business, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our liquidity needs.

As of December 31, 2015, our indebtedness (including preferred stock with mandatory redemption requirements) was $6.6 billion, and our working capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities) was in a deficit position. Our indebtedness could have important consequences, including:

·

limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital requirements or capital expenditures;

·

exposing us to interest rate risk with respect to the portion of our indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates;

·

limiting our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or make payments in connection with our other obligations;

·

impairing our access to the capital markets for debt and equity;

·

requiring that an increasing portion of our cash flows from operations be dedicated to the payment of the principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for future operations, dividends on our common stock or capital expenditures;

·

limiting our ability to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions; and

·

placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that have less debt.

In order to meet our capital expenditure needs, we may be required to make additional borrowings under our revolving credit facility or issue new short-term and long-term debt securities. Moreover, additional borrowings may be required to refinance outstanding indebtedness. Debt maturities and sinking fund payments in 2016, 2017 and 2018 will be $54 million, $573 million and $457 million, respectively. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to access the debt capital markets on favorable terms, if at all. Moreover, if new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks we now face could intensify, limiting our ability to refinance existing debt on favorable terms.

We will depend primarily on operations to fund our expenses and to pay the principal and interest on our outstanding debt. Therefore, our ability to pay our expenses and satisfy our debt service obligations depends on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors largely beyond our control. If we do not have sufficient cash flows to pay the principal and interest on our outstanding debt, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, reduce capital investments, sell assets, borrow additional funds or sell additional equity. In addition, if our business does not generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or if we are unable to incur indebtedness sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs, we may be unable to plan for or respond to changes in our business, which could cause our financial condition, operating results and prospects to be affected adversely.

23

Our inability to access the capital or financial markets could affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs at reasonable cost and our ability to meet long-te
rm commitments, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

In addition to cash from operations, we rely primarily on our revolving credit facility, commercial paper programs, and the capital markets to satisfy our liquidity needs. In this regard, our principal external sources of short-term liquidity are our commercial paper program and our $1.25 billion revolving credit facility. Our revolving credit facility expires in accordance with its terms in June 2020. We regularly use our commercial paper program under this revolving credit facility as a principal source of short-term borrowing due to the generally more attractive rates we generally can obtain in the commercial paper market. As of December 31, 2015, American Water Capital Corp. (“AWCC”), our wholly owned financing subsidiary, had no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility, and had $626 million of commercial paper outstanding and $82 million in outstanding letters of credit. 

Disruptions in the capital markets could limit our ability to access capital. While our credit facility lending banks have met all of their obligations, disruptions in the credit markets, changes in our credit ratings, or deterioration of the banking industry’s financial condition could discourage or prevent lenders from meeting their existing lending commitments, extending the terms of such commitments, or agreeing to new commitments. Our lenders may not meet their existing commitments and we may not be able to access the commercial paper or loan markets in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all. Furthermore, our inability to maintain, renew or replace commitments under this facility could materially increase our cost of capital and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, reduced financing alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to the liquidity needed for our business. Any significant disruption in the capital and credit markets, or financial institution failures could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the market stabilizes or until alternative financing can be arranged. Such measures could include deferring capital expenditures, reducing or suspending dividend payments, and reducing other discretionary expenditures.

Any impediments to our access to the capital markets or failure of our lenders to meet their commitments that result from financial market disruptions could expose us to increased interest expense, require us to institute cash conservation measures or otherwise adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.

American Water may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay
 upstream dividends or repay funds to American Water.

American Water is a holding company and, as such, American Water has no operations of its own. Substantially all of our consolidated assets are held by subsidiaries. American Water's ability to meet its financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on the net income and cash flows of its subsidiaries and their ability to pay upstream dividends to American Water or repay indebtedness to American Water. Prior to funding American Water, American Water’s regulated subsidiaries must comply with regulatory restrictions and financial obligations that must be satisfied, including among others, debt service and preferred and preference stock dividends, as well as applicable corporate, tax and other laws and regulations and agreements and covenants made by American Water and its subsidiaries. American Water's subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to provide American Water with funds. An inability of any of these subsidiaries to pay such dividends or repay intercompany obligations could have a material adverse impact on American Water's liquidity and its ability to pay dividends on its common stock and meet its other obligations.

We may not be able to fully utilize our U.S. and state net operating loss carryforwards.

As of December 31, 2015, we had U.S. federal and state net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards of approximately $1.1 billion and $534 million, respectively. Our federal NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in 2028, and our state NOL carryforwards began to expire in 2016 and will continue to expire until 2034. Our ability to utilize our NOL carryforwards is primarily dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient taxable income. Our management believes the federal NOL carryforwards are more likely than not to be recovered and therefore currently require no valuation allowance. At December 31, 2015, $60 million of the state NOL carryforwards have been offset by a valuation allowance because we do not believe these NOLs will more likely than not be realized in the future, and we have, in the past, been unable to utilize certain of our NOLs. The establishment or increase of a valuation allowance in the future would reduce our deferred income tax assets and our net income.

Our actual results may differ from those estimated by management in making its assessment as to our ability to use the NOL carryforwards. Moreover, changes in income tax laws, the economy and the general business environment could affect the future utilization of the NOL carryforwards. If we are unable to fully utilize our NOL carryforwards to offset taxable income generated in the future, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

24

We have recorded a significant amount of goodwill, and we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets, causing us to record impairments that may 
negatively affect our results of operations.

Our total assets include $1.3 billion of goodwill at December 31, 2015. The goodwill is primarily associated with the acquisition of American Water by an affiliate of our previous owner in 2003, the acquisition of E’Town Corporation by a predecessor to our previous owner in 2001, and the acquisition of Keystone, which was completed in July 2015. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price the purchaser paid over the fair value of the net tangible and other intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is recorded at fair value on the date of an acquisition and is reviewed annually or more frequently if changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. As required by the applicable accounting rules, we have taken significant non-cash charges to operating results for goodwill impairments in the past. 

We may be required to recognize an impairment of goodwill in the future due to market conditions or other factors related to our performance or the performance of an acquired business. These market conditions could include a decline over a period of time of our stock price, a decline over a period of time in valuation multiples of comparable water utilities, market price performance of our common stock that compares unfavorably to our peer companies, decreases in control premiums, or, with respect to Keystone, fluctuations in the level of exploration and production activities in the Marcellus and Utica shale regions served by Keystone, a prolonged depression of natural gas prices or other factors that negatively impact our forecast operating results, cash flows or key assumptions in the future. A decline in the results forecasted in our business plan due to events such as changes in rate case results, capital investment budgets or interest rates, could also result in an impairment charge. Recognition of impairments of goodwill would result in a charge to income in the period in which the impairment occurred, which may negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and total capitalization. The effects of any such impairment could be material and could make it more difficult to maintain our credit ratings, secure financing on attractive terms, maintain compliance with debt covenants and meet expectations of our regulators.

Market conditions may impact the value of benefit plan assets and liabilities, as well as assumptions related to the benefit plans, which may require us to provide significant additional funding.

The performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy significant future obligations under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. The value of these assets is subject to market fluctuations, which may cause investment returns to fall below our projected return rates. A decline in the market value of the pension and postretirement benefit plan assets can increase the funding requirements under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. Additionally, our pension and postretirement benefit plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. If interest rates decrease, our liabilities would increase, potentially increasing benefit expense and funding requirements. Further, changes in demographics, such as increases in life expectancy assumptions and increasing trends in health care costs may also increase our funding requirements. Future increases in pension and other postretirement costs as a result of reduced plan assets may not be fully recoverable in rates, in which case our results of operations and financial position could be negatively affected.

In addition, market factors can affect assumptions we use in determining funding requirements with respect to our pension and postretirement plans. For example, a relatively modest change in our assumptions regarding discount rates can materially affect our calculation of funding requirements. To the extent that market data compels us to reduce the discount rate used in our assumptions, our benefit obligations could be materially increased, which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Additional Risks Related to Our Market-Based Businesses

We (excluding our regulated subsidiaries) provide performance guarantees with respect to certain obligations of our Market-Based Businesses, including financial guarantees or deposits, to our public-sector and public clients, which may seek to enforce the guarantees if our Market-Based Businesses do not satisfy these obligations.

Under the terms of some of our agreements for the provision of services to water and wastewater facilities with municipalities, other governmental entities and other customers, American Water (excluding our regulated subsidiaries) provides guarantees of specified performance obligations of our Market-Based Businesses, including financial guarantees or deposits. In the event our Market-Based Businesses fail to perform these obligations, the entity holding the guarantees may seek to enforce the performance commitments against us or proceed against the deposit. In that event, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity could be adversely affected.

At December 31, 2015, we had remaining performance commitments as measured by remaining contract revenue totaling approximately $3.6 billion and this amount is likely to increase if our Market-Based Businesses expand. The presence of these commitments may adversely affect our financial condition and make it more difficult for us to secure financing on attractive terms.

25

American Water Enterprises’ long-term contracts with the Department of Defense may be terminated for the convenience of the U.S. Government and are subject to periodic contract price redetermination.

All of our contracts with the Department of Defense for the operation and maintenance of water and wastewater systems may be terminated, in whole or in part, prior to the end of the 50-year term for convenience of the U.S. Government or as a result of default or non-performance by the subsidiary performing the contract. In addition, the contract price for each of these military contracts is typically subject to redetermination two years after commencement of operations and every three years thereafter. Price redetermination is a contract mechanism to periodically adjust the service fee in the next period to reflect changes in contract obligations and anticipated market conditions. Any early contract termination or unfavorable price redetermination could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

American Water Enterprises operates a number of water and wastewater systems under O&M contracts and faces the risk that the owners of those systems may fail to provide capital to properly maintain those systems, which may negatively affect American Water Enterprises as the operators of the systems.

American Water Enterprises operates a number of water and wastewater systems under O&M contracts. Pursuant to these contracts, American Water Enterprises operates the system according to the standards set forth in the applicable contract, and it is generally the responsibility of the owner of the system to undertake capital improvements. In some cases, American Water Enterprises may not be able to convince the owner to make needed improvements in order to maintain compliance with applicable regulations. Although violations and fines incurred by water and wastewater systems may be the responsibility of the owner of the system under these contracts, those non-compliance events may reflect poorly on American Water Enterprises as the operator of the system and us, and damage our reputation, and in some cases, may result in liability to us to the same extent as if we were the owner. 

Our Market-Based Businesses are party to long-term contracts to operate and maintain water and wastewater systems under which we may incur costs in excess of payments received.

Some of our Market-Based Businesses enter into long-term contracts under which they agree to operate and maintain a municipality’s, federal government’s or other party’s water or wastewater treatment and delivery facilities, which includes specified major maintenance for some of those facilities, in exchange for an annual fee. These Market-Based Businesses are generally subject to the risk that costs associated with operating and maintaining the facilities, including production costs such as purchased water, electricity, fuel and chemicals used in water treatment, may exceed the fees received from the municipality or other contracting party. Losses under these contracts or guarantees may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.

Keystone’s operations may expose us to substantial costs and liabilities with respect to environmental laws and matters.

Keystone’s operations, and the operation generally of natural gas and oil exploration and production facilities by Keystone’s customers, are subject to stringent federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and ordinances governing the release of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. These provisions may require the acquisition by Keystone of permits or licenses before providing its services to customers, prohibit the release of substances defined thereunder as hazardous in connection with these activities, and impose substantial liabilities for the violation thereof that may result from these operations. Failure to comply with these laws, rules, regulations and ordinances may result in substantial environmental remediation and other costs to Keystone, the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties or the issuance of injunctions restricting or prohibiting certain activities. Under existing environmental laws and regulations, Keystone could be held strictly liable for the removal or remediation of previously released materials or property contamination regardless of whether the release resulted from its operations, or whether its operations were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time they were performed. While the Company has attempted to structure and maintain its ownership and control of Keystone’s operations in such a way as to insulate the Company, its regulated subsidiaries and its Market-Based Businesses from any liabilities associated with Keystone’s operations, including liabilities for environmental matters, there can be no assurance that such efforts will be sufficient to prevent the Company from incurring liability for the operations of Keystone.

Changes in environmental laws and regulations occur frequently, and any changes to these or other laws governing the natural gas and oil exploration industry that result in more stringent or costly water or wastewater handling, storage, transport, disposal or cleanup requirements could require Keystone to make significant expenditures to maintain compliance with such requirements, may harm Keystone’s business and results of operations by reducing the demand for Keystone’s water and related services, and may otherwise have a material adverse effect on Keystone’s competitive position, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.