Allegheny is subject to a variety of significant risks that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual
results and are often beyond its control. A number of these risks are identified below, in addition to the matters set forth under “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Allegheny’s susceptibility to certain risks could
exacerbate other risks. These risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating Allegheny’s risk profile. 

Risks Relating to the Merger with FirstEnergy 

Allegheny may be unable to obtain the approvals required to complete its
merger with FirstEnergy or, in order to do so, the combined company may be required to comply with material restrictions or conditions. 

On February 11, 2010, Allegheny announced the execution of a merger agreement with FirstEnergy. Before the merger may be completed, both Allegheny and FirstEnergy will need to obtain shareholder
approval for the proposed transaction. In addition, various filings must be made with FERC and various utility regulatory, antitrust and other authorities in the United States. These governmental authorities may impose conditions on the completion,
or require changes to the terms, of the merger, including restrictions or conditions on the business, operations, or financial performance of the combined company following completion of the merger. These conditions or changes could have the effect
of delaying completion of the merger or imposing additional costs on or limiting the revenues of the combined company following the merger, which could have a material adverse effect on the financial results of the combined company and/or cause
either Allegheny or FirstEnergy to abandon the merger. 

If Allegheny and FirstEnergy are unable to complete the merger, we
still will incur and will remain liable for significant transaction costs, including legal, accounting, financial advisory, filing, printing and other costs relating to the merger whether or not it is completed. Also, depending upon the reasons for
not completing the merger, including whether Allegheny has received or entered into a competing takeover proposal, Allegheny may be required to pay FirstEnergy a termination fee of up to $150 million and reimburse FirstEnergy for its
transaction expenses up to $45 million. Additionally, under specified circumstances in which the merger is not completed but the $150 million termination fee is not payable, Allegheny may nevertheless be required to reimburse FirstEnergy for its
transaction expenses up to $45 million. Any such payment could have a material adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. See consolidated financial statement Note 27, “Subsequent
Event – Merger Agreement.” 

If completed, Allegheny’s merger with FirstEnergy may not achieve its intended results. 

Allegheny and FirstEnergy entered into the merger agreement with the expectation that the merger would result in various
benefits, including, among other things, cost savings and operating efficiencies. Achieving the anticipated benefits of the merger is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the businesses of Allegheny and FirstEnergy are integrated
in an efficient and effective manner. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues generated by the combined company and diversion of management’s time and energy
and could have an adverse effect on the combined company’s business, financial results and prospects. 

Allegheny will be subject to
business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the merger with FirstEnergy is pending that could adversely affect Allegheny’s financial results. 

Uncertainty about the effect of the merger with FirstEnergy on employees, customers and suppliers may have an adverse effect on Allegheny. Although Allegheny intends to take steps designed to reduce any
adverse effects, these uncertainties may impair Allegheny’s ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the merger is completed and for a period of time thereafter, and could cause customers, suppliers and others that deal with
Allegheny to seek to change existing business relationships. 

43 

Table of Contents

Employee retention and recruitment may be particularly challenging prior to the completion
of the merger, as employees and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company. If, despite Allegheny’s retention and recruiting efforts, key employees depart or fail to accept employment
with us because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with the combined company, Allegheny’s financial results could be affected. 

The pursuit of the merger and the preparation for the integration of Allegheny and FirstEnergy may place a significant burden on management
and internal resources. The diversion of management attention away from day-to-day business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could affect Allegheny’s business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

In addition, the merger agreement restricts Allegheny, without FirstEnergy’s consent, from making
certain acquisitions and taking other specified actions until the merger occurs or the merger agreement terminates. These restrictions may prevent Allegheny from pursuing otherwise attractive business opportunities and making other changes to its
business prior to completion of the merger or termination of the merger agreement. 

Risks Relating to Regulation

Allegheny is subject to substantial governmental regulation. Compliance with current and future regulatory requirements and the need
to obtain necessary approvals, permits and certificates may result in substantial costs to Allegheny, and failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals could have an adverse effect on its business. 

Allegheny is subject to substantial regulation from federal, state and local regulatory agencies. Allegheny is required to comply with
numerous laws and regulations and to obtain numerous authorizations, permits, approvals and certificates from governmental agencies. These agencies regulate various aspects of Allegheny’s business, including customer rates, services, retail
service territories, generation plant operations and construction, sales of securities, asset sales and accounting policies and practices. Although Allegheny believes that the necessary authorizations, permits, approvals and certificates have been
obtained for its existing operations and that its business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws, it cannot predict the impact of any future revisions or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and
regulations applicable to it. See “Environmental Matters” and “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny.” 

Changes in regulations or the imposition of additional regulations could influence Allegheny’s operating environment and may result in substantial costs to Allegheny, which could have an adverse effect on its business, results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Allegheny’s costs to comply with environmental laws are significant. New
environmental laws and regulations, or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, could impose more stringent limitations on Allegheny’s generation operations or require it to incur significant additional costs. The cost of
compliance with present and future environmental laws could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business. 

Allegheny’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources and site remediation and may, in the
future, become subject to new and potentially more extensive environmental regulations, including but not limited to regulations intended to address climate change. Compliance with these laws and regulations may require Allegheny to expend
significant financial resources to, among other things, meet air emission and water quality standards, conduct site remediation, perform environmental monitoring, purchase emission allowances, use alternative fuels, install and operate pollution
control equipment at its generation facilities and modulate operations of its generation facilities in order to reduce emissions. If Allegheny fails to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, even if it is unable to do so due to
factors beyond its control, it

44 

Table of Contents

may be subject to civil liabilities or criminal penalties and may be required to incur significant expenditures to come into compliance. In addition, any alleged violations of environmental laws
and regulations may require Allegheny to expend significant resources defending itself against such alleged violations. Either result could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial
condition. 

Allegheny also may be subject to risks in connection with changing or conflicting interpretations of existing laws
and regulations. For example, applicable standards under the EPA’s NSR initiatives remain in flux. Under the Clean Air Act, modification of Allegheny’s generation facilities in a manner that causes increased emissions could subject
Allegheny’s existing facilities to the far more stringent NSR standards applicable to new facilities. 

The EPA has taken
the view that many companies, including many energy producers, have been modifying emissions sources in violation of NSR standards in connection with work believed by the companies to be routine maintenance. Allegheny currently is involved in
litigation concerning alleged violations of the PSD provisions of the Clean Air Act at certain of its facilities in West Virginia and violations of the Pennsylvania Air Pollution Control Act and NSR provisions of the Clean Air Act at certain of its
facilities in Pennsylvania. Allegheny intends to vigorously pursue and defend against the environmental matters described above but cannot predict their outcomes. If NSR and similar requirements are imposed on Allegheny’s generation facilities,
in addition to the possible imposition of fines, compliance would entail significant capital investments in pollution control technology, which could have an adverse impact on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and
financial condition. 

In addition, Allegheny incurs costs to obtain and comply with a variety of environmental permits,
licenses, inspections and other approvals. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approval, or if Allegheny fails to obtain, maintain or comply with any required approval, operations at affected facilities could be
halted, curtailed or subjected to additional costs, which could have an adverse impact on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. See “Environmental Matters.” 

Shifting state and federal regulatory policies impose risks on Allegheny’s operations. Compliance with emerging regulatory initiatives could require
Allegheny to incur significant costs. Delays, discontinuations or reversals of electricity market restructurings in the markets in which Allegheny operates could have an adverse effect on its business. 

Allegheny’s operations are subject to evolving regulatory policies, including initiatives regarding deregulation and re-regulation of
the production and sale of electricity, the restructuring of transmission regulation and energy efficiency and conservation. Any new requirements arising from these actions could lead to increased operating expenses and capital expenditures, the
full amount of which cannot be predicted at this time. 

Some deregulated electricity markets in which Allegheny operates have
experienced price volatility. In some of these markets, government agencies and other interested parties have made proposals to delay market restructuring or even re-regulate areas of these markets that have previously been deregulated. Although it
is possible that, in an economic downturn, price increases resulting from the transition to market rates could be smaller than previously anticipated, the heightened public and political concern over the transition to market rates could nevertheless
be exacerbated by the current deteriorating national economic climate and its potential effects on consumers. 

In
Pennsylvania, many of the state’s electric utilities, including Allegheny, are scheduled to transition to market rates in 2010 and 2011, when applicable generation rate caps expire. Significant price increases in other states following the end
of such regulatory transition periods have created a heightened political concern regarding price volatility in Pennsylvania following the expiration of its rate caps. In September 2007, a special legislative session was convened in Pennsylvania to
consider various energy proposals. During the special session, several proposed bills involving the extension of rate caps were introduced. Currently, generation rate caps for Allegheny’s Pennsylvania customers expire at the end of 2010. While
the Pennsylvania General

45 

Table of Contents

Assembly adopted legislation in October 2008 that includes a number of conservation and demand-side management measures and procurement procedures, it does not address rate mitigation or the
transition to market rates. However, there can be no assurance that the Pennsylvania legislature will not adopt such measures in the future. See “Regulatory Matters.” 

Other proposals to re-regulate the industry may be made, and legislative or other action affecting the electric power restructuring process
may cause the process to be delayed, discontinued or reversed in the states in which Allegheny operates. Delays, discontinuations or reversals of electricity market restructurings in the markets in which Allegheny operates could have an adverse
effect on its business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. At a minimum, these types of actions raise uncertainty concerning the continued development of competitive power markets. Given Allegheny’s multi-state
operations and asset base, re-regulation of restructured obligations could prove intricate, time-consuming and costly to ongoing operations. 

In addition, as a result of FERC’s efforts to implement a long-term rate design for the Midwest and mid-Atlantic regions, the Distribution Companies may not fully recover their transmission costs and
may have costs shifted to them from other transmission owners. Due to capped rates and the timing of state rate cases, the Distribution Companies may not be able to pass through increased transmission costs to these retail customers for some period
of time. See “Regulatory Matters.” 

Furthermore, some of the states in which Allegheny operates have enacted or are
considering various energy efficiency and conservation programs, which could prove costly for Allegheny. In 2008, for example, Pennsylvania adopted Act 129, which includes a number of provisions relating to conservation, demand-side management and
power procurement processes. Maryland has adopted some similar measures as part of its EmPOWER Maryland initiative. Among other things, Act 129 requires the implementation of smart meter technology, in connection with which Allegheny expects to
incur substantial costs. Although Act 129 includes cost recovery provisions, any delay in or denial of cost recovery could adversely affect Allegheny. Additionally, failure to comply with Act 129 could result in significant penalties. See
“Regulatory Matters.” 

State rate regulation may delay or deny full recovery of costs and impose risks on Allegheny’s
operations. Any denial of, or delay in, cost recovery could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business. 

The
retail rates in the states in which Allegheny operates are set by each state’s regulatory body. As a result, in certain states, Allegheny may not be able to recover increased, unexpected or necessary costs and, even if Allegheny is able to do
so, there may be a significant delay between the time Allegheny incurs such costs and the time Allegheny is allowed to recover them. Any denial of, or delay in, cost recovery could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s results of operations,
cash flows and financial condition. See “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny.” 

Allegheny could be subject to significant
penalties if it violates mandatory NERC reliability standards. 

The Energy Policy Act amended the FPA to, among other
matters, provide for mandatory reliability standards designed to assure the reliable operation of the bulk power system. NERC established, and the FERC approved, reliability standards that impose certain operating, record-keeping and reporting
requirements on the Distribution Companies, TrAIL Company, PATH, LLC, AE Supply and AGC. NERC delegated the day-to-day implementation and enforcement of these standards to eight regional oversight entities, including ReliabilityFirst, of which
Allegheny is a member. 

Allegheny has been, and will continue to be, subject to routine audits with respect to its compliance
with applicable reliability standards and has settled certain related issues. In addition, ReliabilityFirst is currently conducting several violation investigations that have been self-reported by Allegheny. The results of these proceedings and
investigations have not had, and are not expected to have, any material impact on Allegheny’s operations or the results thereof. It is possible, however, that any violation of these mandatory standards could subject Allegheny to civil fines
imposed by FERC for up to $1.0 million per day, per violation, which could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. See “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny.” 

46 

Table of Contents

The TrAIL Project and the PATH Project are subject to permitting and state regulatory approvals, and the
failure to obtain any of these permits or approvals could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business. 

The
construction of both the TrAIL Project and the PATH Project are subject to the prior approval of various regulatory bodies. TrAIL Company has obtained the state siting approvals (subject to a pending appeal in Pennsylvania) necessary to construct
TrAIL and is continuing to pursue necessary permits. Allegheny met with substantial political opposition, as well as opposition from environmental, community and other groups, in obtaining siting approval for TrAIL and is likely to encounter similar
opposition with regard to the PATH Project. There can be no assurance that Allegheny will be able to obtain the regulatory approvals required in connection with these projects, particularly the siting approvals required to construct PATH, on a
timely basis or at all. The inability to obtain any required state approval or other regulatory approval as a result of such opposition or otherwise, may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and
financial condition. See “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny.” 

The pending sale of Potomac Edison’s Virginia
distribution assets is subject to the approval of the Virginia SCC, the denial of which could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s financial condition. 

The pending sale of Potomac Edison’s distribution business in Virginia is subject to regulatory approval, which the Virginia SCC may not grant. On May 4, 2009, Potomac Edison signed definitive
agreements to sell its electric distribution operations in Virginia to Rappahannock Electric Cooperative and Shenandoah Valley Electric Cooperative for cash proceeds of approximately $340 million, subject to state and federal regulatory approval,
certain third-party consents and applicable price adjustments. On September 15, 2009, Potomac Edison and the Cooperatives filed with the Virginia SCC a joint request for approval of the transaction. The Virginia SCC issued a procedural order
scheduling an evidentiary hearing on the matter for March 2, 2010. On January 29, 2010, consultants retained by the Staff of the Virginia SCC filed testimony analyzing the transaction, asserting that current Virginia customers of Potomac
Edison would pay $370 million more in rates over nine years if the Cooperatives take over service to those customers. Potomac Edison and the Cooperatives filed
 rebuttal testimony on February 12, 2010. Any failure to consummate the
proposed sale, whether as a result of actions by the Virginia SCC or otherwise, may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. See “Regulatory Framework Affecting
Allegheny.” 

Allegheny is from time to time subject to federal or state tax audits the resolution of which could have an adverse
effect on Allegheny’s financial condition. 

Allegheny is subject to periodic audits and examinations by the Internal
Revenue Service (“IRS”) and other state and local taxing authorities. Determinations and expenses related to these audits and examinations and other proceedings by the IRS and other state and local taxing authorities could
materially and adversely affect Allegheny’s financial condition. 

Risks Relating to Allegheny’s Operations 

Decreasing demand for electric power, as well as for certain commodities underlying the production of electric power and the related
decline in market prices for power are adversely affecting Allegheny’s business. 

During 2009, customer demand for
electric power in Allegheny’s region fell significantly as a result of the ongoing economic recession and mild summer weather, among other factors. Overall demand for some of the commodities that underlie the production of electricity, and as a
result the prevailing prices for those commodities, have also declined. Although power prices may be influenced by many factors, weakening demand for electricity, together with significantly lower commodity prices, have contributed to sharp declines
in market prices for power over the past 12 to 15 months. Partly as a consequence of these declines, AE Supply generated significantly less power in 2009 than in 2008. 

47 

Table of Contents

Allegheny can make no assurances regarding the impact of any economic recovery on demand and
market prices for power. Improvements in demand and market prices for power, if any, may lag any future improvements in overall economic conditions, and it is also possible that the current economic climate could result in long-term reduction of
demand for power in our region, particularly among large industrial consumers. It is also possible that changes in customer behavior, as a result of conservation programs such as EmPOWER Maryland and Pennsylvania’s Act 129 or otherwise, could
result in long-term reductions in demand for power. 

Allegheny’s coal inventories have, at times, exceeded desirable levels as a
result of recent decreases in our power production resulting from declines in demand and market prices for power. 

AE
Supply and Monongahela have various longer term coal supply contracts in place that are intended to partially mitigate our exposure to negative fluctuations in coal prices. In some cases, these contracts may require that AE Supply or Monongahela
purchase a minimum volume of coal over a given time period. However, as a result of falling demand and market prices for power, Allegheny experienced declines in 2009 in the frequency with which its coal burning power plants operated. As a result,
Allegheny’s coal consumption decreased significantly. Although Allegheny has been able to defer or cancel deliveries under certain contracts, it has at times been required to purchase coal in excess of immediate needs, resulting in coal
inventories at some of its facilities that exceed what it considers to be optimal levels, which could have an adverse impact on its business. As coal inventories reach levels in excess of optimal levels, Allegheny may be unable to accept future
deliveries at one or more of its facilities and may need to pursue alternative arrangements, including third party sales of inventory at levels below its cost, arrangements for third-party storage of a portion of its coal inventory, and
modifications to its existing coal supply agreements. 

Allegheny’s generation facilities are subject to unplanned outages and
significant maintenance requirements. 

The operation of power generation facilities involves certain risks, including the
risk of breakdown or failure of equipment, fuel interruption and performance below expected levels of output or efficiency. If Allegheny’s facilities, or the facilities of other parties upon which it depends, operate below expectations,
Allegheny may lose revenues, have increased expenses or fail to receive or deliver the amount of power for which it has contracted. 

Allegheny’s supercritical generation facilities were originally constructed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, and many of its other generation facilities were constructed prior to that time. Older equipment, even if maintained in
accordance with good engineering practices, may require significant maintenance and capital expenditures to operate at peak efficiency or availability. If Allegheny underestimates required maintenance expenditures or is unable to make required
capital expenditures due to liquidity constraints, it risks incurring more frequent unplanned outages, higher than anticipated maintenance expenditures, increased operation at higher cost of some of its less efficient generation facilities and the
need to purchase power from third parties to meet its supply obligations, possibly at times when the market price for power is high, all of which may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and
financial condition. 

Allegheny’s operating results are subject to seasonal and weather fluctuations and other factors that affect
customer demand. 

The sale of power generation output is generally a seasonal business, and weather patterns can have a
material impact on Allegheny’s operating results. Demand for electricity in Allegheny’s service territory peaks during the summer and winter months. During periods of peak demand, the capacity of Allegheny’s generation facilities may
be inadequate to meet its contractual obligations, which could require it to purchase power at a time when the market price for power is high. In addition, although the operational costs associated with the Regulated Operations segment are not
weather-sensitive, the segment’s revenues are subject to seasonal fluctuation. Accordingly, Allegheny’s annual results and liquidity position may depend disproportionately on its performance during the winter and summer. 

48 

Table of Contents

Extreme weather or events outside of Allegheny’s service territory can also have a
direct effect on the commodity markets. Events, such as hurricanes, that disrupt the supply of commodities used as fuel impact the price and availability of energy commodities and can have an adverse impact on Allegheny’s business, results of
operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Allegheny’s results also may be negatively impacted as a result of other
circumstances that affect customer demand for power. For example, it is possible that the current economic downturn, as well as conservation efforts such as the EmPOWER Maryland program and Pennsylvania’s Act 129, have and will continue to
contribute to changes in customer behavior, which may result in a significant reduction in demand, particularly among commercial and industrial customers, which could, in turn, have an adverse impact on Allegheny’s business, results of
operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Changes in weather patterns as a result of global warming could have an adverse effect on
Allegheny’s business. 

Allegheny also could be impacted to the extent that global warming trends affect established
weather patterns or exacerbate extreme weather or weather fluctuations. Although Allegheny’s physical assets are located in a region in which they are unlikely to experience detrimental physical damage from the rising sea levels that have been
modeled in various analyses that attempt to predict the effects of global warming, other weather-related effects that could be associated with global warming, such as an increase in the frequency and/or severity of storms or other significant
climate changes within or outside of Allegheny’s service territory, may have an adverse impact on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Allegheny’s assets are subject to other risks beyond its control, including, but not limited to, accidents, storms, natural catastrophes and
terrorism. 

Much of the value of Allegheny’s business consists of its portfolio of power generation and T&D
assets. Allegheny’s ability to conduct its operations depends on the integrity of these assets. The cost of repairing damage to its facilities due to storms, natural disasters, wars, terrorist acts and other catastrophic events may exceed
available insurance, if any, for repairs, which may adversely impact Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Although Allegheny has taken, and will continue to take, reasonable precautions to safeguard
these assets, Allegheny can make no assurance that its facilities will not face damage or disruptions or that it will have sufficient insurance, if any, to cover the cost of repairs. In addition, in the current geopolitical climate, enhanced concern
regarding the risks of terrorism throughout the economy may impact Allegheny’s operations in unpredictable ways. Insurance coverage may not cover costs associated with any of these risks adequately or at all. While some losses may be
recoverable through regulatory proceedings, the delay and uncertainty of any such recovery may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

The supply and price of fuel may impact Allegheny’s financial results. 

Allegheny is dependent on coal for much of its electric generation capacity. Allegheny has coal supply contracts in place that partially
mitigate its exposure to negative fluctuations in coal prices. However, Allegheny can provide no assurance that the counterparties to these agreements will fulfill their obligations to supply coal. The suppliers under these agreements may, as a
general matter, experience financial, legal or technical problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations. Among other circumstances, the prevailing constrained credit markets and overall negative economic conditions may affect the
ability of Allegheny’s suppliers to access the capital markets and maintain adequate liquidity to sustain their respective businesses. Additionally, to the extent that any of Allegheny’s coal suppliers seek bankruptcy protection, they may,
in the current climate, be unable to obtain the financing necessary to continue their operations in bankruptcy and reorganize and, thus, may be forced to liquidate. Various industry and operational factors, including increased costs, transportation
constraints, safety issues and operational difficulties may have negative effects on coal supplier performance. During periods of rising coal prices, the factors impacting supplier performance could have a more pronounced financial impact.

49 

Table of Contents

Furthermore, the suppliers under these agreements may not be required to supply coal to Allegheny under certain circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. If Allegheny is unable
to obtain its coal requirements under these contracts, it may be required to purchase coal at higher prices. In addition, although these agreements generally contain specified prices, they also may provide for price adjustments related to changes in
specified cost indices, as well as specific events, such as changes in regulations affecting the coal industry. Finally, it is possible that, in the future, market prices for coal could fall below the prices at which we have agreed to purchase coal
under our long-term contracts. Changes in the supply and price of coal may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Additionally, Allegheny is subject to other fuel-related costs, which may fluctuate. For example, Allegheny has experienced, and may
continue to experience, increases in its fuel handling and transportation costs and its costs to procure lime, urea and other materials necessary to the operation of its pollution controls. Significant increases in these and other fuel related costs
could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

The supply and price
of emissions credits may impact Allegheny’s financial results. 

Allegheny’s SO
2

 and NO
x

 allowance needs, to a large extent, are affected at any given time by the amount of output produced and the types of fuel
used by its generation facilities, as well as the implementation of environmental controls. Fluctuations in the availability or cost of these emission allowances could have a material adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, financial condition,
cash flows and results of operations. It is also possible that any climate change legislation will incorporate a cap and trade scheme involving CO
2

 emission allowances. In that case, the cost and availability of CO
2

 emission allowances could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, financial condition, cash
flows and results of operations. See “Environmental Matters.” 

Allegheny is currently involved in capital intensive projects that
may involve various implementation and financial risks. 

Allegheny currently is involved in a number of capital intensive
projects, including the TrAIL Project, the PATH Project and the implementation of smart meter and other information technology necessary to comply with Pennsylvania’s recently-enacted Act 129. Allegheny’s ability to successfully complete
these projects in a timely manner, within established budgets and without significant operational disruptions is contingent upon many variables, many of which are outside of its control. Failure to complete these projects as planned may have an
adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Additionally,
Allegheny has contracted with specialized vendors in connection with these projects, and may in the future enter into additional such contracts with respect to these and other capital projects. As such, Allegheny is exposed to the risk that these
contractors may not perform as required under their contracts. Such a failure could occur for any number of reasons. Among other things, it is possible that the prevailing constrained credit markets and overall negative economic conditions may
affect the ability of Allegheny’s contractors, subcontractors, suppliers and vendors to access the capital markets and maintain adequate liquidity to sustain their respective businesses. Should this occur, Allegheny may be forced to find
alternate arrangements, which may cause delay and/or increased costs. Allegheny can provide no assurance that it would be able to make such alternate arrangements on terms acceptable to it or at all. Any inability to make such alternate arrangements
or any substantial delays or increases in costs associated therewith may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. For additional information regarding Act 129, see
“Regulatory Matters.” 

Changes in PJM market policies and rules or in PJM participants may impact Allegheny’s financial
results. 

Because Allegheny has transferred functional control of its transmission facilities to PJM, is a load serving
entity within the PJM Region and owns generation within the PJM Region, changes in PJM policies and/or market rules, including changes that are currently under consideration by FERC, could adversely affect

50 

Table of Contents

Allegheny’s financial results. These matters include changes involving: the terms, conditions and pricing of transmission services; construction of transmission enhancements; auction of
long-term financial transmission rights and the allocation mechanism for the auction revenues; the RPM; the locational marginal pricing mechanism; transmission congestion patterns due to the proposed implementation of PJM’s regional
transmission expansion planning protocol or other required transmission system upgrades; new generation retirement rules and reliability pricing issues. Furthermore, changes in PJM’s credit and collateral requirements, deterioration in the
credit quality of other PJM members, socialization of member defaults, the withdrawal from, or addition to, PJM of other transmission owners, may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.

The terms of AE Supply’s power sale agreements with West Penn could require AE Supply to sell power below its costs or prevailing
market prices or require West Penn to purchase power at a price above which it can sell power. 

In connection with
regulations governing the transition to market competition, West Penn is required to provide electricity at capped rates to certain retail customers who do not choose an alternate electricity generation supplier or who return to utility service from
alternate suppliers through the end of 2010. West Penn satisfies these obligations by purchasing power under a contract with AE Supply. At times, AE Supply may not earn as much as it otherwise could by selling power priced at its contract rates to
West Penn instead of into competitive wholesale markets. In addition, AE Supply’s obligations under the agreement could exceed its available generation capacity, which may require AE Supply to buy power at prices that are higher than the sale
prices in the power supply agreements. Conversely, West Penn’s capped rates may be below current wholesale market prices through the applicable transition periods. As a consequence, West Penn may at times pay more for power than it can charge
retail customers and may be unable to pass the excess costs on to its retail customers. Changes in customer switching behavior could also alter both AE Supply’s and the utilities’ obligations under these agreements. 

Allegheny is exposed to price volatility as a result of its participation in wholesale energy markets. 

AE Supply buys and sells electricity in wholesale markets, which exposes Allegheny to the risks of rising and falling prices in those
markets. Among the factors that can influence such prices are: 

•

 the balance of supply and demand for electricity, which may be influenced by any number of factors, including but not limited to prevailing weather and
economic conditions; 

•

 fuel costs, the cost of emissions allowances and other production costs; 

•

 transmission constraints; 

•

 changes in PJM rules and other changes in the regulatory framework for wholesale power markets; and 

•

 market liquidity and the credit worthiness of market participants. 

As a result of these and other factors, wholesale market prices for electricity may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of
time and can be unpredictable, and may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Allegheny’s use of derivative instruments for hedging purposes may result in financial losses. 

Allegheny
uses derivative instruments, such as futures, swaps, forwards and financial transmission rights, to manage its commodity and financial market risks. Allegheny could recognize losses on these contracts as a result of volatility in the market values
of the underlying commodities or to the extent that a counterparty fails to perform. In the absence of actively-quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these instruments involves management’s
judgment or use of estimates. Furthermore, changes in the value of derivatives designated under hedge accounting to the extent not fully offset by changes in the value of the hedged transaction can result in ineffectiveness losses that may have an
adverse effect on Allegheny’s results of operations. 

51 

Table of Contents

Recently, members of Congress and various federal regulatory agencies, including the SEC,
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the U.S. Treasury Department, have put forth proposals regarding the potential for more stringent regulation of the over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives markets. If ultimately adopted, such
regulations could include requirements for greater standardization and more centralized trading of these instruments. Some have proposed that OTC derivatives trading take place on organized exchanges. Depending upon its specific terms, it is
possible that any new legislation or regulation in this regard could significantly increase Allegheny’s costs with respect to, or otherwise constrain its ability to effectively use, these instruments to manage financial risks, which could have
an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Changes in prevailing market
conditions or in Allegheny’s access to commodities markets may make it difficult for Allegheny to hedge its physical power supply commitments and resource requirements. 

In the past, unfavorable market conditions, coupled with Allegheny’s credit position, at times made it difficult for Allegheny to hedge
its power supply obligations and fuel requirements. Although substantial improvements have been made in Allegheny’s credit position over the past few years, significant unanticipated changes in commodity market liquidity and/or Allegheny’s
access to the commodity markets, including as a result of any decline in Allegheny’s credit ratings (including ratings for AE, AE Supply or Monongahela), could adversely impact Allegheny’s ability to hedge its portfolio of physical
generation assets and load obligations. In the absence of effective hedges for these purposes, Allegheny must balance its portfolio in the spot markets, which are volatile and can yield different results than expected. Furthermore, if
Allegheny’s credit ratings were to decline, it would likely be required to deposit additional cash or cash-equivalent collateral with its hedging counterparties, which could have a negative impact on Allegheny’s liquidity and commodity
trading activities. 

As widely reported, the financial markets and overall economies in the United States and abroad are
currently undergoing a period of significant uncertainty and volatility. These conditions can adversely impact the liquidity of the commodity markets in which Allegheny may wish to transact and may negatively affect the ability of Allegheny’s
counterparties to honor their commitments. This, in turn, could inhibit Allegheny’s ability to transact in the desired timeframe or at a satisfactory price, which could increase Allegheny’s exposure to commodity price fluctuations and may
have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial conditions. 

Allegheny’s policies
and procedures cannot eliminate all risk involved in its energy commodity activities. 

Allegheny may not always hedge the
entire exposure of its operations to commodity price volatility. Furthermore, Allegheny’s risk management, wholesale marketing, fuel procurements and energy trading activities, including its decisions to enter into power sales or purchase
agreements, rely on models that depend on the judgments and assumptions regarding factors such as generation facility availability, future market prices, weather and the demand for electricity and other energy-related commodities. Many of these
models are developed utilizing statistical relationships between numerous interrelated factors. Such relationships can change significantly in an unpredictable manner, especially during periods of significant volatility. Even when Allegheny’s
policies and procedures are followed and decisions are made based on these models, Allegheny’s policies and procedures cannot eliminate all risk involved in its energy commodity activities. Allegheny’s financial position and results of
operations may be adversely affected if the judgments and assumptions underlying its models prove to be inaccurate or commodity prices otherwise fluctuate in ways that Allegheny does not anticipate. 

Failure to retain and attract key executive officers and other skilled professionals and technical employees could have an adverse effect on
Allegheny’s operations. 

Allegheny’s business is dependent on its ability to recruit, retain and motivate
employees. Competition for skilled employees in some areas is high. At the same time, Allegheny has an aging workforce. The inability to

52 

Table of Contents

attract new employees, whether to appropriately replace retiring and other departing employees or otherwise, and to retain and motivate existing employees may have an adverse effect on
Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Allegheny is currently involved in significant
litigation that, if not decided favorably to Allegheny, could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Allegheny is currently involved in a number of lawsuits, some of which may be significant. Allegheny intends to vigorously pursue these matters, but the results of these lawsuits cannot be determined.
Adverse outcomes in these lawsuits could require Allegheny to make significant expenditures and may have an adverse effect on its financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. See “Environmental Matters” and “Legal
Proceedings.” 

The Distribution Companies and other AE subsidiaries are and may become subject to legal claims arising from the
presence of asbestos or other regulated substances at some of their facilities. 

The Distribution Companies have been
named as defendants in pending asbestos litigation involving multiple plaintiffs and multiple defendants. In addition, asbestos and other regulated substances are, and may continue to be, present at Allegheny-owned facilities where suitable
alternative materials are not available. Allegheny’s management believes that any remaining asbestos at Allegheny-owned facilities is contained. The continued presence of asbestos and other regulated substances at Allegheny-owned facilities,
however, could result in additional actions being brought against Allegheny. See “Legal Proceedings” and consolidated financial statement Note 19, “Asset Retirement Obligations (“ARO”).” 

Adverse investment returns and other factors may increase Allegheny’s pension liability and pension funding requirements. 

Substantially all of Allegheny’s employees are covered by a defined benefit pension plan. At present, the pension plan is underfunded
in that the projected pension benefit obligation exceeds the aggregate fair value of plan assets. Recent results in the capital markets have increased the level of underfunding in the pension plan. Under applicable law, Allegheny is required to make
cash contributions to the extent necessary to comply with minimum funding requirements imposed by regulatory requirements. The amount of and timing of such required cash contribution(s) is based on an actuarial valuation of the plan. The funded
status of the plan can be affected by investment returns on plan assets, discount rates, mortality rates of plan participants, pension reform legislation and a number of other factors. There can be no assurance that the value of Allegheny’s
pension plan assets will be sufficient to cover future liabilities. Although Allegheny has made significant contributions to its pension plan in recent years, it is possible that Allegheny could incur a significant pension liability adjustment, or
could be required to make significant additional cash contributions to its plan, which would reduce the cash available for business and other needs. 

Energy companies are subject to adverse publicity, which may make Allegheny vulnerable to negative regulatory and litigation outcomes. 

The energy sector has been the subject of negative publicity, most recently in the context of the dialogue regarding climate change. Allegheny has come under some scrutiny in this regard, and also has
faced public opposition in connection with its transmission expansion initiatives, as well as certain of its demand-side conservation efforts and ordinary utility rate increases. Negative publicity of this nature may make legislators, regulators and
courts less likely to take a favorable view of energy companies in general and/or Allegheny, specifically, which could cause them to make decisions or take actions that are adverse to Allegheny. 

53 

Table of Contents

Risks Related to Allegheny’s Leverage and Financing Needs 

Allegheny is dependent on its ability to successfully access capital markets. Any inability to access capital may adversely affect Allegheny’s
business. 

Allegheny relies on access to the capital markets as a source of liquidity and to satisfy any of its capital
requirements that are not met by the cash flow from its operations. Capital market disruptions, decreases in market liquidity or the availability of credit, a downgrade in Allegheny’s credit ratings or other negative developments affecting
Allegheny’s access to capital markets, could increase Allegheny’s cost of borrowing or could adversely affect its ability to access one or more financial markets. Causes of disruption to the capital markets could include, but are not
limited to: 

•

 a recession, including the current recession, or other economic slowdown; 

•

 the bankruptcy of one or more energy companies or highly-leveraged companies; 

•

 significant increases in the prices for oil or other fuel; 

•

 a terrorist attack or threatened attacks; 

•

 a significant transmission failure; or 

•

 changes in technology. 

As widely reported, the financial markets and overall economies in the United States and abroad are currently undergoing a period of significant uncertainty and volatility. As a result, Allegheny’s
management has placed increased emphasis on monitoring the risks associated with the current environment. At this point in time, there has not been a materially negative impact on Allegheny’s liquidity. However, there can be no assurance that
the cost or availability of future borrowings or other financings, if any, will not be impacted by the ongoing or future capital market disruptions. 

AE’s and AE Supply’s revolving credit facilities currently are well-diversified, including more than 20 lenders at December 31, 2009. Additionally, TrAIL Company and Monongahela recently
entered into separate revolving credit facilities, both of which also include a diverse group of lenders. Allegheny currently anticipates that these lenders will participate in future requests for funding. However, there can be no assurance that
further deterioration in the credit markets and overall economy will not affect the ability of Allegheny’s lenders to meet their funding commitments. Additionally, Allegheny’s lenders have the ability to transfer their commitments to other
institutions, and the risk that committed funds may not be available under distressed market conditions could be exacerbated to the extent that consolidation of the commitments under Allegheny’s facilities or among its lenders occurs.

Allegheny’s leverage could adversely affect its ability to operate successfully and meet contractual obligations. 

Allegheny has substantial leverage. At December 31, 2009, Allegheny had approximately $4.56 billion of debt on a consolidated basis.
Approximately $1.85 billion represented debt of AE Supply and AGC, $455 million represented debt of TrAIL Company, and the remainder constituted debt of one or more of the Distribution Companies or their subsidiaries. 

Allegheny’s leverage could have important consequences to it. For example, it could: 

•

 require Allegheny to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow to payments on its debt, thereby reducing the availability of its cash flow for
working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; 

•

 limit Allegheny’s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business, regulatory environment and the industry in which it
operates; 

54 

Table of Contents

•

 place Allegheny at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors that have less leverage; 

•

 limit Allegheny’s ability to borrow additional funds; and 

•

 increase Allegheny’s vulnerability to general adverse economic, regulatory and industry conditions. 

Covenants contained in certain of Allegheny’s financing agreements restrict its operating, financing and investing activities. 

Allegheny’s principal financing agreements contain restrictive covenants that limit its ability to, among other things: 

•

 borrow funds; 

•

 incur liens and guarantee debt; 

•

 enter into a merger or other change of control transaction (other than the proposed merger with First Energy, for which Allegheny has obtained the
requisite consent of the relevant lenders); 

•

 make investments; 

•

 dispose of assets; and 

•

 pay dividends and other distributions on its equity securities. 

These agreements may limit Allegheny’s ability to implement strategic decisions, including its ability to access capital markets or
sell assets without using the proceeds to reduce debt. In addition, Allegheny is required to meet certain financial tests under some of its loan agreements, including interest coverage ratios and leverage ratios. Allegheny’s failure to comply
with the covenants contained in its financing agreements could result in an event of default, which may have an adverse effect on its financial condition. 

A downgrade or negative outlook in Allegheny’s credit ratings could increase its financing costs and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships. 

Allegheny cannot be assured that any of its current credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will
not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a credit rating agency if, in the agency’s judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. Among other reasons, Allegheny’s credit ratings may change as a result of the differing methodologies used
by various rating agencies or as a result of changes to those methodologies. Any downgrade or negative outlook in Allegheny’s credit ratings may increase its financing costs and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships. Among
other things, if Allegheny’s credit ratings were to decline, it would likely be required to deposit additional cash or cash-equivalent collateral with its hedging counterparties, which would have a negative impact on Allegheny’s liquidity.
Thus, a downgrade or negative outlook in Allegheny’s credit ratings may have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

AE has no income or cash flow apart from dividends paid or other obligations due it from its subsidiaries. 

AE is a holding company and has no operations of its own. As a result, its ability to meet its financial obligations associated with its indebtedness and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily
dependent upon the earnings and cash flow of its operating subsidiaries and their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to, or repay loans from, AE. AE’s subsidiaries are distinct entities that have no obligations to make
dividends or other distributions to AE, and their ability to do so is contingent upon their respective earnings and a number of other business considerations, including in some circumstances regulatory constraints.