Allegheny is subject to a variety of significant risks that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and
are often beyond its control. A number of these risks are identified below, in addition to the matters set forth under “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Allegheny’s susceptibility to certain risks could exacerbate
other risks. These risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating Allegheny’s risk profile. 

Risks Relating to Regulation

Allegheny is subject to substantial governmental regulation. Compliance with current and future regulatory requirements and procurement of
necessary approvals, permits and certificates may result in substantial costs to Allegheny, and failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals could have an adverse effect on its business. 

Allegheny is subject to substantial regulation from federal, state and local regulatory agencies. Allegheny is required to comply with numerous laws and
regulations and to obtain numerous authorizations, permits, approvals and certificates from governmental agencies. These agencies regulate various aspects of Allegheny’s business, including customer rates, services, retail service territories,
generation plant operations, sales of securities, asset sales and accounting policies and practices. Although Allegheny believes that the necessary authorizations, permits, approvals and certificates have been obtained for its existing operations
and that its business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws, it cannot predict the impact of any future revisions or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations applicable to it.
See “Environmental Matters” and “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny.” 

Changes in regulations or the
imposition of additional regulations could influence Allegheny’s operating environment and may result in substantial costs to Allegheny, which could have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, cash flows and financial
condition. 

Allegheny’s costs to comply with environmental laws are significant. New environmental laws and regulations, or new interpretations of
existing laws and regulations, could impose more stringent limitations on Allegheny’s generation operations or require it to incur significant additional costs. The cost of compliance with present and future environmental laws could have an
adverse effect on Allegheny’s business. 

Allegheny’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local
environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources and site remediation and may, in the future, become subject to new and potentially more extensive environmental regulations,
including but not limited to regulations intended to address climate change. Compliance with these laws and regulations may require Allegheny to expend significant financial resources to, among other things, meet air emission and water quality
standards, conduct site remediation, perform environmental monitoring, purchase emission allowances, use alternative fuels, install and operate pollution control equipment at its generation facilities and modulate operations of its generation
facilities in order to reduce emissions. If Allegheny fails to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, even if it is unable to do so due to factors beyond its control, it may be subject to civil liabilities or criminal penalties
and may be required to incur significant expenditures to come into compliance. In addition, any alleged violations of environmental laws and regulations may require Allegheny to expend significant resources defending itself against such alleged
violations. Either result could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Allegheny also may be subject to risks in connection with changing or conflicting interpretations of existing laws and regulations. For example, applicable standards under the EPA’s NSR initiatives remain in flux. Under the Clean Air
Act, modification of Allegheny’s generation facilities in a manner that causes increased emissions could subject Allegheny’s existing facilities to the far more stringent NSR standards applicable to new facilities. 

39 

Table of Contents

The EPA has taken the view that many companies, including many energy producers, have been modifying emissions sources in violation of NSR standards in
connection with work believed by the companies to be routine maintenance. Allegheny currently is involved in litigation concerning alleged violations of the PSD provisions of the Clean Air Act at certain of its facilities in West Virginia and
violations of the Pennsylvania Air Pollution Control Act and NSR provisions of the Clean Air Act at certain of its facilities in Pennsylvania. Allegheny intends to vigorously pursue and defend against the environmental matters described above but
cannot predict their outcomes. If NSR and similar requirements are imposed on Allegheny’s generation facilities, in addition to the possible imposition of fines, compliance would entail significant capital investments in pollution control
technology, which could have an adverse impact on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

In
addition, Allegheny incurs costs to obtain and comply with a variety of environmental permits, licenses, inspections and other approvals. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approval, or if Allegheny fails to
obtain, maintain or comply with any required approval, operations at affected facilities could be halted, curtailed or subjected to additional costs, which could have an adverse impact on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows
and financial condition. See “Environmental Matters.” 

Shifting state and federal regulatory policies impose risks on Allegheny’s
operations. Delays, discontinuations or reversals of electricity market restructurings in the markets in which Allegheny operates could have an adverse effect on its business. 

Allegheny’s operations are subject to evolving regulatory policies, including initiatives regarding deregulation and re-regulation of the production
and sale of electricity and the restructuring of transmission regulation. Any new requirements arising from these actions could lead to increased operating expenses and capital expenditures, the amount of which cannot be predicted at this time.

Some deregulated electricity markets in which Allegheny operates have experienced price volatility. In some of these markets, government
agencies and other interested parties have made proposals to delay market restructuring or even re-regulate areas of these markets that have previously been deregulated. Although it is possible that, in an economic downturn, price increases
resulting from the transition to market rates could be smaller than previously anticipated, the heightened public and political concern over the transition to market rates could nevertheless be exacerbated by the current deteriorating national
economic climate and its potential effects on consumers. 

In Pennsylvania, many of the state’s electric utilities, including
Allegheny, are scheduled to transition to market rates in 2010 and 2011, when applicable generation rate caps expire. Significant price increases in other states following the end of such regulatory transition periods have created a heightened
political concern regarding price volatility in Pennsylvania following the expiration of its rate caps. In September 2007, a special legislative session was convened in Pennsylvania to consider various energy proposals. During the special session,
several proposed bills involving the extension of rate caps were introduced. Currently, generation rate caps for Allegheny’s Pennsylvania customers expire at the end of 2010. While the Pennsylvania General Assembly adopted legislation in
October 2008 that includes a number of conservation and demand-side management measures and procurement procedures, it does not address rate mitigation or the transition to market rates. However, there can be no assurance that the Pennsylvania
legislature will not adopt such measures in the future. See “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny—State Rate Regulation.” 

Other proposals to re-regulate the industry may be made, and legislative or other action affecting the electric power restructuring process may cause the process to be delayed, discontinued or reversed in the states in which Allegheny
operates. Delays, discontinuations or reversals of electricity market restructurings in the markets in which Allegheny operates could have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. At a minimum,
these types of actions raise uncertainty concerning the continued development of competitive power markets. Given Allegheny’s multi-state operations and asset base, re-regulation of restructured obligations could prove intricate, time-consuming
and costly to ongoing operations. 

40 

Table of Contents

In addition, as a result of FERC’s efforts to implement a long-term rate design for the Midwest and
Mid-Atlantic regions, the Distribution Companies may not fully recover their transmission costs and may have costs shifted to them from other transmission owners. Due to capped rates and the timing of state rate cases, the Distribution Companies may
not be able to pass through increased transmission costs to these retail customers for some period of time. See “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny—Federal Regulation and Rate Matters.” 

State rate regulation may delay or deny full recovery of costs and impose risks on Allegheny’s operations. Any denial of, or delay in, cost recovery could have
an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business. 

The retail rates in the states in which Allegheny operates are set by each
state’s regulatory body. As a result, in certain states, Allegheny may not be able to recover increased, unexpected or necessary costs and, even if Allegheny is able to do so, there may be a significant delay between the time Allegheny incurs
such costs and the time Allegheny is allowed to recover them. Any denial of, or delay in, cost recovery could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. See “Regulatory Framework
Affecting Allegheny.” 

The TrAIL Project and the PATH Project are subject to permitting and state regulatory approvals, and the failure to obtain
any of these permits or approvals could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business. 

The construction of both the TrAIL
Project and the PATH Project are subject to the prior approval of various regulatory bodies. TrAIL Company has obtained the state siting approvals necessary to construct TrAIL and is continuing to pursue the necessary permits that remain. Allegheny
met with substantial political opposition, as well as opposition from environmental, community and other groups, in obtaining siting approval for TrAIL and is likely to encounter similar opposition with regard to the PATH Project. There can be no
assurance that Allegheny will be able to obtain the regulatory approvals required in connection with these projects, particularly the siting approvals required to construct PATH, on a timely basis or at all. The inability to obtain any required
state approval or other regulatory approval as a result of such opposition or otherwise may have an adverse affect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. See “Regulatory Framework Affecting
Allegheny.” 

Allegheny is from time to time subject to federal or state tax audits the resolution of which could have an adverse effect on
Allegheny’s financial condition. 

Allegheny is subject to periodic audits and examinations by the Internal Revenue Service
(“IRS”) and other state and local taxing authorities. Determinations and expenses related to these audits and examinations and other proceedings by the IRS and other state and local taxing authorities could materially and
adversely affect Allegheny’s financial condition. 

Risks Relating to Allegheny’s Operations 

Allegheny’s generation facilities are subject to unplanned outages and significant maintenance requirements. 

The operation of power generation facilities involves certain risks, including the risk of breakdown or failure of equipment, fuel interruption and
performance below expected levels of output or efficiency. If Allegheny’s facilities, or the facilities of other parties upon which it depends, operate below expectations, Allegheny may lose revenues, have increased expenses or fail to receive
or deliver the amount of power for which it has contracted. 

Allegheny’s supercritical generation facilities were originally
constructed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, and many of its other generation facilities were constructed prior to that time. Older equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good engineering practices, may require significant capital
expenditures to 

41 

Table of Contents

operate at peak efficiency or availability. If Allegheny underestimates required maintenance expenditures or is unable to make required capital expenditures
due to liquidity constraints, it risks incurring more frequent unplanned outages, higher than anticipated maintenance expenditures, increased operation at higher cost of some of its less efficient generation facilities and the need to purchase power
from third parties to meet its supply obligations, possibly at times when the market price for power is high, all of which may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Allegheny’s operating results are subject to seasonal and weather fluctuations and other factors that affect customer demand. 

The sale of power generation output is generally a seasonal business, and weather patterns can have a material impact on Allegheny’s operating
results. Demand for electricity in Allegheny’s service territory peaks during the summer and winter months. During periods of peak demand, the capacity of Allegheny’s generation facilities may be inadequate to meet its contractual
obligations, which could require it to purchase power at a time when the market price for power is high. In addition, although the operational costs associated with the Delivery and Services segment are not weather-sensitive, the segment’s
revenues are subject to seasonal fluctuation. Accordingly, Allegheny’s annual results and liquidity position may depend disproportionately on its performance during the winter and summer. 

Extreme weather or events outside of Allegheny’s service territory can also have a direct effect on the commodity markets. Events, such as
hurricanes, that disrupt the supply of commodities used as fuel impact the price and availability of energy commodities and can have an adverse impact on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.

Allegheny’s results also may be negatively impacted as a result of other circumstances that affect customer demand for power. For
example, it is possible that the current economic downturn has and will continue to contribute to changes in customer behavior, which may result in a significant reduction in demand, particularly among commercial and industrial customers, which
could, in turn, have an adverse impact on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Changes in weather
patterns as a result of global warming could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business. 

Allegheny also could be impacted to
the extent that global warming trends affect established weather patterns or exacerbate extreme weather or weather fluctuations. Although Allegheny’s physical assets are located in a region in which they are unlikely to experience detrimental
physical damage from the rising sea levels that have been modeled in various analyses that attempt to predict the effects of global warming, other weather-related effects that could be associated with global warming, such as an increase in the
frequency and/or severity of storms or other significant climate changes within or outside of Allegheny’s service territory, may have an adverse impact on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.

Allegheny’s assets are subject to other risks beyond its control, including, but not limited to, accidents, storms, natural catastrophes and
terrorism. 

Much of the value of Allegheny’s business consists of its portfolio of power generation and T&D assets.
Allegheny’s ability to conduct its operations depends on the integrity of these assets. The cost of repairing damage to its facilities due to storms, natural disasters, wars, terrorist acts and other catastrophic events may exceed available
insurance, if any, for repairs, which may adversely impact Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Although Allegheny has taken, and will continue to take, reasonable precautions to safeguard these
assets, Allegheny can make no assurance that its facilities will not face damage or disruptions or that it will have sufficient insurance, if any, to cover the cost of repairs. In addition, in the current geopolitical climate, enhanced concern
regarding the risks of terrorism throughout the economy may impact Allegheny’s operations in unpredictable ways. Insurance coverage may not cover costs associated with 

42 

Table of Contents

any of these risks adequately or at all. While some losses may be recoverable through regulatory proceedings, the delay and uncertainty of any such recovery
may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

The supply and price of fuel may
impact Allegheny’s financial results. 

Allegheny is dependent on coal for much of its electric generation capacity. Allegheny has
coal supply contracts in place that partially mitigate its exposure to negative fluctuations in coal prices. However, Allegheny can provide no assurance that the counterparties to these agreements will fulfill their obligations to supply coal. The
suppliers under these agreements may, as a general matter, experience financial, legal or technical problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations. Among other circumstances, the prevailing constrained credit markets and overall
negative economic conditions may affect the ability of Allegheny’s suppliers to access the capital markets and maintain adequate liquidity to sustain their respective businesses. Additionally, to the extent that any of Allegheny’s coal
suppliers seek bankruptcy protection, they may, in the current climate, be unable to obtain the financing necessary to continue their operations in bankruptcy and reorganize and, thus, may be forced to liquidate. Various industry and operational
factors, including increased costs, transportation constraints, safety issues and operational difficulties may have negative effects on coal supplier performance. During periods of rising coal prices, the factors impacting supplier performance could
have a more pronounced financial impact. Furthermore, the suppliers under these agreements may not be required to supply coal to Allegheny under certain circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. If Allegheny is unable to obtain its
coal requirements under these contracts, it may be required to purchase coal at higher prices. In addition, although these agreements generally contain specified prices, they also provide for price adjustments related to changes in specified cost
indices, as well as specific events, such as changes in regulations affecting the coal industry. Finally, it is possible that, in the future, market prices for coal could fall below the prices at which we have agreed to purchase coal under our
long-term contracts. Changes in the supply and price of coal may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Additionally, Allegheny is subject to other fuel-related costs, which may fluctuate. For example, Allegheny has experienced, and may continue to
experience, increases in its fuel handling costs and its costs to procure lime, urea and other materials necessary to the operation of its pollution controls. Significant increases in these and other fuel related costs could have an adverse effect
on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

The supply and price of emissions credits may impact
Allegheny’s financial results. 

Allegheny’s SO
2

 and NOx allowance needs, to a large extent, are affected at any given time by the amount of output produced and the types of fuel used by its generation
facilities, as well as the implementation of environmental controls. Fluctuations in the availability or cost of these emission allowances could have a material adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, financial condition, cash flows and results
of operations. It is also possible that any climate change legislation will incorporate a cap and trade scheme involving CO
2

 emission allowances. In
that case, the cost and availability of CO
2

 emission allowances could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, financial condition, cash
flows and results of operations. See “Environmental Matters.” 

Allegheny is currently involved in capital intensive projects that may involve
various implementation and financial risks. 

Allegheny currently is involved in a number of capital intensive projects, including the
TrAIL Project, the PATH Project and the installation of Scrubbers at the Fort Martin and Hatfield’s Ferry generation facilities. Allegheny’s ability to successfully complete these projects in a timely manner within established budgets is
contingent upon many variables. Failure to complete these projects as planned may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

43 

Table of Contents

Additionally, Allegheny has contracted with specialized vendors to acquire some of the necessary
materials and construction related services in order to accomplish the installation of Scrubbers at the Fort Martin and Hatfield’s Ferry generation facilities and in connection with the TrAIL and PATH projects, and may in the future enter into
additional such contracts with respect to these and other capital projects. As such, Allegheny is exposed to the risk that these contractors may not perform as required under their contracts. Such a failure could occur for any number of reasons.
Among other things, it is possible that the prevailing constrained credit markets and overall negative economic conditions may affect the ability of Allegheny’s contractors, subcontractors, suppliers and vendors to access the capital markets
and maintain adequate liquidity to sustain their respective businesses. Should this occur, Allegheny may be forced to find alternate arrangements, which may cause delay and/or increased costs. Allegheny can provide no assurance that it would be able
to make such alternate arrangements on terms acceptable to it or at all. Any inability to make such alternate arrangements or any substantial delays or increases in costs associated therewith may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business,
results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Changes in PJM market policies and rules or in PJM participants may impact Allegheny’s
financial results. 

Because Allegheny has transferred functional control of its transmission facilities to PJM, is a load serving
entity within the PJM Region and owns generation within the PJM Region, changes in PJM policies and/or market rules, including changes that are currently under consideration by FERC, could adversely affect Allegheny’s financial results. These
matters include changes involving: the terms, conditions and pricing of transmission services; construction of transmission enhancements; auction of long-term financial transmission rights and the allocation mechanism for the auction revenues; the
RPM; the locational marginal pricing mechanism; transmission congestion patterns due to the proposed implementation of PJM’s regional transmission expansion planning protocol or other required transmission system upgrades; new generation
retirement rules and reliability pricing issues. Furthermore, changes in PJM’s credit and collateral requirements, deterioration in the credit quality of other PJM members, socialization of member defaults, or the withdrawal from PJM of other
transmission owners, may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

The terms of AE
Supply’s power sale agreements with West Penn could require AE Supply to sell power below its costs or prevailing market prices or require West Penn to purchase power at a price above which it can sell power. 

In connection with regulations governing the transition to market competition, West Penn is required to provide electricity at capped rates to certain
retail customers who do not choose an alternate electricity generation supplier or who return to utility service from alternate suppliers. West Penn satisfies these obligations by purchasing power under a contract with AE Supply. At times, AE Supply
may not earn as much as it otherwise could by selling power priced at its contract rates to West Penn instead of into competitive wholesale markets. In addition, AE Supply’s obligations under the agreement could exceed its available generation
capacity, which may require AE Supply to buy power at prices that are higher than the sale prices in the power supply agreements. Conversely, West Penn’s capped rates may be below current wholesale market prices through the applicable
transition periods. As a consequence, West Penn may at times pay more for power than it can charge retail customers and may be unable to pass the excess costs on to its retail customers. Changes in customer switching behavior could also alter both
AE Supply’s and the utilities’ obligations under these agreements. 

Allegheny is exposed to price volatility as a result of its participation
in wholesale energy markets. 

AE Supply buys and sells electricity in wholesale markets, which exposes Allegheny to the risks of rising
and falling prices in those markets. Among the factors that can influence such prices are: 

•

 the balance of supply and demand for electricity, which may be influenced by any number of factors, including but not limited to prevailing weather and economic
conditions; 

44 

Table of Contents

•

 fuel costs, the cost of emissions allowances and other production costs; 

•

 transmission constraints; 

•

 changes in PJM rules and other changes in the regulatory framework for wholesale power markets; and 

•

 market liquidity and the credit worthiness of market participants. 

As a result of these and other factors, wholesale market prices for electricity may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of time and can be unpredictable, and may have an adverse effect on
Allegheny’s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Allegheny’s use of derivative instruments for hedging purposes may
result in financial losses. 

Allegheny uses derivative instruments, such as futures, swaps, forwards, options and financial
transmission rights, to manage its commodity and financial market risks. Allegheny could recognize losses on these contracts as a result of volatility in the market values of the underlying commodities or to the extent that a counterparty fails to
perform. In the absence of actively-quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these instruments involves management’s judgment or use of estimates. Furthermore, changes in the value of derivatives
designated under hedge accounting to the extent not fully offset by changes in the value of the hedged transaction can result in ineffectiveness losses that may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s results of operations. 

Changes in prevailing market conditions or in Allegheny’s access to commodities markets may make it difficult for Allegheny to hedge its physical power supply
commitments and resource requirements. 

In the past, unfavorable market conditions, coupled with Allegheny’s credit position, at
times made it difficult for Allegheny to hedge its power supply obligations and fuel requirements. Although substantial improvements have been made in Allegheny’s credit position over the past few years, significant unanticipated changes in
commodity market liquidity and/or Allegheny’s access to the commodity markets, including as a result of any decline in Allegheny’s credit ratings (including ratings for AE, AE Supply or Monongahela), could adversely impact Allegheny’s
ability to hedge its portfolio of physical generation assets and load obligations. In the absence of effective hedges for these purposes, Allegheny must balance its portfolio in the spot markets, which are volatile and can yield different results
than expected. Furthermore, if Allegheny’s credit ratings were to decline, it would likely be required to deposit additional cash or cash-equivalent collateral with its hedging counterparties, which could have a negative impact on
Allegheny’s liquidity and commodity trading activities. 

As widely reported, the financial markets and overall economies in the United
States and abroad are currently undergoing a period of significant uncertainty and volatility. These conditions can adversely impact the liquidity of the commodity markets in which Allegheny may wish to transact and may negatively affect the ability
of Allegheny’s counterparties to honor their commitments. This, in turn, could inhibit Allegheny’s ability to transact in the desired timeframe or at a satisfactory price, which could increase Allegheny’s exposure to commodity price
fluctuations and may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial conditions. 

Allegheny’s
policies and procedures cannot eliminate all risk involved in its energy commodity activities. 

Allegheny may not always hedge the
entire exposure of its operations to commodity price volatility. Furthermore, Allegheny’s risk management, wholesale marketing, fuel procurements and energy trading activities, including its decisions to enter into power sales or purchase
agreements, rely on models that depend on the judgments and assumptions regarding factors such as generation facility availability, future market prices, weather and the demand for electricity and other energy-related commodities. Many of these
models are developed utilizing statistical relationships between numerous interrelated factors. Such relationships can change significantly in an unpredictable manner, especially during periods of significant volatility. Even when 

45 

Table of Contents

Allegheny’s policies and procedures are followed and decisions are made based on these models, Allegheny’s policies and procedures cannot eliminate
all risk involved in its energy commodity activities. Allegheny’s financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected if the judgments and assumptions underlying its models prove to be inaccurate or commodity prices otherwise
fluctuate in ways that Allegheny does not anticipate. 

Failure to retain and attract key executive officers and other skilled professionals and
technical employees could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s operations. 

Allegheny’s business is dependent on its ability
to recruit, retain and motivate employees. Competition for skilled employees in some areas is high. At the same time, Allegheny has an aging workforce. The inability to attract new employees, whether to appropriately replace retiring and other
departing employees or otherwise, and to retain and motivate existing employees may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Allegheny is currently involved in significant litigation that, if not decided favorably to Allegheny, could have a material adverse effect on its results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Allegheny is currently involved in a number of lawsuits, some of which may be
significant. Allegheny intends to vigorously pursue these matters, but the results of these lawsuits cannot be determined. Adverse outcomes in these lawsuits could require Allegheny to make significant expenditures and may have an adverse effect on
its financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. See “Environmental Matters” and “Legal Proceedings.” 

The Distribution
Companies and other AE subsidiaries are and may become subject to legal claims arising from the presence of asbestos or other regulated substances at some of their facilities. 

The Distribution Companies have been named as defendants in pending asbestos litigation involving multiple plaintiffs and multiple defendants. In
addition, asbestos and other regulated substances are, and may continue to be, present at Allegheny-owned facilities where suitable alternative materials are not available. Allegheny’s management believes that any remaining asbestos at
Allegheny-owned facilities is contained. The continued presence of asbestos and other regulated substances at Allegheny-owned facilities, however, could result in additional actions being brought against Allegheny. See “Legal Proceedings”
and Note 19, “Asset Retirement Obligations” to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Adverse investment returns and other factors may
increase Allegheny’s pension liability and pension funding requirements. 

Substantially all of Allegheny’s employees are
covered by a defined benefit pension plan. At present, the pension plan is underfunded in that the projected pension benefit obligation exceeds the aggregate fair value of plan assets. Recent results in the capital markets have increased the level
of underfunding in the pension plan. Under applicable law, Allegheny is required to make cash contributions to the extent necessary to comply with minimum funding requirements imposed by regulatory requirements. The amount of and timing of such
required cash contribution(s) is based on an actuarial valuation of the plan. The funded status of the plan can be affected by investment returns on plan assets, discount rates, mortality rates of plan participants, pension reform legislation and a
number of other factors. There can be no assurance that the value of Allegheny’s pension plan assets will be sufficient to cover future liabilities. Although Allegheny has made significant contributions to its pension plan in recent years, it
is possible that Allegheny could incur a significant pension liability adjustment, or could be required to make significant additional cash contributions to its plan, which would reduce the cash available for business and other needs. 

46 

Table of Contents

Energy companies are subject to adverse publicity, which may make Allegheny vulnerable to negative regulatory and
litigation outcomes. 

The energy sector has been the subject of negative publicity, most recently in the context of the dialogue
regarding climate change. Allegheny has come under some scrutiny in this regard, and also has faced public opposition in connection with its transmission expansion initiatives, as well as certain of its demand-side conservation efforts. Negative
publicity of this nature may make legislators, regulators and courts less likely to take a favorable view of energy companies in general and/or Allegheny, specifically, which could cause them to make decisions or take actions that are adverse to
Allegheny. 

Risks Related to Allegheny’s Leverage and Financing Needs 

Allegheny is dependent on its ability to successfully access capital markets. Any inability to access capital may adversely affect Allegheny’s business. 

Allegheny relies on access to the capital markets as a source of liquidity and to satisfy any of its capital requirements that are not met
by the cash flow from its operations. Capital market disruptions, decreases in market liquidity or the availability of credit, a downgrade in Allegheny’s credit ratings or other negative developments affecting Allegheny’s access to capital
markets, could increase Allegheny’s cost of borrowing or could adversely affect its ability to access one or more financial markets. Causes of disruption to the capital markets could include, but are not limited to: 

•

 a recession, including the current recession, or other economic slowdown; 

•

 the bankruptcy of one or more energy companies or highly-leveraged companies; 

•

 significant increases in the prices for oil or other fuel; 

•

 a terrorist attack or threatened attacks; 

•

 a significant transmission failure; or 

•

 changes in technology. 

As widely
reported, the financial markets and overall economies in the United States and abroad are currently undergoing a period of significant uncertainty and volatility. As a result, Allegheny’s management has placed increased emphasis on monitoring
the risks associated with the current environment. At this point in time, there has not been a materially negative impact on Allegheny’s liquidity. However, there can be no assurance that the cost or availability of future borrowings or other
financings, if any, will not be impacted by the ongoing or future capital market disruptions. 

AE’s and AE Supply’s revolving
credit facilities currently are well-diversified, including more than 20 lenders at December 31, 2008. Allegheny currently anticipates that these lenders will participate in future requests for funding. However, there can be no assurance that
further deterioration in the credit markets and overall economy will not affect the ability of Allegheny’s lenders to meet their funding commitments. Additionally, Allegheny’s lenders have the ability to transfer their commitments to other
institutions, and the risk that committed funds may not be available under distressed market conditions could be exacerbated to the extent that consolidation of the commitments under Allegheny’s facilities or among its lenders occurs.

Allegheny’s leverage could adversely affect its ability to operate successfully and meet contractual obligations. 

Although Allegheny has reduced debt significantly since 2003, Allegheny still has substantial leverage. At December 31, 2008, Allegheny had
approximately $4.2 billion of debt on a consolidated basis. Approximately 

47 

Table of Contents

$1.9 billion represented debt of AE Supply and AGC, $90 million represented debt of TrAIL Company, and the remainder constituted debt of one or more of the
Distribution Companies or their subsidiaries. 

Allegheny’s leverage could have important consequences to it. For example, it could:

•

 require Allegheny to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow to payments on its debt, thereby reducing the availability of its cash flow for working
capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; 

•

 limit Allegheny’s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business, regulatory environment and the industry in which it operates;

•

 place Allegheny at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors that have less leverage; 

•

 limit Allegheny’s ability to borrow additional funds; and 

•

 increase Allegheny’s vulnerability to general adverse economic, regulatory and industry conditions. 

Covenants contained in certain of Allegheny’s financing agreements restrict its operating, financing and investing activities. 

Allegheny’s principal financing agreements contain restrictive covenants that limit its ability to, among other things: 

•

 borrow funds; 

•

 incur liens and guarantee debt; 

•

 enter into a merger or other change of control transaction; 

•

 make investments; 

•

 dispose of assets; and 

•

 pay dividends and other distributions on its equity securities. 

These agreements may limit Allegheny’s ability to implement strategic decisions, including its ability to access capital markets or sell assets without using the proceeds to reduce debt. In addition, Allegheny is
required to meet certain financial tests under some of its loan agreements, including interest coverage ratios and leverage ratios. Allegheny’s failure to comply with the covenants contained in its financing agreements could result in an event
of default, which may have an adverse effect on its financial condition. 

A downgrade or negative outlook in Allegheny’s credit ratings could
increase its financing costs and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships. 

Allegheny cannot be assured that any of
its current credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a credit rating agency if, in the agency’s judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. Among other
reasons, Allegheny’s credit ratings may change as a result of the differing methodologies used by various rating agencies or as a result of changes to those methodologies. Any downgrade or negative outlook in Allegheny’s credit ratings may
increase its financing costs and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships. Among other things, if Allegheny’s credit ratings were to decline, it would likely be required to deposit additional cash or cash-equivalent collateral
with its hedging counterparties, which would have a negative impact on Allegheny’s liquidity. Thus, a downgrade or negative outlook in Allegheny’s credit ratings may have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, cash flows
and financial condition. 

48 

Table of Contents

AE has no income or cash flow apart from dividends paid or other obligations due it from its subsidiaries.

AE is a holding company and has no operations of its own. As a result, its ability to meet its financial obligations associated with
its indebtedness and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent upon the earnings and cash flow of its operating subsidiaries and their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to, or repay loans from, AE. AE’s
subsidiaries are distinct entities that have no obligations to make dividends or other distributions to AE, and their ability to do so is contingent upon their respective earnings and a number of other business considerations, including in some
circumstances regulatory constraints.