Allegheny is subject to a variety of significant risks that
are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond its control. A number of these risks are identified below, in addition to the matters set forth under “Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements” above. Allegheny’s susceptibility to certain risks could exacerbate other risks. These risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating Allegheny’s risk profile. Risks applicable to Allegheny
include: 

Risks Relating to Regulation 

Allegheny is subject to substantial governmental regulation. Compliance with current and future regulatory requirements and procurement of necessary approvals, permits and certificates may result in substantial costs to Allegheny, and
failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals could have an adverse effect on its business. 

Allegheny is subject to substantial
regulation from federal, state and local regulatory agencies. Allegheny is required to comply with numerous laws and regulations and to obtain numerous authorizations, permits, approvals and certificates from governmental agencies. These agencies
regulate various aspects of Allegheny’s business, including customer rates, services, retail service territories, generation plant operations, sales of securities, asset sales and accounting policies and practices. Although Allegheny believes
that the necessary authorizations, permits, approvals and certificates have been obtained for its existing operations and that its business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws, it cannot predict the impact of any future revisions or
changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations applicable to it. See “Environmental Matters” and “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny” above. 

Changes in regulations or the imposition of additional regulations could influence Allegheny’s operating environment and may result in substantial
costs to Allegheny, which could have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Allegheny’s
costs to comply with environmental laws are significant. New environmental laws and regulations, or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, could impose more stringent limitations on Allegheny’s generation operations or require it
to incur significant additional costs. The cost of compliance with present and future environmental laws could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business. 

Allegheny’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources and site
remediation. Compliance with these laws and regulations may require Allegheny to expend significant financial resources to, among other things, meet air emission standards, conduct site remediation, perform environmental monitoring, purchase
emission allowances, use alternative fuels and modulate operations of its generation facilities in order to reduce emissions. If Allegheny fails to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, even if it is unable to do so due to
factors beyond its control, it may be subject to civil liabilities or criminal penalties and may be required to incur significant expenditures to come into compliance. In addition, any alleged violations of environmental laws and regulations may
require Allegheny to expend significant resources defending itself against such alleged violations. Either result could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Potential Climate Change Legislation. The United States relies on coal-fired plants for
more than 50 percent of its energy. However, coal-fired power plants have come under scrutiny due to their emission of greenhouse gases implicated in climate change, primarily CO

2

. Allegheny produces more than 95 percent of its electricity at coal-fired facilities and currently produces approximately 45 million tons of CO
2

 annually through its energy production. While there are many unknowns concerning the final regulation of greenhouse gases in the United States, federal and/or state legislation and
implementing regulations addressing climate change likely will be adopted some time in the future, and may include limits on emissions of CO
2

. Thus,
CO
2

 legislation and 

42 

regulation, if not reasonably designed, could have a significant impact on Allegheny’s operations. Current proposals range from cap-and-trade schemes
with $12 safety-valve allowance prices to direct taxation of tons emitted on the order of $50 per ton. Allegheny can provide no assurance that limits on CO
2

 emissions, if imposed, will be set at levels that can accommodate its generation facilities absent the installation of controls. 

Moreover, there is a gap between desired reduction levels in the current proposed legislation and
the current capabilities of technology; no current commercial-scale technology exists to enable many of the reduction levels being proposed in national, regional and state proposals. Such technology may not become available within a timeframe
consistent with the implementation of any future climate control legislation or at all. To the extent that such technology does become available, Allegheny can provide no assurance that it will be suitable for installation at Allegheny’s
generation facilities on a cost effective basis or at all. Based on estimates from a 2007 DOE National Electric Technology Laboratory report, it could cost as much as $3,000 per kW to replace existing coal-based power generation with fossil fuel
stations capable of capturing and sequestering CO
2

 emissions, and recent project announcements suggest that these costs could be substantially
higher. However, exact estimates are difficult because of the variance in the legislative proposals and the current lack of deployable technology. 

Because the legislative process and applicable technology each is in its infancy, it is difficult
for Allegheny to aggressively implement greenhouse gas emission expenditures, or to fully evaluate the magnitude and impact of potential expenditures, until the exact nature and requirements of any regulation are known and the capabilities of
control or reduction technologies are more fully understood. In any event, compliance with any federal or other legislation or regulations regarding CO
2

 emissions is likely to require significant expenditures by Allegheny and may have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. See “Environmental Matters” above. 

Clean Air Act Compliance. Allegheny’s compliance with the Clean Air Act has required, and may require in the future, that Allegheny install
post-combustion control technologies on many of its generation facilities. The Clean Air Interstate Rule, or “CAIR,” promulgated by the EPA on March 10, 2005, may accelerate the need to install this equipment by phasing out a portion
of currently available emission allowances. Allegheny continues to evaluate and implement options for compliance; in December 2007, it completed the elimination of a partial Scrubber bypass at its Pleasants generation facility, and current plans
include the installation of Scrubbers at its Hatfield’s Ferry and Fort Martin generation facilities by 2009. The installation of Scrubbers at the Hatfield’s Ferry and Fort Martin generation facilities will be subject to various
implementation and financial risks. See “Capital Expenditures” and “Environmental Matters” above. 

Applicable standards
under the EPA’s NSR initiatives remain in flux. Under the Clean Air Act, modification of Allegheny’s generation facilities in a manner that causes increased emissions could subject Allegheny’s existing facilities to the far more
stringent NSR standards applicable to new facilities. The EPA has taken the view that many companies, including many energy producers, have been modifying emissions sources in violation of NSR standards in connection with work believed by the
companies to be routine maintenance. Allegheny currently is involved in litigation concerning alleged violations of the PSD provisions of the Clean Air Act at certain of its facilities in West Virginia and violations of the Pennsylvania Air
Pollution Control Act and NSR provisions of the Clean Air Act at certain of its facilities in Pennsylvania. Allegheny intends to vigorously pursue and defend against the environmental matters described above but cannot predict their outcomes. If NSR
and similar requirements are imposed on Allegheny’s generation facilities, in addition to the possible imposition of fines, compliance would entail significant capital investments in pollution control technology, which could have an adverse
impact on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. See “Environmental Matters” above. 

In March 2005, the EPA issued the Clean Air Mercury Rule, or “CAMR,” establishing a cap and trade system designed to reduce mercury emissions from coal-fired power plants. In addition, the PA DEP proposed a more aggressive mercury
control rule in June 2006. Allegheny is currently assessing the impact that these rules may have on its operations. Pennsylvania’s proposed shortened compliance schedule and more aggressive emissions limits might result in the installation of
additional emission controls at any of Allegheny’s three 

43 

Pennsylvania coal-fired facilities or in a change in fuel specifications. Controls might include Scrubbers, activated carbon injection, selective catalytic
reduction or other currently emerging technologies. Installation of such controls or other compliance efforts could entail significant costs, which could have an adverse impact on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and
financial condition. See “Environmental Matters” above. 

Other Environmental Compliance Matters. In addition, Allegheny
incurs costs to obtain and comply with a variety of environmental permits, licenses, inspections and other approvals. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approval, or if Allegheny fails to obtain, maintain or
comply with any required approval, operations at affected facilities could be halted, curtailed or subjected to additional costs, which could have an adverse impact on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial
condition. 

Shifting state and federal regulatory policies impose risks on Allegheny’s operations. Delays, discontinuations or reversals of
electricity market restructurings in the markets in which Allegheny operates could have an adverse effect on its business. 

Allegheny’s operations are subject to evolving regulatory policies, including initiatives regarding deregulation and re-regulation of the production and sale of electricity and the restructuring of transmission regulation. Any new
requirements arising from these actions could lead to increased operating expenses and capital expenditures, the amount of which cannot be predicted at this time. 

Some deregulated electricity markets in which Allegheny operates have experienced price volatility. In some of these markets, government agencies and other interested parties have made proposals to delay market
restructuring or even re-regulate areas of these markets that have previously been deregulated. During its 2007 session, the Virginia General Assembly amended the Virginia Electric Utility Restructuring Act of 1999 to re-regulate the provision of
electric generation services in the Commonwealth beginning January 1, 2009. In Pennsylvania, many of the state’s electric utilities, including Allegheny, are scheduled to transition to market rates in 2010 and 2011, when applicable
generation rate caps expire. Significant price increases in other states following the end of such regulatory transition periods have created a heightened political concern regarding price volatility in Pennsylvania following the expiration of its
rate caps. In September 2007, a special legislative session was convened in Pennsylvania to consider various energy proposals. During the special session, several proposed bills involving the extension of rate caps were introduced. Currently,
generation rate caps for Allegheny’s Pennsylvania customers expire at the end of 2010. Allegheny cannot predict the outcome of the Pennsylvania special session at this time. See “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny—State Rate
Regulation” above. 

Other proposals to re-regulate the industry may be made, and legislative or other action affecting the electric
power restructuring process may cause the process to be delayed, discontinued or reversed in the states in which Allegheny operates. Delays, discontinuations or reversals of electricity market restructurings in the markets in which Allegheny
operates could have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. At a minimum, these types of actions raise uncertainty concerning the continued development of competitive power markets. Given
Allegheny’s multi-state operations and asset base, re-regulation of restructured obligations could prove intricate, time-consuming and costly to ongoing operations. 

In addition, as a result of FERC’s efforts to implement a long-term rate design for the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic regions, the Distribution Companies may not fully recover their transmission costs and may have
costs shifted to them from other transmission owners. Due to capped rates and the timing of state rate cases, the Distribution Companies may not be able to pass through increased transmission costs to these retail customers for some period of time.
See “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny—Federal Regulation and Rate Matters” above. 

State rate regulation may delay or deny full
recovery of costs and impose risks on Allegheny’s operations. Any denial of, or delay in, cost recovery could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business. 

The retail rates in the states in which Allegheny operates are set or capped by each state’s regulatory body. As a result, Allegheny may not be able
to recover increased, unexpected or necessary costs and, even if it is able to do so, there may be a significant delay between the time Allegheny incurs such costs and the time Allegheny is 

44 

allowed to recover them. Any denial of, or delay in, cost recovery could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash
flows and financial condition. 

Virginia 

Potomac Edison’s Virginia generation rates were originally capped until July 1, 2007, but this cap was extended by legislation until December 31, 2008. Potomac Edison had a power purchase agreement with AE Supply to provide
Potomac Edison with the amount of electricity necessary to meet its Virginia PLR retail obligations until July 1, 2007 at capped generation rates. On July 1, 2007, Potomac Edison began to purchase those requirements at market prices.
Market prices for purchased power are, and likely will continue to be, significantly higher than the rates Potomac Edison is currently allowed to recover from its retail customers. 

Accordingly, in April 2007, Potomac Edison filed an Application with the Virginia SCC to establish a fuel factor and increase retail rates to recover
Potomac Edison’s estimated costs for purchased power to serve the Virginia retail load beginning July 1, 2007. Potomac Edison also proposed a transition plan. However, the Virginia SCC denied the Application, rejecting Potomac
Edison’s request to recover its purchased power expenses and dismissing the case. Potomac Edison currently is appealing this decision to the Virginia Supreme Court. Allegheny also filed at the Virginia SCC a new application for a smaller rate
increase, contending that it is at least entitled to recovery of $42.3 million in costs to service load above 367 MW. The Virginia SCC’s staff contended that Potomac Edison is entitled to nothing or, at most, $9.5 million, and in December 2007,
the Virginia SCC issued an order adopting the staff’s alternative calculation of $9.5 million. See “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny—State Rate Regulation” above. 

At this time, there can be no assurance that Potomac Edison will be able to recover most of the cost of power purchases in excess of the capped
generation rates that it is currently permitted to charge its Virginia customers. The inability to recover such costs is expected to have a significantly negative effect on Potomac Edison’s income and cash flows from Potomac Edison’s
Virginia operations, which in turn may have an adverse effect on its overall business, results of operations and financial condition. Potomac Edison’s management is currently reevaluating planned capital and other expenditures and may postpone
or eliminate all or a portion of those expenditures or take other measures in response to the expected negative impact of these regulatory decisions. 

West Virginia 

The West Virginia PSC sets Monongahela’s and Potomac Edison’s rates in West Virginia through
traditional, cost-based regulated utility ratemaking. 

In July 2006, Potomac Edison and Monongahela filed a request with the West
Virginia PSC to increase their West Virginia retail rates by approximately $99.8 million annually, effective on August 25, 2006. The request included a $126 million increase in rates related to fuel and purchased power costs, including
reinstatement of a cost recovery clause, adjustable annually, to reflect upward or downward changes in the cost of fuel and purchased power, and a $26 million decrease in transmission, distribution and generation (non-fuel) rates. 

In May 2007, the West Virginia PSC issued a final order directing Monongahela and Potomac Edison to reduce overall rates by approximately $6.2 million,
effective May 23, 2007, by increasing fuel and purchased power cost-related rates by $126 million and reducing base rates by approximately $132 million. The order approved the request by Monongahela and Potomac Edison to reinstate a fuel cost
recovery clause. Monongahela and Potomac Edison filed a Petition for Reconsideration of certain findings in the order. The West Virginia PSC has no procedural deadline for ruling on these petitions. Allegheny can provide no assurance that the
Petition for Reconsideration will succeed in whole or in part. The decrease in base rates embodied in the final Order may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. See
“Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny—State Rate Regulation” above. 

45 

The TrAIL Project and the PATH Project are subject to permitting and state regulatory approvals, and the failure to
obtain any of these permits or approvals could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business. 

The construction of both the TrAIL
Project and the PATH Project are subject to the prior approval of various state regulatory bodies. Allegheny is in the process of pursuing the necessary approvals, but has met with substantial political opposition, as well as opposition from
environmental, community and other groups, and there can be no assurance that Allegheny will be able to obtain the regulatory approvals required in connection with these projects on a timely basis or at all. The inability to obtain any required
state approval or other regulatory approval as a result of such opposition or otherwise may have an adverse affect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. See “Regulatory Framework Affecting
Allegheny—Federal Regulation and Rate Matters” above. 

Allegheny is from time to time subject to federal or state tax audits the resolution of
which could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s financial condition. 

Allegheny is subject to periodic audits and examinations
by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and other state and local taxing authorities. Determinations and expenses related to these audits and examinations and other proceedings by the IRS and other state and local taxing
authorities could materially and adversely affect Allegheny’s financial condition. 

Risks Relating to Allegheny’s Operations

Allegheny’s generation facilities are subject to unplanned outages and significant maintenance requirements. 

The operation of power generation facilities involves certain risks, including the risk of breakdown or failure of equipment, fuel interruption and
performance below expected levels of output or efficiency. If Allegheny’s facilities, or the facilities of other parties upon which it depends, operate below expectations, Allegheny may lose revenues, have increased expenses or fail to receive
or deliver the amount of power for which it has contracted. 

Allegheny’s supercritical generation facilities were originally
constructed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, and many of its other generation facilities were constructed prior to that time. Older equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good engineering practices, may require significant capital
expenditures to operate at peak efficiency or availability. If Allegheny underestimates required maintenance expenditures or is unable to make required capital expenditures due to liquidity constraints, it risks incurring more frequent unplanned
outages, higher than anticipated maintenance expenditures, increased operation at higher cost of some of its less efficient generation facilities and the need to purchase power from third parties to meet its supply obligations, possibly at times
when the market price for power is high, all of which may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Allegheny’s operating results are subject to seasonal and weather fluctuations. 

The sale of
power generation output is generally a seasonal business, and weather patterns can have a material impact on Allegheny’s operating results. Demand for electricity peaks during the summer and winter months, and market prices typically also peak
during these times. During periods of peak demand, the capacity of Allegheny’s generation facilities may be inadequate to meet its contractual obligations, which could require it to purchase power at a time when the market price for power is
high. In addition, although the operational costs associated with the Delivery and Services segment are not weather-sensitive, the segment’s revenues are subject to seasonal fluctuation. Accordingly, Allegheny’s annual results and
liquidity position may depend disproportionately on its performance during the winter and summer. 

46 

Extreme weather or events outside of Allegheny’s service territory can also have a direct effect on
the commodity markets. Events, such as hurricanes, that disrupt the supply of commodities used as fuel impact the price and availability of energy commodities and can have a material impact on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash
flow and financial condition. 

Changes in weather patterns as a result of global warming could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business. 

Allegheny also could be impacted to the extent that global warming trends affect established weather patterns or exacerbate extreme
weather or weather fluctuations. Although Allegheny’s physical assets are located in a region in which they are unlikely to experience detrimental physical damage from the rising sea levels that have been modeled in various analyses that
attempt to predict the effects of global warming, other weather-related effects that could be associated with global warming, such as an increase in the frequency and/or severity of storms or other significant climate changes within or outside of
Allegheny’s service territory, could have a negative impact on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Allegheny’s assets are subject to other risks beyond its control, including, but not limited to, accidents, storms, natural catastrophes and terrorism. 

Much of the value of Allegheny’s business consists of its portfolio of power generation and T&D assets. Allegheny’s ability to conduct its
operations depends on the integrity of these assets. The cost of repairing damage to its facilities due to storms, natural disasters, wars, terrorist acts and other catastrophic events may exceed available insurance, if any, for repairs, which may
adversely impact Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Although Allegheny has taken, and will continue to take, reasonable precautions to safeguard these assets, Allegheny can make no assurance that
its facilities will not face damage or disruptions or that it will have sufficient insurance, if any, to cover the cost of repairs. In addition, in the current geopolitical climate, enhanced concern regarding the risks of terrorism throughout the
economy may impact Allegheny’s operations in unpredictable ways. Insurance coverage may not cover costs associated with any of these risks adequately or at all. While T&D losses may be recoverable through regulatory proceedings, the delay
and uncertainty of any such recovery could have a material adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

The supply and price of fuel may impact Allegheny’s financial results. 

Allegheny is dependent on coal for much of its
electric generation capacity. Allegheny has coal supply contracts in place that partially mitigate its exposure to negative fluctuations in coal prices. However, Allegheny can provide no assurance that the counterparties to these agreements will
fulfill their obligations to supply coal. The suppliers under these agreements may experience financial, legal or technical problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations. Various industry and operational factors, including
increased costs, transportation constraints, safety issues and operational difficulties may have negative effects on coal supplier performance. During periods of rising coal prices, the factors impacting supplier performance could have a more
pronounced financial impact. Furthermore, the suppliers under these agreements may not be required to supply coal to Allegheny under certain circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. If Allegheny is unable to obtain its coal
requirements under these contracts, it may be required to purchase coal at higher prices. In addition, although these agreements generally contain specified prices, they also provide for price adjustments related to changes in specified cost
indices, as well as specific event, such as changes in regulations affecting the coal industry. Changes in the supply and price of coal could have a material adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial
condition. 

The supply and price of emissions credits may impact Allegheny’s financial results. 

Allegheny’s SO
2

 and NOx allowance needs, to a large extent, are affected at any given time by the amount of output produced and the types of fuel used by its generation facilities, as well as the implementation of environmental
controls. Fluctuations in the availability or cost of these emission allowances could have a 

47 

material adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. It is also possible that any climate change
legislation will incorporate a cap and trade scheme involving CO
2

 emission allowances. In that case, the cost and availability of CO
2

 emission allowances could have a material adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. See
“Environmental Matters” above. 

Allegheny is currently involved in capital intensive projects that may involve various implementation and
financial risks. 

Allegheny currently is involved in a number of capital intensive projects, including the TrAIL Project, the PATH
Project and the installation of Scrubbers at the Fort Martin and Hatfield’s Ferry generation facilities. Allegheny’s ability to successfully complete these projects in a timely manner within established budgets is contingent upon many
variables. Failure to complete these projects as planned may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Additionally, Allegheny has contracted with specialized vendors to acquire some of the necessary materials and construction related services in order to
accomplish the installation of Scrubbers at the Fort Martin and Hatfield’s Ferry generation facilities and in connection with the TrAIL Project, and may in the future enter into additional such contracts with respect to these and other capital
projects, including the PATH Project. As such, Allegheny is exposed to the risk that these contractors may not perform as required under their contracts. Should this occur, Allegheny may be forced to find alternate arrangements, which may cause
delay and/or increased costs. Allegheny can provide no assurance that it would be able to make such alternate arrangements on terms acceptable to it or at all. Any inability to make such alternate arrangements or any substantial delays or increases
in cost associated therewith could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Changes in PJM market policies and rules or in PJM participants may impact Allegheny’s financial results. 

Because
Allegheny has transferred functional control of its transmission facilities to PJM and Allegheny is a load serving entity within the PJM Region and owns generation within the PJM Region, changes in PJM policies and/or market rules, including changes
that are currently under consideration by FERC, could adversely affect Allegheny’s financial results. These matters include changes involving: the terms, conditions and pricing of transmission services; construction of transmission
enhancements; auction of long-term financial transmission rights and the allocation mechanism for the auction revenues; changes in the RPM; changes in the locational marginal pricing mechanism; changes in transmission congestion patterns due to the
proposed implementation of PJM’s regional transmission expansion planning protocol or other required transmission system upgrades; new generation retirement rules and reliability pricing issues. Furthermore, deterioration in the credit quality
of other PJM members, socialization of member defaults, or the withdrawal from PJM of other transmission owners, could negatively impact Allegheny’s performance. 

The terms of AE Supply’s power sale agreements with Potomac Edison and West Penn could require AE Supply to sell power below its costs or prevailing market prices or require Potomac Edison and West Penn to
purchase power at a price above which they can sell power, and the terms of Potomac Edison’s power supply agreement with Monongahela could require Potomac Edison to purchase power at a price above which it can sell power to its West Virginia
customers. 

In connection with regulations governing the transition to market competition, Potomac Edison and West Penn are required to
provide electricity at capped rates to certain retail customers who do not choose an alternate electricity generation supplier or who return to utility service from alternate suppliers. Potomac Edison and West Penn satisfy the majority of these
obligations by purchasing power under contracts with external counterparties, or their affiliate, AE Supply. Those contracts provide for the supply of a significant portion of their energy needs 

48 

at the mandated capped rates and for the supply of a specified remaining portion at rates based on market prices. The amount of energy priced at market rates
increases over each contract term. The majority of AE Supply’s normal operating capacity is dedicated to these contracts. 

These power
supply agreements present risks for both AE Supply and the utilities. At times, AE Supply may not earn as much as it otherwise could by selling power priced at its contract rates to Potomac Edison and West Penn instead of into competitive wholesale
markets. In addition, AE Supply’s obligations under these power supply agreements could exceed its available generation capacity, which may require AE Supply to buy power at prices that are higher than the sale prices in the power supply
agreements. Conversely, the utilities’ capped rates may be below current wholesale market prices through the applicable transition periods. As a consequence, Potomac Edison and West Penn may at times pay more for power than they can charge
retail customers and may be unable to pass the excess costs on to their retail customers. Changes in customer switching behavior could also alter both AE Supply’s and the utilities’ obligations under these agreements. 

Failure to retain and attract key executive officers and other skilled professionals and technical employees could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s
operations. 

Allegheny’s business is dependent on its ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. Competition for skilled
employees in some areas is high. At the same time, Allegheny has an aging workforce. The inability to attract new employees, whether to appropriately replace retiring and other departing employees or otherwise, and to retain and motivate existing
employees could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Allegheny is currently
involved in significant litigation that, if not decided favorably to Allegheny, could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Allegheny is currently involved in a number of lawsuits, some of which may be significant. Allegheny intends to vigorously pursue these matters, but the
results of these lawsuits cannot be determined. Adverse outcomes in these lawsuits could require Allegheny to make significant expenditures and could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. See
“Environmental Matters” above and “Legal Proceedings” below. 

The Distribution Companies and other AE subsidiaries are and may
become subject to legal claims arising from the presence of asbestos or other regulated substances at some of their facilities. 

The
Distribution Companies have been named as defendants in pending asbestos litigation involving multiple plaintiffs and multiple defendants. In addition, asbestos and other regulated substances are, and may continue to be, present at Allegheny-owned
facilities where suitable alternative materials are not available. Allegheny’s management believes that any remaining asbestos at Allegheny-owned facilities is contained. The continued presence of asbestos and other regulated substances at
Allegheny-owned facilities, however, could result in additional actions being brought against Allegheny. See “Legal Proceedings” below and Note 21, “Asset Retirement Obligations,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Adverse investment returns and other factors may increase Allegheny’s pension liability and pension funding requirements. 

Substantially all of Allegheny’s employees are covered by a defined benefit pension plan. At present, the pension plan is underfunded in that the
projected pension benefit obligation exceeds the aggregate fair value of plan assets. Under applicable law, Allegheny is required to make cash contributions to the extent necessary to comply with minimum funding requirements imposed by regulatory
requirements. The amount of such required cash contribution is based on an actuarial valuation of the plan. The funded status of the plan can be affected by investment returns on plan assets, discount rates, mortality rates of plan participants,
pension reform legislation and a number of other factors. There can be no assurance that the value of Allegheny’s pension plan assets will 

49 

be sufficient to cover future liabilities. Although Allegheny has made significant contributions to its pension plan in recent years, it is possible that
Allegheny could incur a significant pension liability adjustment, or could be required to make significant additional cash contributions to its plan, which would reduce the cash available for business and other needs. 

Energy companies are subject to adverse publicity, which may make Allegheny vulnerable to negative regulatory and litigation outcomes. 

The energy sector has been the subject of negative publicity, most recently in the context of recent dialogue regarding climate change. Allegheny has
come under some scrutiny in this regard, and also has faced public opposition in connection with its transmission expansion initiatives, as well as certain of its demand-side conservation efforts. Negative publicity of this nature may make
legislators, regulators and courts less likely to take a favorable view of energy companies in general and/or Allegheny, specifically, which could cause them to make decisions or take actions that are adverse to Allegheny. 

Risks Related to Allegheny’s Leverage and Financing Needs 

Allegheny is dependent on its ability to successfully access capital markets. Any inability to access capital may adversely affect Allegheny’s business. 

Allegheny relies on access to the capital markets as a source of liquidity and to satisfy any of its capital requirements that are not met by the cash
flow from its operations. Capital market disruptions, decreases in market liquidity or the availability of credit, a downgrade in Allegheny’s credit ratings or other negative developments affecting Allegheny’s access to capital markets,
could increase Allegheny’s cost of borrowing or could adversely affect its ability to access one or more financial markets. Causes of disruption to the capital markets could include, but are not limited to: 

•

 a recession or an economic slowdown; 

•

 the bankruptcy of one or more energy companies or highly-leveraged companies; 

•

 significant increases in the prices for oil or other fuel; 

•

 a terrorist attack or threatened attacks; 

•

 a significant transmission failure; or 

•

 changes in technology. 

Changes in prevailing
market conditions or in Allegheny’s access to commodities markets may make it difficult for Allegheny to hedge its physical power supply commitments and resource requirements. 

In the past, unfavorable market conditions, coupled with Allegheny’s credit position, made it difficult for Allegheny to hedge its power supply
obligations and fuel requirements. Although substantial improvements have been made in Allegheny’s market positions over the past few years, significant unanticipated changes in commodity market liquidity and/or Allegheny’s access to the
commodity markets could adversely impact Allegheny’s ability to hedge its portfolio of physical generation assets and load obligations. In the absence of effective hedges for these purposes, Allegheny must balance its portfolio in the spot
markets, which are volatile and can yield different results than expected. 

Allegheny’s risk management, wholesale marketing, fuel
procurement and energy trading activities, including its decisions to enter into power sales or purchase agreements, rely on models that depend on judgments and assumptions regarding factors such as generation facility availability, future market
prices, weather and the demand for electricity and other energy-related commodities. Even when Allegheny’s policies and procedures are followed and decisions are made based on these models, Allegheny’s financial position and results of
operations may be adversely affected if the judgments and assumptions underlying those models prove to be inaccurate. 

50 

Allegheny’s leverage could adversely affect its ability to operate successfully and meet contractual obligations.

Although Allegheny reduced debt by approximately $2 billion between December 1, 2003 and December 31, 2007, Allegheny still
has substantial leverage. At December 31, 2007, Allegheny had $4.1 billion of debt on a consolidated basis. Approximately $2 billion represented debt of AE Supply and AGC, $10 million represented debt of TrAIL Company, and the remainder
constituted debt of one or more of the Distribution Companies or their subsidiaries. 

Allegheny’s leverage could have important
consequences to it. For example, it could: 

•

 require Allegheny to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow to payments on its debt, thereby reducing the availability of its cash flow for working
capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; 

•

 limit Allegheny’s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business, regulatory environment and the industry in which it operates;

•

 place Allegheny at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors that have less leverage; 

•

 limit Allegheny’s ability to borrow additional funds; and 

•

 increase Allegheny’s vulnerability to general adverse economic, regulatory and industry conditions. 

Covenants contained in certain of Allegheny’s financing agreements restrict its operating, financing and investing activities. 

Allegheny’s principal financing agreements contain restrictive covenants that limit its ability to, among other things: 

•

 borrow funds; 

•

 incur liens and guarantee debt; 

•

 enter into a merger or other change of control transaction; 

•

 make investments; 

•

 dispose of assets; and 

•

 pay dividends and other distributions on its equity securities. 

These agreements may limit Allegheny’s ability to implement strategic decisions, including its ability to access capital markets or sell assets without using the proceeds to reduce debt. In addition, Allegheny is
required to meet certain financial tests under some of its loan agreements, including interest coverage ratios and leverage ratios. Allegheny’s failure to comply with the covenants contained in its financing agreements could result in an event
of default, which may have an adverse effect on its financial condition.