Allegheny is subject to a variety of significant risks in addition to the matters set forth under “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” above. Allegheny’s susceptibility to certain risks
could exacerbate other risks. These risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating Allegheny’s risk profile. Risks applicable to Allegheny include: 

Risks Relating to Regulation 

Allegheny is subject to substantial governmental regulation. Compliance with current and future regulatory requirements and procurement of necessary approvals,
permits and certificates may result in substantial costs to Allegheny. 

Allegheny is subject to substantial regulation from federal, state and local regulatory agencies. Allegheny is required to comply with numerous laws and regulations and to obtain numerous authorizations, permits,
approvals and certificates from governmental agencies. These agencies regulate various aspects of Allegheny’s business, including customer rates, services, retail service territories, generation plant operations, sales of securities, asset
sales and accounting policies and practices. 

Prior to
February 8, 2006, Allegheny was also subject to regulation by the SEC under PUHCA 1935, which imposed a number of restrictions on the operations of registered utility holding companies and their subsidiaries. These restrictions included a
requirement that, subject to a number of exceptions, the SEC approve in advance securities issuances, financings, acquisitions and dispositions of utility assets, or of securities of utility companies, and acquisitions of interests in other
businesses, as well as a requirement that transactions between affiliated companies in a registered holding company system be performed at cost. Although the Energy Policy Act repealed PUHCA 1935 effective as of February 8, 2006, it replaced
the repealed law with PUHCA 2005, which effectively extends limited jurisdiction over public utility holding companies to FERC. Although PUHCA 2005 grants FERC jurisdiction over public utility holding companies with respect to access to books and
records and cost allocation methodologies, it does not impose restrictions as extensive as those imposed by the SEC under PUHCA 1935. See “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny—Federal Regulation and Rate Matters” below.

Allegheny cannot predict the impact of any future revisions or
changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations applicable to it, including the Energy Policy Act. Changes in regulations or the imposition of additional regulations could influence Allegheny’s
operating environment and may result in substantial costs to Allegheny. 

Allegheny’s costs to comply with environmental laws are significant, and the cost of compliance with present and future environmental laws could adversely affect its cash flow and profitability. 

Allegheny’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local
environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources and site remediation. Compliance with these laws and regulations may require Allegheny to expend significant financial
resources to, among other things, meet air emission standards, conduct site remediation, perform environmental monitoring, purchase emission allowances, use alternative fuels and modulate operations of its generation facilities in order to reduce
emissions. If Allegheny fails to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, even if it is unable to do so due to factors beyond its control, it may be subject to civil liabilities or criminal penalties and may be required to incur
significant expenditures to come into compliance. In addition, any alleged violations of environmental laws and regulations may require Allegheny to expend significant resources defending itself against such alleged violations. 

33 

Table of Contents

New environmental laws and regulations, or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, could
impose more stringent limitations on Allegheny’s generation operations or require it to incur significant additional costs. 

Applicable standards under the EPA’s NSR initiatives remain in flux. Under the Clean Air Act, modification of Allegheny’s generation facilities
in a manner that causes increased emissions could subject Allegheny’s existing facilities to the far more stringent NSR standards applicable to new facilities. The EPA has taken the view that many companies, including many energy producers,
have been modifying emissions sources in violation of NSR standards in connection with work believed by the companies to be routine maintenance. See “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny” below. 

On May 20, 2004, AE, AE Supply, Monongahela and West Penn received a
Notice of Intent to Sue Pursuant to Clean Air Act §7604 from the Attorneys General of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut and from the PA DEP. The Notice alleged that Allegheny made major modifications to some of its West Virginia facilities
in violation of the PSD provisions of the Clean Air Act at the following coal-fired facilities: Albright Unit No. 3; Fort Martin Units No. 1 and 2; Harrison Units No. 1, 2 and 3; Pleasants Units No. 1 and 2 and Willow Island Unit
No. 2. The Notice also alleged PSD violations at the Armstrong, Hatfield’s Ferry and Mitchell generation facilities in Pennsylvania and identifies PA DEP as the lead agency regarding those facilities. On September 8, 2004, AE, AE
Supply, Monongahela and West Penn received a separate Notice of Intent to Sue from the Maryland Attorney General that essentially mirrored the previous Notice. 

On January 6, 2005, AE Supply and Monongahela filed the West Virginia DJ Action. This action requests that the court declare that AE Supply’s
and Monongahela’s coal-fired generation facilities in Pennsylvania and West Virginia comply with the Clean Air Act. The Attorneys General filed a motion to dismiss the West Virginia DJ Action. It is possible that the EPA and other state
authorities may join or move to transfer the West Virginia DJ Action. 

On June 28, 2005, the PA DEP and the Attorneys General of New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Maryland filed the PA Enforcement Action. This action alleges NSR violations under the federal Clean Air Act and the Pennsylvania Air
Pollution Control Act at the Hatfield’s Ferry, Armstrong and Mitchell facilities in Pennsylvania. The PA Enforcement Action appears to raise the same issues regarding Allegheny’s Pennsylvania generation facilities that are before the Court
in the West Virginia DJ Action, except that the PA Enforcement Action also includes the PA DEP and the Maryland Attorney General. Allegheny’s motion to stay the PA Enforcement Action was denied on November 21, 2005. On January 17,
2006, the PA DEP and the Attorneys General filed an amended complaint. On February 15, 2006 Allegheny filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. 

On February 16, 2005, Citizens for Pennsylvania’s Future, an environmental group, sued Allegheny in the United States District Court for the
Western District of Pennsylvania. The action alleges violations of opacity limits and particulate matter emission limits at the Hatfield’s Ferry generation facility. 

Allegheny intends to vigorously pursue and defend against the environmental matters described above but cannot predict their
outcomes. 

In addition, Allegheny incurs costs to obtain and
comply with a variety of environmental permits, licenses, inspections and other approvals. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approval, or if Allegheny fails to obtain, maintain or comply with any required
approval, operations at affected facilities could be halted, curtailed or subjected to additional costs. 

For additional information regarding environmental matters, see “Environmental Matters” below. 

34 

Table of Contents

Shifting state and federal regulatory policies impose risks on Allegheny’s operations. 

Allegheny’s operations are subject to evolving regulatory policies,
including initiatives regarding deregulation of the production and sale of electricity and the restructuring of transmission regulation. Any new requirements arising from these actions could lead to increased operating expenses and capital
expenditures, the amount of which cannot be predicted at this time. 

The continuation of below-market retail rate caps beyond the original scheduled end of transition periods could have adverse consequences for Allegheny. After the expiration of existing power supply contracts, West Penn and Potomac Edison
must purchase their power requirements at market prices, whether from AE Supply or an alternative supplier. If retail rates are capped below the prices at which these utilities can obtain power, the power will be sold at a loss. Legislators,
regulators and consumer and other groups have sought to extend retail rate regulation in the states in which West Penn and Potomac Edison do business through a variety of mechanisms, including through the extension of the current rate cap regimes,
which are set below current market prices. Allegheny cannot predict to what extent these efforts will be successful. See “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny” below. 

Delays, discontinuations or reversals of electricity market restructurings in the markets in which Allegheny operates could
have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition. At a minimum, these types of actions raise uncertainty concerning the continued development of competitive power markets. Given Allegheny’s multi-state
operations and asset base, re-regulation of restructured obligations could prove intricate, time-consuming and costly to ongoing operations. 

In addition, as a result of FERC’s efforts to implement a long-term rate design for the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic regions, the Distribution Companies
may not fully recover their transmission costs and may have costs shifted to them from other transmission owners. Due to capped rates and the timing of state rate cases, the Distribution Companies may not be able to pass through increased
transmission costs to these retail customers for some period of time. 

Risks Related to Allegheny’s Substantial Debt 

Covenants contained in Allegheny’s principal financing agreements restrict its operating, financing and investing activities. 

Allegheny’s principal financing agreements contain restrictive covenants that limit its ability to, among other things: 

•

borrow funds; 

•

incur liens and guarantee debt; 

•

enter into a merger or other change of control transaction; 

•

make investments; 

•

dispose of assets; and 

•

pay dividends and other distributions on its equity securities. 

These agreements limit Allegheny’s ability to implement strategic decisions, including its ability to access capital markets or sell assets without
using the proceeds to reduce debt. In addition, Allegheny is required to meet certain financial tests under some of its loan agreements, including interest coverage ratios and leverage ratios. Allegheny’s failure to comply with the covenants
contained in its financing agreements could result in an event of default, which could materially and adversely affect its financial condition. 

35 

Table of Contents

Allegheny’s substantial debt could adversely affect its ability to operate successfully and meet contractual
obligations. 

Although Allegheny reduced debt by
approximately $1.9 billion between December 1, 2003 and December 31, 2005 and plans to continue its debt reduction program, Allegheny still has substantial debt. At December 31, 2005, Allegheny had $4.1 billion of debt on a
consolidated basis. Approximately $199.0 million of that amount represented AE’s obligations, $2.4 billion represented debt of AE Supply and AGC and the remainder constituted debt of one or more of the Distribution Companies. 

Allegheny’s substantial debt could have important consequences to it.
For example, it could: 

•

make it more difficult for Allegheny to satisfy its obligations under the agreements governing its debt; 

•

require Allegheny to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow to payments on its debt, thereby reducing the availability of its cash flow for working capital, capital
expenditures and other general corporate purposes; 

•

limit Allegheny’s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business, regulatory environment and the industry in which it operates; 

•

place Allegheny at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors that have less debt; 

•

limit Allegheny’s ability to borrow additional funds; and 

•

increase Allegheny’s vulnerability to general adverse economic, regulatory and industry conditions. 

Allegheny may be unable to engage in desired financing transactions. 

Allegheny has substantial debt service obligations for the foreseeable future and may need to engage in refinancing and
capital-raising transactions in order to pay interest and retire principal. Allegheny also may undertake other types of financing transactions in order to meet its other financial needs and increase its equity ratios. Allegheny may be unable to
successfully complete financing transactions due to a number of factors, including: 

•

its credit ratings, many of which are currently below investment grade; 

•

its overall financial condition and results of its operations; and 

•

volatility in the capital markets. 

Allegheny currently anticipates that, in order to repay the principal of its outstanding debt, it may undertake one or more financing alternatives, such
as refinancing or restructuring its debt, selling assets, reducing or delaying capital investments or raising additional capital. Allegheny can provide no assurance that it can complete any of these types of financing transactions on terms
satisfactory to it or at all, that any financing transaction would enable it to pay the interest or principal on its debt or meet its other financial needs or that any of these alternatives would be permitted under the terms of the agreements
governing its outstanding debt. 

Changes in prevailing market conditions or
in Allegheny’s access to commodities markets may make it difficult for Allegheny to hedge its physical power supply commitments and resource requirements. 

In the past, unfavorable market conditions, coupled with Allegheny’s credit position, made it difficult for Allegheny
to hedge its power supply obligations and fuel requirements. Although substantial improvements have been made in Allegheny’s market positions over the past few years, significant unanticipated changes in commodity market liquidity and/or
Allegheny’s access to the commodity markets could adversely impact Allegheny’s ability to hedge its portfolio of physical generation assets and load obligations. In the absence of effective hedges for these purposes, Allegheny must balance
its portfolio in the spot markets, which are volatile and can yield different results than expected. 

36 

Table of Contents

Allegheny’s risk management, wholesale marketing, fuel procurement and energy trading activities,
including its decisions to enter into power sales or purchase agreements, rely on models that depend on judgments and assumptions regarding factors such as generating plant availability, future market prices, weather and the demand for electricity
and other energy-related commodities. Even when Allegheny’s policies and procedures are followed and decisions are made based on these models, its financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected if the judgments and
assumptions underlying those models prove to be inaccurate. 

Risks Relating to Allegheny’s Operations 

Allegheny’s generation facilities are subject to unplanned outages and significant maintenance requirements. 

The operation of power generation facilities involves certain risks, including the risk of breakdown or failure of equipment, fuel interruption and
performance below expected levels of output or efficiency. If Allegheny’s facilities, or the facilities of other parties upon which it depends, operate below expectations, Allegheny may lose revenues, have increased expenses or fail to receive
or deliver the amount of power for which it has contracted. 

Many of Allegheny’s facilities were originally constructed many years ago. Older equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good engineering practices, may require significant capital expenditures to operate at peak efficiency or
availability. If Allegheny underestimates required maintenance expenditures or is unable to make required capital expenditures due to liquidity constraints, it risks incurring more frequent unplanned outages, higher than anticipated maintenance
expenditures, increased operation at higher cost of some of its less efficient generation facilities and the need to purchase power from third parties to meet its supply obligations, possibly at times when the market price for power is high.

Allegheny’s operating results are subject to seasonal and weather
fluctuations. 

The sale of power generation output is
generally a seasonal business, and weather patterns can have a material impact on Allegheny’s operating results. Demand for electricity peaks during the summer and winter months, and market prices typically also peak during these times. During
periods of peak demand, the capacity of Allegheny’s generation facilities may be inadequate to meet its contractual obligations, which could require it to purchase power at a time when the market price for power is high. In addition, although
the operational costs associated with the Delivery and Services segment are not weather-sensitive, the segment’s revenues are subject to seasonal fluctuation. Accordingly, Allegheny’s annual results and liquidity position may depend
disproportionately on its performance during the winter and summer. 

Extreme weather or events outside of Allegheny’s service territory can also have a direct effect on the commodity markets. Events, such as hurricanes, that disrupt the supply of commodities used as fuel impact the price and
availability of energy commodities and can have a material impact on Allegheny’s financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 

Allegheny’s revenues, costs and results of operations are subject to other risks beyond its control, including, but not limited to, accidents, storms, natural
catastrophes and terrorism. 

Much of the value of
Allegheny’s business consists of its portfolio of power generation and T&D assets. Allegheny’s ability to conduct its operations depends on the integrity of these assets. The cost of repairing damage to its facilities due to storms,
natural disasters, wars, terrorist acts and other catastrophic events may exceed available insurance, if any, for repairs, which may adversely impact Allegheny’s results of operations and financial condition. Although Allegheny has taken, and
will continue to take, reasonable precautions to safeguard these assets, Allegheny can make no assurance that its facilities will not face damage or disruptions or that it will 

37 

Table of Contents

have sufficient insurance, if any, to cover the cost of repairs. In addition, in the current geopolitical climate, enhanced concern regarding the risks of
terrorism throughout the economy may impact Allegheny’s operations in unpredictable ways. Insurance coverage may not cover costs associated with any of these risks adequately or at all. While T&D losses may be recoverable through regulatory
proceedings, the delay and uncertainty of any such recovery could have a material adverse effect on Allegheny’s financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 

The terms of AE Supply’s power sale agreements with Potomac Edison and West Penn could require AE Supply to sell power below its
costs or prevailing market prices or require Potomac Edison and West Penn to purchase power at a price above which they can sell power. 

In connection with regulations governing the transition to market competition, Potomac Edison and West Penn are required to provide electricity at capped
rates to certain retail customers who do not choose an alternate electricity generation supplier or who return to utility service from alternate suppliers. Potomac Edison and West Penn satisfy the majority of these obligations by purchasing power
under contracts with external counterparties, or their affiliate, AE Supply. Those contracts provide for the supply of a significant portion of their energy needs at the mandated capped rates and for the supply of a specified remaining portion at
rates based on market prices. The amount of energy priced at market rates increases over each contract term. The majority of AE Supply’s normal operating capacity is dedicated to these contracts. 

These power supply agreements present risks for both AE Supply and the
utilities. At times, AE Supply may not earn as much as it otherwise could by selling power priced at its contract rates to Potomac Edison and West Penn instead of into competitive wholesale markets. In addition, AE Supply’s obligations under
these power supply agreements could exceed its available generation capacity, which may require AE Supply to buy power at prices that are higher than the sale prices in the power supply agreements. Changes in customer switching behavior could also
alter both AE Supply’s and the utilities’ obligations under these agreements. Conversely, the utilities’ capped rates may be below current wholesale market prices through the applicable transition periods. As a consequence, Potomac
Edison and West Penn may at times pay more for power than they can charge retail customers and may be unable to pass the excess costs on to their retail customers. 

Rate regulation in West Virginia may delay or deny Monongahela’s full recovery of costs. 

The West Virginia PSC sets Monongahela’s rates in West Virginia through
traditional, cost-based regulated utility ratemaking. As part of Monongahela’s efforts to spur deregulation in West Virginia, it agreed to terminate its fuel clause effective July 1, 2000. Thus, to recover increased, unexpected or
necessary costs, including increased coal and other raw material costs, Monongahela must file for approval from the West Virginia PSC to recover such costs or to reinstate its fuel clause. There can be no assurance that Monongahela will be able to
recover such costs or reinstate its fuel clause under the ratemaking process. Even if Monongahela is able to recover costs, there may be a significant delay between the time that it incurs such costs and the time that it is allowed to recover such
costs. Any inability to recover, or delay in the recovery of, these costs could have a material adverse effect on Monongahela’s financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

Monongahela is required to supply power to serve its former Ohio customers at prices that
may be below prevailing market prices. 

In connection with
the sale of its electric T&D operations in Ohio in December 2005, Monongahela entered into a power sales agreement to sell power to Columbus Southern to serve Monongahela’s former Ohio customers through May 31, 2007 (representing a
total of approximately 2.5 million MWh over the term of the agreement) at a price of $45 per MWh. To meet its obligations under this agreement, Monongahela will purchase power at market prices, which may, at times, be higher than the $45 per
MWh sales price fixed by this agreement. 

38 

Table of Contents

Monongahela recorded a charge of $29.3 million in 2005 in connection with the sale of its electric
T&D operations in Ohio and its agreement to provide power to Columbus Southern at below-market prices. The amount of the charge was based on the estimated value, at December 31, 2005, of Monongahela’s power sales agreement with
Columbus Southern, partially offset by approximately $8 million, representing the purchase price for the Ohio assets in excess of the book value of the assets at December 31, 2005 and approximately $2 million in expenses associated with the
sale. However, market prices are volatile and can vary over time. Market prices, and therefore, the prices at which Monongahela will be required to purchase power in order to meet its obligations under its agreement with Columbus Southern, may vary
significantly over the life of the agreement. Monongahela may incur losses in connection with its agreement with Columbus Southern in excess of those reflected in the $29.3 million charge. 

The supply and price of fuel and emissions credits may impact Allegheny’s financial
results. 

Allegheny is dependent on coal for much of its
electric generation capacity. Allegheny has coal supply contracts in place that partially mitigate its exposure to negative fluctuations in coal prices. Allegheny can provide no assurance, however, that the counterparties to these agreements will
fulfill their obligations to supply coal. The suppliers under these agreements may experience financial or technical problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations. Various industry and operational factors, including increased
costs, transportation constraints, safety issues and operational difficulties may have negative effects on coal supplier performance. In addition, the suppliers under these agreements may not be required to supply coal to Allegheny under certain
circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. If Allegheny is unable to obtain its coal requirements under these contracts, it may be required to purchase coal at higher prices, which could have a material adverse effect on its
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 

Based on current forecasts, Allegheny estimates that it may have an SO
2

 allowance market exposure of less
than 10,000 tons in 2006 and approximately 20,000 tons and 75,000 tons in 2007 and 2008, respectively. Allegheny’s allowance needs, to a large extent, are affected at any given time by the amount of output produced and the types of fuel used by
its generation facilities, as well as the implementation of environmental controls. Therefore, there can be no assurance that Allegheny’s need to purchase SO
2

 allowances for these periods will not vary from current estimates. Fluctuations in the availability or cost of emission allowances could have a material adverse effect on Allegheny’s financial
condition, cash flows and results of operations. See “Environmental Matters” below. 

Allegheny is currently involved in significant litigation that, if not decided favorably to Allegheny, could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Allegheny is currently involved in a number of lawsuits,
some of which may be significant. Allegheny intends to vigorously pursue these matters, but the results of these lawsuits cannot be determined. Adverse outcomes in these lawsuits could require Allegheny to make significant expenditures and could
have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. See “Legal Proceedings” below. 

The Distribution Companies and other AE subsidiaries are and may become subject to legal claims arising from the presence of asbestos or other regulated substances at
some of their facilities. 

The Distribution Companies have
been named as defendants in pending asbestos litigation involving multiple plaintiffs and multiple defendants. In addition, asbestos and other regulated substances are, and may continue to be, present at Allegheny-owned facilities where suitable
alternative materials are not available. Allegheny’s management believes that any remaining asbestos at Allegheny-owned facilities is contained. The continued presence of asbestos and other regulated substances at Allegheny-owned facilities,
however, could result in additional actions being brought against Allegheny. See “Legal Proceedings” below and Note 6, “Asset Retirement Obligations,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

39 

Table of Contents

Adverse investment returns and other factors may increase Allegheny’s pension liability and pension funding
requirements. 

Substantially all of Allegheny’s
employees are covered by a defined benefit pension plan. At present, the pension plan is underfunded in that the projected pension benefit obligation exceeds the aggregate fair value of plan assets. Under applicable law, Allegheny is required to
make cash contributions to the extent necessary to comply with minimum funding requirements imposed by regulatory requirements. The amount of such required cash contribution is based on an actuarial valuation of the plan. The funded status of the
plan can be affected by investment returns on plan assets, discount rates, mortality rates of plan participants, pending pension reform legislation and a number of other factors. There can be no assurance that the value of Allegheny’s pension
plan assets will be sufficient to cover future liabilities. It is possible that Allegheny could incur a significant pension liability adjustment, or could be required to make significant additional cash contributions to its plan, which would reduce
the cash available for business and other needs. 

Changes in PJM market
policies and rules may impact Allegheny’s financial results. 

Substantially all of Allegheny’s generation assets and power supply obligations are located within the PJM region. Any changes in PJM policies or market rules, including changes that are currently under consideration by FERC, could
adversely affect Allegheny’s financial results. 

Energy companies are
subject to adverse publicity, which may make Allegheny vulnerable to negative regulatory and litigation outcomes. 

The energy sector has been the subject of highly-publicized allegations of misconduct. Negative publicity of this nature may make legislators, regulators
and courts less likely to view energy companies favorably, which could cause them to make decisions or take actions that are adverse to Allegheny. 

Allegheny is dependent on its ability to successfully access capital markets. Any inability to access capital may adversely affect Allegheny’s business.

Allegheny relies on access to the capital markets as a
source of liquidity and to satisfy any of its capital requirements that are not met by the cash flow from its operations. Capital market disruptions, or a downgrade in Allegheny’s credit ratings, could increase Allegheny’s cost of
borrowing or could adversely affect its ability to access one or more financial markets. Disruptions to the capital markets could include, but are not limited to: 

•

a recession or an economic slowdown; 

•

the bankruptcy of one or more energy companies or highly-leveraged companies; 

•

significant increases in the prices for oil or other fuel; 

•

a terrorist attack or threatened attacks; 

•

a significant transmission failure; or 

•

changes in technology. 

Risks Relating to Operational Enhancements 

Refocusing its business subjects Allegheny to risks and uncertainties. 

Allegheny has implemented significant changes to its operations as part of its overall strategy to function as an integrated utility company, to the
extent practicable and permissible under relevant regulatory constraints. For example, Allegheny has disposed of certain non-core assets, reduced the size of its workforce, made substantial 

40 

Table of Contents

changes to senior management and undertaken the implementation of a new company-wide enterprise resource planning system. Additional changes to
Allegheny’s business will be considered as management seeks to strengthen financial and operational performance. These changes may be disruptive to Allegheny’s established organizational culture and systems. In addition, consideration and
planning of strategic changes diverts management attention and other resources from day to day operations. 

Allegheny may engage in sales of assets and businesses; however, market conditions and other factors may hinder this strategy. 

Allegheny may continue to sell non-core assets. Sales prices for energy assets and businesses could fluctuate due to
prevailing conditions. Asset sales under poor market conditions could result in substantial losses. Buyers also may find it difficult to obtain financing to purchase these assets. As part of any asset sale, Allegheny faces challenges associated with
valuing the assets correctly and limiting its environmental or other retained liabilities. These transactions also may divert management attention and other resources from day-to-day operations. 

Several factors specific to Allegheny could make asset sales particularly
challenging. Allegheny and potential purchasers are subject to regulatory approvals, which can impose delays and structuring complications on asset sale transactions. Potential buyers may be reluctant to enter into agreements to purchase assets from
Allegheny if they believe that required consents and approvals will result in significant delays or uncertainties in the transaction process. 

Allegheny may fail to realize the benefits that it expects from its cost-savings initiatives. 

Allegheny has undertaken and expects to continue to undertake cost-savings initiatives. However, Allegheny can make no
assurance that it will realize ongoing cost savings or any other benefits from these initiatives. Even if Allegheny realizes the benefits of its cost savings initiatives, any cash savings that it achieves may be offset by other costs, such as
environmental compliance costs and higher fuel, operating and maintenance costs, or could be passed on to customers through revised rates. Staff reductions may reduce Allegheny’s workforce below the level needed to effectively manage its
business and service its customers. Allegheny’s failure to realize the anticipated benefits of its cost-savings initiatives could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 

41 

Table of Contents