Allegheny is subject to a variety of significant risks in
addition to the matters set forth under “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” above. Allegheny’s susceptibility to certain risks could exacerbate other risks. These risk factors should be considered carefully in
evaluating Allegheny’s risk profile. Risks applicable to Allegheny include: 

Risks Relating to Regulation 

Allegheny is subject to substantial governmental regulation. Compliance with current and future regulatory requirements and procurement of necessary approvals,
permits and certificates may result in substantial costs to Allegheny, and failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals could have an adverse effect on its business. 

Allegheny is subject to substantial regulation from federal, state and local regulatory agencies. Allegheny is required to comply with numerous laws and
regulations and to obtain numerous authorizations, permits, approvals and certificates from governmental agencies. These agencies regulate various aspects of Allegheny’s business, including customer rates, services, retail service territories,
generation plant operations, sales of securities, asset sales and accounting policies and practices. Although Allegheny believes the necessary authorizations, permits, approvals and certificates have been obtained for Allegheny’s existing
operations and that Allegheny’s business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws, it cannot predict the impact of any future revisions or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations
applicable to it. See “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny” above. 

Changes in regulations or the imposition of additional
regulations could influence Allegheny’s operating environment and may result in substantial costs to Allegheny. 

Allegheny’s costs to comply
with environmental laws are significant. New environmental laws and regulations, or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, could impose more stringent limitations on Allegheny’s generation operations or require it to incur
significant additional costs. The cost of compliance with present and future environmental laws could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business. 

Allegheny’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources and site
remediation. Compliance with these laws and regulations may require Allegheny to expend significant financial resources to, among other things, meet air emission standards, conduct site remediation, perform environmental monitoring, purchase
emission allowances, use alternative fuels and modulate operations of its generation facilities in order to reduce emissions. If Allegheny fails to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, even if it is unable to do so due to
factors beyond its control, it may be subject to civil liabilities or criminal penalties and may be required to incur significant expenditures to come into compliance. Either result could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results
of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, any alleged violations of environmental laws and regulations may require Allegheny to expend significant resources defending itself against such alleged violations. 

Allegheny’s compliance with the Clean Air Act has required, and may require in the future, that Allegheny install post-combustion control
technologies on many of its generation facilities. The Clean Air Interstate Rule, or “CAIR,” promulgated by the EPA on March 10, 2005, may accelerate the need to install this equipment by phasing out a portion of currently available
allowances. Allegheny continues to evaluate options for compliance, and current plans include the potential installation of Scrubbers at its Hatfield’s Ferry and Fort Martin generation facilities by 2009 and the elimination of a Scrubber bypass
at its Pleasants generation facility by 2008. The installation of Scrubbers at the Hatfield’s Ferry and Fort Martin generation facilities will be subject to various implementation and financial risks. See “Capital Expenditures” and
“Environmental Matters” above. 

43 

Carbon dioxide, or “CO
2

,” is one of the greenhouse gases implicated in global climate change. Allegheny’s generation facilities are primarily
coal-fired facilities and, therefore, emit CO
2

 as coal is consumed. Federal legislation and implementing regulations
addressing climate change may be adopted some time in the future, and such legislation may include limits on emissions of CO
2

. Allegheny can provide no assurance that such limits, if imposed, will be set at levels that can accommodate its generation facilities absent the installation of controls. Furthermore, there is no current technology that enables
control of such emissions from existing pulverized, coal-fired power plants, which constitute the majority of Allegheny’s generation fleet. Such technology may not become available within a timeframe consistent with the implementation of any
future climate control legislation or at all. To the extent that such technology does become available, Allegheny can provide no assurance that it will be suitable for installation at Allegheny’s generation facilities on a cost effective basis
or at all. See “Environmental Matters” above. 

In March 2005, the EPA issued the Clean Air Mercury Rule, or “CAMR,”
establishing a cap and trade system designed to reduce mercury emissions from coal-fired power plants. In addition, the PA DEP proposed a more aggressive mercury control rule in June 2006. Allegheny is currently assessing the impact that these rules
may have on its operations. Pennsylvania’s proposed shortened compliance schedule and more aggressive emissions limits might result in the installation of additional emission controls at any of Allegheny’s three Pennsylvania coal-fired
facilities or in a change in fuel specifications. Controls might include Scrubbers, activated carbon injection, selective catalytic reduction or other currently emerging technologies. See “Environmental Matters” above. 

Applicable standards under the EPA’s NSR initiatives remain in flux. Under the Clean Air Act, modification of Allegheny’s generation facilities
in a manner that causes increased emissions could subject Allegheny’s existing facilities to the far more stringent NSR standards applicable to new facilities. The EPA has taken the view that many companies, including many energy producers,
have been modifying emissions sources in violation of NSR standards in connection with work believed by the companies to be routine maintenance. If NSR requirements are imposed on Allegheny’s generation facilities, in addition to the possible
imposition of fines, compliance would entail significant capital investments in pollution control technology. See “Environmental Matters” above. 

On May 20, 2004, AE, AE Supply, Monongahela and West Penn received a Notice of Intent to Sue Pursuant to Clean Air Act §7604 from the Attorneys General of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut and from the PA
DEP. The Notice alleged that Allegheny made major modifications to some of its West Virginia facilities in violation of the PSD provisions of the Clean Air Act at the following coal-fired facilities: Albright Unit No. 3; Fort Martin Units
No. 1 and 2; Harrison Units No. 1, 2 and 3; Pleasants Units No. 1 and 2 and Willow Island Unit No. 2. The Notice also alleged PSD violations at the Armstrong, Hatfield’s Ferry and Mitchell generation facilities in
Pennsylvania and identifies PA DEP as the lead agency regarding those facilities. On September 8, 2004, AE, AE Supply, Monongahela and West Penn received a separate Notice of Intent to Sue from the Maryland Attorney General that essentially
mirrored the previous Notice. 

On January 6, 2005, AE Supply and Monongahela filed the West Virginia DJ Action. This action requests
that the court declare that AE Supply’s and Monongahela’s coal-fired generation facilities in Pennsylvania and West Virginia comply with the Clean Air Act. The Attorneys General filed a motion to dismiss the West Virginia DJ Action. It is
possible that the EPA and other state authorities may join or move to transfer the West Virginia DJ Action. On June 28, 2005, the PA DEP and the Attorneys General of New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Maryland filed the PA Enforcement
Action. This action alleges NSR violations under the federal Clean Air Act and the Pennsylvania Air Pollution Control Act at the Hatfield’s Ferry, Armstrong and Mitchell facilities in Pennsylvania. The PA Enforcement Action appears to raise the
same issues regarding Allegheny’s Pennsylvania generation facilities that are before the Court in the West Virginia DJ Action, except that the PA Enforcement Action also includes the PA DEP and the Maryland Attorney General. 

Allegheny intends to vigorously pursue and defend against the environmental matters described above but cannot predict their outcomes. 

44 

In addition, Allegheny incurs costs to obtain and comply with a variety of environmental permits,
licenses, inspections and other approvals. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approval, or if Allegheny fails to obtain, maintain or comply with any required approval, operations at affected facilities could be
halted, curtailed or subjected to additional costs. 

For additional information regarding environmental matters, see “Environmental
Matters” above. 

Shifting state and federal regulatory policies impose risks on Allegheny’s operations. Delays, discontinuations or reversals
of electricity market restructurings in the markets in which Allegheny operates could have an adverse effect on its business. 

Allegheny’s operations are subject to evolving regulatory policies, including initiatives regarding deregulation and re-regulation of the production and sale of electricity and the restructuring of transmission regulation. Any new
requirements arising from these actions could lead to increased operating expenses and capital expenditures, the amount of which cannot be predicted at this time. 

Some deregulated electricity markets in which Allegheny operates have experienced price volatility. In some of these markets, government agencies and other interested parties have made proposals to delay market
restructuring or even re-regulate areas of these markets that have previously been deregulated. Although we expect the deregulated electricity markets to remain competitive, other proposals to re-regulate our industry may be made, and legislative or
other action affecting the electric power restructuring process may cause the process to be delayed, discontinued or reversed in the states in which we operate. Delays, discontinuations or reversals of electricity market restructurings in the
markets in which Allegheny operates could have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. At a minimum, these types of actions raise uncertainty concerning the continued development of competitive
power markets. Given Allegheny’s multi-state operations and asset base, re-regulation of restructured obligations could prove intricate, time-consuming and costly to ongoing operations. 

In addition, as a result of FERC’s efforts to implement a long-term rate design for the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic regions, the Distribution Companies
may not fully recover their transmission costs and may have costs shifted to them from other transmission owners. Due to capped rates and the timing of state rate cases, the Distribution Companies may not be able to pass through increased
transmission costs to these retail customers for some period of time. See “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny” above. 

State rate
regulation may delay or deny full recovery of costs and impose risks on Allegheny’s operations. Any denial of, or delay in, cost recovery could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business. 

The retail rates in the states in which Allegheny operates are set by each state’s regulatory body. As a result, in certain states, Allegheny may
not be able to recover increased, unexpected or necessary costs and, even if Allegheny is able to do so, there may be a significant delay between the time Allegheny incurs such costs and the time Allegheny is allowed to recover them. Any denial of,
or delay in, cost recovery could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Maryland

In Maryland, Potomac Edison’s residential customer rates are capped until December 31, 2008. Furthermore, Potomac
Edison’s contract with AE Supply for generation services contains a limited exposure to changing market rates through the residential rate cap period. On June 23, 2006, the Maryland legislature, acting in a special session, passed
emergency legislation that, among other things, requires the Maryland PSC to investigate options available to implement a rate mitigation or rate stabilization plan for Potomac Edison for the period after its capped residential rate expires on
December 31, 2008, including the renegotiation of a settlement agreement to allow a portion of the residential electric supply in Potomac Edison’s Maryland service territory to be procured at market rates earlier than otherwise provided in
its settlement agreement, so that residential electricity rates are exposed to market prices more gradually, rather than all at one time, while ensuring that customers obtain the full value of the savings provided under the existing rate cap.

45 

On December 29, 2006, Potomac Edison proposed a rate stabilization and transition plan for its
Maryland residential customers, in accordance with the legislation passed by the Maryland legislature. Potomac Edison’s plan will gradually transition its residential customers from capped generation rates to generation rates based on market
prices, while at the same time preserving for customers the benefit of previous rate caps. Potomac Edison’s proposed transition plan is subject to final approval by the Maryland PSC. Potomac Edison has requested that the Maryland PSC approve
the plan to be effective beginning March 31, 2007. Allegheny can provide no assurance that the proposed plan will be implemented or that any alternative plan that may be implemented will not have an adverse effect on its business. See
“Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny” above. 

Virginia 

Potomac Edison’s Virginia generation rates were originally capped until July 1, 2007, but this cap was extended by legislation until
December 31, 2010. Potomac Edison has a power purchase agreement with AE Supply to provide Potomac Edison with the amount of electricity necessary to meet its Virginia PLR retail obligations until July 1, 2007 at capped generation rates.
Beginning July 1, 2007, Potomac Edison will purchase its PLR requirements from the wholesale market at market prices. Market prices for purchased power at that time may be significantly higher than the rates Potomac Edison will be allowed to
recover from its retail customers. 

Allegheny believes that the generation rates that Potomac Edison will be able to charge its Virginia
customers beginning on July 1, 2007 will be based on its cost of purchased power. However, based upon a memorandum of understanding between the Virginia SCC and Potomac Edison entered into at the time of the transfer of Potomac Edison’s
generation facilities to AE Supply in 2000, the Virginia SCC may find that the generation rates Potomac Edison is able to charge for a certain portion of the power that it purchases, currently estimated to be approximately 2.2 million MWhs per
year, would be limited to a price based upon a calculation of the cost to generate that power from the generation facilities that Potomac Edison previously owned. For the remainder of its power purchases, which it currently estimates to be
approximately 1.1 million MWhs per year, Potomac Edison is permitted to petition the Virginia SCC to recover from its Virginia customers the cost of purchasing such power beginning July 1, 2007. There can be no assurance that Potomac
Edison will be able to recover any or all of the cost of power purchases in excess of the capped generation rates that it is currently permitted to charge its Virginia customers. The inability to recover such costs may have an adverse affect on
Allegheny’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

West Virginia 

The West Virginia PSC sets Monongahela’s and Potomac Edison’s rates in West Virginia through traditional, cost-based regulated utility
ratemaking. As part of Monongahela’s efforts to spur deregulation in West Virginia, which ultimately was not implemented, it agreed to terminate its fuel clause effective July 1, 2000. Thus, to recover increased, unexpected or necessary
costs, including increased coal and other raw material costs, Monongahela must file for approval from the West Virginia PSC to recover such costs or to reinstate its fuel clause. There can be no assurance that Monongahela will be able to recover
such costs or reinstate its fuel clause under the ratemaking process. Even if Monongahela is able to recover costs, there may be a significant delay between the time that it incurs such costs and the time that it is allowed to recover such costs.
Any inability to recover, or delay in the recovery of, these costs could have a material adverse effect on Monongahela’s financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

On July 26, 2006, Potomac Edison and Monongahela filed a request with the West Virginia PSC to increase their West Virginia retail rates by
approximately $99.8 million annually, effective on August 25, 2006. The request includes a $126 million increase in rates related to fuel and purchased power costs, including reinstatement of a cost recovery clause, adjustable annually, to
reflect upward or downward changes in the cost of fuel and purchased power, and a $26 million decrease in transmission, distribution and generation (non-fuel) rates. The hearing in this matter was held the week of February 12, 2007. The new
rates, as approved by the West Virginia PSC, will go into effect on May 23, 2007. Allegheny can provide no assurance that this rate increase request will be approved. Any failure to receive such an approval in whole or in part may have an
adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

46 

The TrAIL Project is subject to permitting and state regulatory approvals. 

Allegheny may not construct TrAIL without the prior approval of the Pennsylvania PUC, the Virginia SCC, the West Virginia PSC and possibly the Maryland
PSC. In addition, Allegheny has applied to the DOE to designate TrAIL as a National Interest Electric Transmission Corridor. Allegheny can provide no assurance that it will be able to obtain either the requisite state approvals or the National
Interest Electric Transmission Corridor designation from the DOE. The inability to obtain any such state approval or the National Interest Electric Transmission Corridor designation may have an adverse affect on Allegheny’s business, results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition. See “Regulatory Framework Affecting Allegheny” above. 

Allegheny is from time to time subject
to federal or state tax audits the resolution of which could have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s financial condition. 

Allegheny
is subject to periodic audits and examinations by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and other state and local taxing authorities. Determinations and expenses related to these audits and examinations and other proceedings by
the IRS and other state and local taxing authorities could materially and adversely affect Allegheny's financial condition. 

Risks
Related to Allegheny’s Leverage and Financing Needs 

Covenants contained in certain of Allegheny’s financing agreements restrict its
operating, financing and investing activities. 

Allegheny’s principal financing agreements contain restrictive covenants that
limit its ability to, among other things: 

•

 borrow funds; 

•

 incur liens and guarantee debt; 

•

 enter into a merger or other change of control transaction; 

•

 make investments; 

•

 dispose of assets; and 

•

 pay dividends and other distributions on its equity securities. 

These agreements limit Allegheny’s ability to implement strategic decisions, including its ability to access capital markets or sell assets without using the proceeds to reduce debt. In addition, Allegheny is
required to meet certain financial tests under some of its loan agreements, including interest coverage ratios and leverage ratios. Allegheny’s failure to comply with the covenants contained in its financing agreements could result in an event
of default, which could materially and adversely affect its financial condition. 

Allegheny’s leverage could adversely affect its ability to
operate successfully and meet contractual obligations. 

Although Allegheny reduced debt by approximately $2.4 billion between
December 1, 2003 and December 31, 2006, Allegheny still has substantial leverage. At December 31, 2006, Allegheny had $3.6 billion of debt on a consolidated basis. Approximately $2.2 billion represented debt of AE Supply and AGC, and
the remainder constituted debt of one or more of the Distribution Companies. 

Allegheny’s leverage could have important consequences
to it. For example, it could: 

•

 make it more difficult for Allegheny to satisfy its obligations under the agreements governing its debt; 

47 

•

 require Allegheny to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow to payments on its debt, thereby reducing the availability of its cash flow for working
capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; 

•

 limit Allegheny’s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business, regulatory environment and the industry in which it operates;

•

 place Allegheny at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors that have less leverage; 

•

 limit Allegheny’s ability to borrow additional funds; and 

•

 increase Allegheny’s vulnerability to general adverse economic, regulatory and industry conditions. 

Allegheny may be unable to engage in desired financing transactions. 

Allegheny has substantial debt service obligations for the foreseeable future and may need to engage in refinancing and capital-raising transactions in order to pay interest and retire principal. Allegheny also may
undertake other types of financing transactions in order to meet its other financial needs. Allegheny may be unable to successfully complete financing transactions due to a number of factors, including: 

•

 its credit ratings, many of which are currently below investment grade; 

•

 its overall financial condition and results of its operations; and 

•

 volatility in the capital markets. 

Allegheny currently anticipates that, in order to repay the principal of its outstanding debt and meet its other obligations, it may undertake one or more financing alternatives, such as refinancing or restructuring its debt, selling
assets, reducing or delaying capital investments or raising additional capital. Allegheny can provide no assurance that it can complete any of these types of financing transactions on terms satisfactory to it or at all, that any financing
transaction would enable it to pay the interest or principal on its debt or meet its other financial needs or that any of these alternatives would be permitted under the terms of the agreements governing its outstanding debt. 

Changes in prevailing market conditions or in Allegheny’s access to commodities markets may make it difficult for Allegheny to hedge its physical power supply
commitments and resource requirements. 

In the past, unfavorable market conditions, coupled with Allegheny’s credit position, made
it difficult for Allegheny to hedge its power supply obligations and fuel requirements. Although substantial improvements have been made in Allegheny’s market positions over the past few years, significant unanticipated changes in commodity
market liquidity and/or Allegheny’s access to the commodity markets could adversely impact Allegheny’s ability to hedge its portfolio of physical generation assets and load obligations. In the absence of effective hedges for these
purposes, Allegheny must balance its portfolio in the spot markets, which are volatile and can yield different results than expected. 

Allegheny’s risk management, wholesale marketing, fuel procurement and energy trading activities, including its decisions to enter into power sales or purchase agreements, rely on models that depend on judgments and assumptions
regarding factors such as generation facility availability, future market prices, weather and the demand for electricity and other energy-related commodities. Even when Allegheny’s policies and procedures are followed and decisions are made
based on these models, Allegheny’s financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected if the judgments and assumptions underlying those models prove to be inaccurate. 

Allegheny is dependent on its ability to successfully access capital markets. Any inability to access capital may adversely affect Allegheny’s business.

Allegheny relies on access to the capital markets as a source of liquidity and to satisfy any of its capital requirements that are not
met by the cash flow from its operations. Capital market disruptions, or a downgrade in 

48 

Allegheny’s credit ratings, could increase Allegheny’s cost of borrowing or could adversely affect its ability to access one or more financial
markets. Causes of disruption to the capital markets could include, but are not limited to: 

•

 a recession or an economic slowdown; 

•

 the bankruptcy of one or more energy companies or highly-leveraged companies; 

•

 significant increases in the prices for oil or other fuel; 

•

 a terrorist attack or threatened attacks; 

•

 a significant transmission failure; or 

•

 changes in technology. 

Risks
Relating to Allegheny’s Operations 

Allegheny’s generation facilities are subject to unplanned outages and significant maintenance
requirements. 

The operation of power generation facilities involves certain risks, including the risk of breakdown or failure of
equipment, fuel interruption and performance below expected levels of output or efficiency. If Allegheny’s facilities, or the facilities of other parties upon which it depends, operate below expectations, Allegheny may lose revenues, have
increased expenses or fail to receive or deliver the amount of power for which it has contracted. 

Many of Allegheny’s facilities were
originally constructed many years ago. Older equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good engineering practices, may require significant capital expenditures to operate at peak efficiency or availability. If Allegheny underestimates
required maintenance expenditures or is unable to make required capital expenditures due to liquidity constraints, it risks incurring more frequent unplanned outages, higher than anticipated maintenance expenditures, increased operation at higher
cost of some of its less efficient generation facilities and the need to purchase power from third parties to meet its supply obligations, possibly at times when the market price for power is high. 

Allegheny’s operating results are subject to seasonal and weather fluctuations. 

The sale of power generation output is generally a seasonal business, and weather patterns can have a material impact on Allegheny’s operating
results. Demand for electricity peaks during the summer and winter months, and market prices typically also peak during these times. During periods of peak demand, the capacity of Allegheny’s generation facilities may be inadequate to meet its
contractual obligations, which could require it to purchase power at a time when the market price for power is high. In addition, although the operational costs associated with the Delivery and Services segment are not weather-sensitive, the
segment’s revenues are subject to seasonal fluctuation. Accordingly, Allegheny’s annual results and liquidity position may depend disproportionately on its performance during the winter and summer. 

Extreme weather or events outside of Allegheny’s service territory can also have a direct effect on the commodity markets. Events, such as
hurricanes, that disrupt the supply of commodities used as fuel impact the price and availability of energy commodities and can have a material impact on Allegheny’s business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.

Allegheny’s revenues, costs and results of operations are subject to other risks beyond its control, including, but not limited to, accidents,
storms, natural catastrophes and terrorism. 

Much of the value of Allegheny’s business consists of its portfolio of power
generation and T&D assets. Allegheny’s ability to conduct its operations depends on the integrity of these assets. The cost of repairing damage to its facilities due to storms, natural disasters, wars, terrorist acts and other catastrophic
events may exceed available 

49 

insurance, if any, for repairs, which may adversely impact Allegheny’s results of operations and financial condition. Although Allegheny has taken, and
will continue to take, reasonable precautions to safeguard these assets, Allegheny can make no assurance that its facilities will not face damage or disruptions or that it will have sufficient insurance, if any, to cover the cost of repairs. In
addition, in the current geopolitical climate, enhanced concern regarding the risks of terrorism throughout the economy may impact Allegheny’s operations in unpredictable ways. Insurance coverage may not cover costs associated with any of these
risks adequately or at all. While T&D losses may be recoverable through regulatory proceedings, the delay and uncertainty of any such recovery could have a material adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, financial condition, cash flow and
results of operations. 

The terms of AE Supply’s power sale agreements with Potomac Edison and West Penn could require AE Supply to sell power
below its costs or prevailing market prices or require Potomac Edison and West Penn to purchase power at a price above which they can sell power, and the terms of Potomac Edison’s power supply agreement with Monongahela could require Potomac
Edison to purchase power at a price above which it can sell power to its West Virginia customers. 

In connection with regulations
governing the transition to market competition, Potomac Edison and West Penn are required to provide electricity at capped rates to certain retail customers who do not choose an alternate electricity generation supplier or who return to utility
service from alternate suppliers. Potomac Edison and West Penn satisfy the majority of these obligations by purchasing power under contracts with external counterparties, or their affiliate, AE Supply. Those contracts provide for the supply of a
significant portion of their energy needs at the mandated capped rates and for the supply of a specified remaining portion at rates based on market prices. The amount of energy priced at market rates increases over each contract term. The majority
of AE Supply’s normal operating capacity is dedicated to these contracts. 

These power supply agreements present risks for both AE
Supply and the utilities. At times, AE Supply may not earn as much as it otherwise could by selling power priced at its contract rates to Potomac Edison and West Penn instead of into competitive wholesale markets. In addition, AE Supply’s
obligations under these power supply agreements could exceed its available generation capacity, which may require AE Supply to buy power at prices that are higher than the sale prices in the power supply agreements. Conversely, the utilities’
capped rates may be below current wholesale market prices through the applicable transition periods. As a consequence, Potomac Edison and West Penn may at times pay more for power than they can charge retail customers and may be unable to pass the
excess costs on to their retail customers. Changes in customer switching behavior could also alter both AE Supply’s and the utilities’ obligations under these agreements. 

Additionally, Potomac Edison has a power supply agreement with Monongahela under which Monongahela is required to supply to Potomac Edison the power
necessary for Potomac Edison to serve its West Virginia customers. In West Virginia, the rates charged to retail customers are regulated by the West Virginia PSC and are determined through traditional, cost-based, regulated utility rate-making.
Although Potomac Edison and Monongahela recently filed a request with the West Virginia PSC to increase their rates in West Virginia, it is possible that Potomac Edison may not be permitted to recover from its West Virginia customers the full cost
of purchasing power under the terms of this agreement. 

The supply and price of fuel and emissions credits may impact Allegheny’s financial
results. 

Allegheny is dependent on coal for much of its electric generation capacity. Allegheny has coal supply contracts in place
that partially mitigate its exposure to negative fluctuations in coal prices. Allegheny can provide no assurance, however, that the counterparties to these agreements will fulfill their obligations to supply coal. The suppliers under these
agreements may experience financial or technical problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations. Various industry and operational factors, including increased costs, transportation constraints, safety issues and operational
difficulties may have negative effects on coal supplier performance. In addition, the suppliers under these agreements may not be required to supply coal to Allegheny under certain circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. If
Allegheny is unable to obtain its coal requirements under these contracts, it may be required to purchase coal at higher prices, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.

50 

Based on current forecasts, Allegheny estimates
that it may have exposure to the SO
2

 allowance market in 2007 of about 30,000 to 50,000 tons and may have exposure
in 2008 of between 85,000 and 120,000 tons. The exposure of Monongahela is expected to be 70% and 50% of Allegheny’s exposure in 2007 and 2008, respectively. Allegheny’s allowance needs, to a large extent, are affected at any given time by
the amount of output produced and the types of fuel used by its generation facilities, as well as the implementation of environmental controls. Therefore, there can be no assurance that Allegheny’s need to purchase SO
2

 allowances for these periods will not vary from current estimates. Fluctuations in the availability or cost of emission
allowances could have a material adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. See “Environmental Matters” above. 

Allegheny is currently involved in capital intensive projects that may involve various implementation and financial risks. 

Allegheny currently is involved in a number of capital intensive projects, including the TrAIL Project and the installation of Scrubbers at the Fort Martin and Hatfield’s Ferry generation facilities.
Allegheny’s ability to successfully and timely complete these projects within established budgets is contingent upon many variables. Failure to complete these projects as planned may have an adverse effect on Allegheny’s business, results
of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

Additionally, Allegheny has contracted, or expects to contract, with specialized vendors
to acquire some of the necessary materials and construction related services in order to accomplish the installation of Scrubbers at the Fort Martin and Hatfield’s Ferry generation facilities and may in the future enter into additional such
contracts with respect to these and other capital projects, including the TrAIL Project. As such, Allegheny is exposed to the risk that these contractors may not perform as required under their contracts. Should this occur, Allegheny may be forced
to find alternate arrangements, which may cause delay and/or increased costs. Furthermore, Allegheny can provide no assurance that it would be able to make such alternate arrangements on terms acceptable to it or at all. 

Allegheny is currently involved in significant litigation that, if not decided favorably to Allegheny, could have a material adverse effect on its results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Allegheny is currently involved in a number of lawsuits, some of which may be
significant. Allegheny intends to vigorously pursue these matters, but the results of these lawsuits cannot be determined. Adverse outcomes in these lawsuits could require Allegheny to make significant expenditures and could have a material adverse
effect on its financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. See “Legal Proceedings” below. 

The Distribution Companies and other
AE subsidiaries are and may become subject to legal claims arising from the presence of asbestos or other regulated substances at some of their facilities. 

The Distribution Companies have been named as defendants in pending asbestos litigation involving multiple plaintiffs and multiple defendants. In addition, asbestos and other regulated substances are, and may continue
to be, present at Allegheny-owned facilities where suitable alternative materials are not available. Allegheny’s management believes that any remaining asbestos at Allegheny-owned facilities is contained. The continued presence of asbestos and
other regulated substances at Allegheny-owned facilities, however, could result in additional actions being brought against Allegheny. See “Legal Proceedings” below and Note 17, “Asset Retirement Obligations,” to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

Adverse investment returns and other factors may increase Allegheny’s pension liability and pension funding requirements.

Substantially all of Allegheny’s employees are covered by a defined benefit pension plan. At present, the pension plan is
underfunded in that the projected pension benefit obligation exceeds the aggregate fair value of plan assets. Under applicable law, Allegheny is required to make cash contributions to the extent necessary to 

51 

comply with minimum funding requirements imposed by regulatory requirements. The amount of such required cash contribution is based on an actuarial valuation
of the plan. The funded status of the plan can be affected by investment returns on plan assets, discount rates, mortality rates of plan participants, pension reform legislation and a number of other factors. There can be no assurance that the value
of Allegheny’s pension plan assets will be sufficient to cover future liabilities. It is possible that Allegheny could incur a significant pension liability adjustment, or could be required to make significant additional cash contributions to
its plan, which would reduce the cash available for business and other needs. 

Changes in PJM market policies and rules may impact Allegheny’s
financial results. 

Because Allegheny has transferred functional control of its transmission facilities to PJM and Allegheny is a load
serving entity within the PJM Region and owns generation within the PJM Region, changes in PJM policies and/or market rules, including changes that are currently under consideration by FERC, could adversely affect Allegheny’s financial results.
These matters include changes involving: the terms, conditions and pricing of transmission services; construction of transmission enhancements; auction of long-term financial transmission rights and the allocation mechanism for the auction revenues;
changes in the locational marginal pricing mechanism; changes in transmission congestion patterns due to the proposed implementation of PJM’s regional transmission expansion planning protocol or other required transmission system upgrades; new
generation retirement rules and reliability pricing issues. Furthermore, deterioration in the credit quality of other PJM members could negatively impact Allegheny’s performance. 

Energy companies are subject to adverse publicity, which may make Allegheny vulnerable to negative regulatory and litigation outcomes. 

The energy sector has been the subject of highly-publicized allegations of misconduct. Negative publicity of this nature may make legislators, regulators
and courts less likely to view energy companies favorably, which could cause them to make decisions or take actions that are adverse to Allegheny. 

Risks Relating to Operational Enhancements 

Refocusing its business subjects Allegheny to risks and uncertainties. 

Allegheny has implemented significant changes to its operations as part of its overall strategy to function as an integrated utility company, to the
extent practicable and permissible under relevant regulatory constraints. For example, Allegheny has disposed of certain non-core assets, reduced the size of its workforce, made substantial changes to senior management and undertaken the
implementation of a new company-wide enterprise resource planning system. Additional changes to Allegheny’s business will be considered as management seeks to strengthen financial and operational performance. These changes may be disruptive to
Allegheny’s established organizational culture and systems. In addition, consideration and planning of strategic changes diverts management attention and other resources from day to day operations. 

Allegheny may fail to realize the benefits that it expects from its cost-savings initiatives. 

Allegheny has undertaken and expects to continue to undertake cost-savings initiatives. However, Allegheny can make no assurance that it will realize
ongoing cost savings or any other benefits from these initiatives. Even if Allegheny realizes the benefits of its cost savings initiatives, any cash savings that it achieves may be offset by other costs, such as environmental compliance costs and
higher fuel, operating and maintenance costs, or could be passed on to customers through revised rates. Staff reductions may reduce Allegheny’s workforce below the level needed to effectively manage its business and service its customers.
Allegheny’s failure to realize the anticipated benefits of its cost-savings initiatives could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 

52