Our business is subject to a variety of risks. Set forth below are certain of the important risks
that we face, the occurrence of which could have a material, adverse effect on our business. These
risks are not the only ones we face. Our business could also be affected by additional factors that
are presently unknown to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial to our business.

If demand for our products slows, then our business may be materially affected.

Demand for products sold by our stores depends on many factors, including:

•

the number of vehicles in current service, including those that are seven years old and
older. These vehicles are generally no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers’
warranties and tend to need more maintenance and repair than younger vehicles.

•

rising energy prices. Increases in energy prices may cause our customers to defer
purchases of certain of our products as they use a higher percentage of their income to pay
for gasoline and other energy costs.

•

the economy. In periods of rapidly declining economic conditions, both retail (DIY) and
commercial (DIFM) customers may defer vehicle maintenance or repair. Additionally, such
conditions may affect our customers’ ability to obtain credit. During periods of
expansionary economic conditions, more of our DIY customers may pay others to repair and
maintain their cars instead of working on their own vehicles or they may purchase new
vehicles.

•

the weather. Mild weather conditions may lower the failure rates of automotive parts,
while wet conditions may cause our customers to defer maintenance and repair on their
vehicles. Extremely hot or cold conditions may enhance demand for our products due to
increased failure rates of our customers’ automotive parts.

•

technological advances. Advances in automotive technology and parts design could result
in cars needing maintenance less frequently and parts lasting longer.

For the long term, demand for our products may be affected by:

•

the number of miles vehicles are driven annually. Higher vehicle mileage increases the
need for maintenance and repair. Mileage levels may be affected by gas prices and other
factors.

•

the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the
length of the warranties or maintenance offered on new vehicles; and

•

restrictions on access to diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the
original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation.

All of these factors could result in immediate and longer term declines in the demand for our
products, which could adversely affect our sales, cash flows and overall financial condition.

If we are unable to compete successfully against other businesses that sell the products that we
sell, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.

The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive and is based
on many factors, including name recognition, product availability, customer service, store location
and price. Competitors are opening locations near our existing stores. AutoZone competes as a
provider in both the DIY and DIFM auto parts and accessories markets.

Competitors include national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts
stores, on-line parts stores, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition to
discount and mass merchandise stores, hardware stores, supermarkets, drugstores, convenience stores
and home stores that sell aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals, accessories, tools and
maintenance parts. Although we believe we compete effectively on the basis of customer service,
including the knowledge and expertise of our AutoZoners; merchandise quality, selection and
availability; product warranty; store layout, location and convenience; price; and the strength of
our AutoZone brand name, trademarks and service marks; some competitors may gain competitive
advantages, such as greater financial and marketing resources allowing them to sell automotive
products at lower prices, larger stores with more merchandise, longer operating histories, more
frequent customer visits and more effective
advertising. If we are unable to continue to develop successful competitive strategies, or if our
competitors develop more effective strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits
may decline.

11

Table of Contents

We may not be able to sustain our recent rate of sales growth.

We have increased our store count in the past five fiscal years, growing from 3,871 stores at
August 26, 2006, to 4,813 stores at August 27, 2011, an average store count increase per year of
5%. Additionally, we have increased annual revenues in the past five fiscal years from $5.948
billion in fiscal 2006 to $8.073 billion in fiscal 2011, an average increase per year of 7%. Annual
revenue growth is driven by the opening of new stores and increases in same-store sales. We open
new stores only after evaluating customer buying trends and market demand/needs, all of which could
be adversely affected by continued job losses, wage cuts, small business failures and microeconomic
conditions unique to the automotive industry. Same store sales are impacted both by customer demand
levels and by the prices we are able to charge for our products, which can also be negatively
impacted by continued recessionary pressures. We cannot provide any assurance that we will continue
to open stores at historical rates or continue to achieve increases in same-store sales.

If we cannot profitably increase our market share in the commercial auto parts business, our sales
growth may be limited.

Although we are one of the largest sellers of auto parts in the commercial market, to increase
commercial sales we must compete against national and regional auto parts chains, independently
owned parts stores, wholesalers and jobbers and auto dealers. Although we believe we compete
effectively on the basis of customer service, merchandise quality, selection and availability,
price, product warranty, distribution locations, and the strength of our AutoZone brand name,
trademarks and service marks, some automotive aftermarket jobbers have been in business for
substantially longer periods of time than we have, have developed long-term customer relationships
and have large available inventories. If we are unable to profitably develop new commercial
customers, our sales growth may be limited.

Deterioration in the global credit markets, changes in our credit ratings and macroeconomic factors
could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Our short-term and long-term debt is rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. These
investment-grade credit ratings have historically allowed us to take advantage of lower interest
rates and other favorable terms on our short-term credit lines, in our senior debt offerings and in
the commercial paper markets. To maintain our investment-grade ratings, we are required to meet
certain financial performance ratios. An increase in our debt and/or a decline in our earnings
could result in downgrades in our credit ratings. A downgrade in our credit ratings could limit our
access to public debt markets, limit the institutions willing to provide credit facilities to us,
result in more restrictive financial and other covenants in our public and private debt and would
likely significantly increase our overall borrowing costs and adversely affect our earnings.

Moreover, significant deterioration in the financial condition of large financial institutions in
calendar years 2008 and 2009 resulted in a severe loss of liquidity and availability of credit in
global credit markets and in more stringent borrowing terms. During brief time intervals in the
fourth quarter of calendar 2008 and the first quarter of calendar 2009, there was no liquidity in
the commercial paper markets, resulting in an absence of commercial paper buyers and
extraordinarily high interest rates on commercial paper. We can provide no assurance that credit
market events such as those that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2008 and the first quarter of
2009 will not occur again in the foreseeable future. Conditions and events in the global credit
market could have a material adverse effect on our access to short-term debt and the terms and cost
of that debt.

Macroeconomic conditions also impact both our customers and our suppliers. Job growth in the United
States has stagnated and unemployment has remained at historically high levels during the past
three years. Continued recessionary conditions could result in additional job losses and business
failures, which could result in our loss of certain small business customers and curtailment of
spending by our retail customers. In addition, continued distress in global credit markets,
business failures and other recessionary conditions could have a material adverse effect on the
ability of our suppliers to obtain necessary short and long-term financing to meet our inventory
demands. Moreover, rising energy prices could impact our merchandise distribution, commercial
delivery, utility and product costs. All of these macroeconomic conditions could adversely affect
our sales growth, margins and overhead, which could adversely affect our financial condition and
operations.

12

Table of Contents

Our business depends upon hiring and retaining qualified employees.

We believe that much of our brand value lies in the quality of the more than 65,000 AutoZoners
employed in our stores, distribution centers, store support centers and ALLDATA. We cannot be
assured that we can continue to hire and retain qualified employees at current wage rates. If we
are unable to hire, properly train and/or retain qualified employees, we could experience higher
employment costs, reduced sales, losses of customers and diminution of our brand, which could
adversely affect our earnings. If we do not maintain competitive wages, our customer service could
suffer due to a declining quality of our workforce or, alternatively, our earnings could decrease
if we increase our wage rates.

Inability to acquire and provide quality merchandise could adversely affect our sales and results
of operations.

We are dependent upon our vendors continuing to supply us with quality merchandise. If our
merchandise offerings do not meet our customers’ expectations regarding quality and safety, we
could experience lost sales, increased costs and exposure to legal and reputational risk. All of
our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure
that the products we buy comply with all safety and quality standards. Events that give rise to
actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement
action or private litigation and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. In
addition, negative customer perceptions regarding the safety or quality of the products we sell
could cause our customers to seek alternative sources for their needs, resulting in lost sales. In
those circumstances, it may be difficult and costly for us to regain the confidence of our
customers. Moreover, if any of our significant vendors experience financial difficulties or
otherwise are unable to deliver merchandise to us on a timely basis, or at all, we could have
product shortages in our stores that could adversely affect customers’ perceptions of us and cause
us to lose customers and sales.

Our largest stockholder, as a result of its voting ownership, may have the ability to exert
substantial influence over actions to be taken or approved by our stockholders.

As of October 17, 2011, ESL Investments, Inc. and certain of its affiliates (together, “ESL”)
beneficially owned approximately 29.3% of our outstanding common stock. As a result, ESL may have
the ability to exert substantial influence over actions to be taken or approved by our
stockholders, including the election of directors and potential change of control transactions. In
the future, ESL may acquire or sell shares of common stock and thereby increase or decrease its
ownership stake in us. Significant fluctuations in their level of ownership could have an impact on
our share price.

In June 2008, we entered into an agreement with ESL (the “ESL Agreement”), in which ESL has agreed
to vote shares of our common stock owned by ESL in excess of 37.5% in the same proportion as all
non-ESL-owned shares are voted. Additionally, under the terms of the ESL Agreement, the Company
added two directors in August 2008 that were identified by ESL. William C. Crowley, one of the two
directors identified by ESL, is the President and Chief Operating Officer of ESL Investments, Inc.

Our ability to grow depends in part on new store openings, existing store remodels and expansions
and effective utilization of our existing supply chain and hub network.

Our continued growth and success will depend in part on our ability to open and operate new stores
and expand and remodel existing stores to meet customers’ needs on a timely and profitable basis.
Accomplishing our new and existing store expansion goals will depend upon a number of factors,
including the ability to partner with developers and landlords to obtain suitable sites for new and
expanded stores at acceptable costs, the hiring and training of qualified personnel, particularly
at the store management level, and the integration of new stores into existing operations. There
can be no assurance we will be able to achieve our store expansion goals, manage our growth
effectively, successfully integrate the planned new stores into our operations or operate our new,
remodeled and expanded stores profitably.

In addition, we extensively utilize hub stores, our supply chain and logistics management
techniques to efficiently stock our stores. If we fail to effectively utilize our existing hubs
and/or supply chains, we could experience inappropriate inventory levels in our stores, which could
adversely affect our sales volume and/or our margins.

13

Table of Contents

Our failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name.

We believe our continued strong sales growth is driven in significant part by our brand name. The
value in our brand name and its continued effectiveness in driving our sales growth are dependent
to a significant degree on our ability to maintain our reputation for safety, high product quality,
friendliness, service, trustworthy advice, integrity and business ethics. Any negative publicity
about these types of concerns may reduce demand for our merchandise. Failure to comply with
ethical, social, product, labor and environmental standards, or related political considerations,
could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions.
Failure to comply with local laws and regulations, to maintain an effective system of internal
controls or to provide accurate and timely financial statement information could also hurt our
reputation. Failure to protect the security of our customers’ personal information could subject us
to costly regulatory enforcement actions, expose us to litigation and our reputation could suffer.
Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, as well as
require additional resources to rebuild our reputation.

Business interruptions may negatively impact our store hours, operability of our computer and other
systems, availability of merchandise and otherwise have a material negative effect on our sales and
our business.

War or acts of terrorism, political unrest, hurricanes, windstorms, fires, earthquakes and other
natural or other disasters or the threat of any of them, may result in certain of our stores being
closed for a period of time or permanently or have a negative impact on our ability to obtain
merchandise available for sale in our stores. Some of our merchandise is imported from other
countries. If imported goods become difficult or impossible to bring into the United States, and if
we cannot obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar costs, our sales and profit margins
may be negatively affected.

In the event that commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially delayed, our business may
be adversely impacted, as we may have difficulty shipping merchandise to our distribution centers
and stores resulting in lost sales and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty. Transportation
issues could also cause us to cancel purchase orders if we are unable to receive merchandise in our
distribution centers.

We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process transactions and summarize
results. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications
failures, computer viruses, security breaches and catastrophic events. If our systems are damaged
or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may
experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories
or process transactions, which could result in lost sales, inability to process purchase orders
and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty, which could adversely affect our results of
operations.

Healthcare reform legislation could have a negative impact on our business.

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the “Patient Act”) as well as other healthcare
reform legislation being considered by Congress and state legislatures may have an impact on our
business. Based on the current form of the Patient Act, the impact could be extensive and could
increase our employee healthcare-related costs. While the significant costs of the recent
healthcare legislation enacted will occur after 2013 due to provisions of the legislation being
phased in over time, changes to our healthcare costs structure could have a significant, negative
impact on our business.