Our business is subject to a variety of risks. Set forth below are certain of the important risks
that we face and that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results.
These risks are not the only ones we face. Our business could also be affected by additional
factors that are presently unknown to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial to our
business.

If demand for our products slows, then our business may be materially affected.

Demand for products sold by our stores depends on many factors, including:

•

the number of miles vehicles are driven annually. Higher vehicle mileage increases the
need for maintenance and repair. Mileage levels may be affected by gas prices and other
factors.

•

the number of vehicles in current service that are seven years old and older. These
vehicles are generally no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers’ warranties and
tend to need more maintenance and repair than younger vehicles.

•

technological advances. Advances in automotive technology and parts design could result
in cars needing maintenance less frequently and parts lasting longer.

•

the weather. Inclement weather may cause vehicle maintenance to be deferred.

10

Table of Contents

•

the economy. In periods of rapidly declining economic conditions, both retail DIY and
commercial DIFM customers may defer vehicle maintenance or repair. Additionally, such
conditions may affect our customers’ credit availability. During periods of expansionary
economic conditions, more of our DIY customers may pay others to repair and maintain their
cars instead of working on their own vehicles or they may purchase new vehicles.

•

rising energy prices. Increases in energy prices may cause our customers to defer
purchases of certain of our products as they use a higher percentage of their income to pay
for gasoline and other energy costs.

For the long term, demand for our products may be affected by:

•

the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the
length of the warranties or maintenance offered on new vehicles; and

•

restrictions on access to diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the
original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation.

All of these factors could result in immediate and longer term declines in the demand for our
products, which could adversely affect our sales, cash flows and overall financial condition.

If we are unable to compete successfully against other businesses that sell the products that we
sell, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.

The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive and is based
on many factors, including name recognition, product availability, customer service, store location
and price. Competitors are opening locations near our existing stores. AutoZone competes as a
provider in both the DIY and DIFM auto parts and accessories markets.

Competitors include national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts
stores, on-line parts stores, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition to
discount and mass merchandise stores, department stores, hardware stores, supermarkets, drugstores,
convenience stores and home stores that sell aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals,
accessories, tools and maintenance parts. Although we believe we compete effectively on the basis
of customer service, including the knowledge and expertise of our AutoZoners; merchandise quality,
selection and availability; product warranty; store layout, location and convenience; price; and
the strength of our AutoZone brand name, trademarks and service marks; some competitors may gain
competitive advantages, such as greater financial and marketing resources allowing them to sell
automotive products at lower prices, larger stores with more merchandise, longer operating
histories, more frequent customer visits and more effective advertising. If we are unable to
continue to develop successful competitive strategies, or if our competitors develop more effective
strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.

We may not be able to sustain our recent rate of sales growth.

We have increased our store count in the past five fiscal years, growing from 3,673 stores at
August 27, 2005, to 4,627 stores at August 28, 2010, an average store count increase per year of
5%. Additionally, we have increased annual revenues in the past five fiscal years from $5.711
billion in fiscal 2005 to $7.363 billion in fiscal 2010, an average increase per year of 6%. Annual
revenue growth is driven by the opening of new stores and increases in same-store sales. We open
new stores only after evaluating customer buying trends and market demand/needs, all of which could
be adversely affected by continued job losses, wage cuts, small business failures and microeconomic
conditions unique to the automotive industry. Same store sales are impacted both by customer demand
levels and by the prices we are able to charge for our products, which can also be negatively
impacted by continued recessionary pressures. We cannot provide any assurance that we will continue
to open stores at historical rates or achieve increases in same-store sales.

11

Table of Contents

If we cannot profitably increase our market share in the commercial auto parts business, our sales
growth may be limited.

Although we are one of the largest sellers of auto parts in the commercial market, to increase
commercial sales we must compete against national and regional auto parts chains, independently
owned parts stores, wholesalers and jobbers and auto dealers. Although we believe we compete
effectively on the basis of customer service,
merchandise quality, selection and availability, price, product warranty, distribution locations,
and the strength of our AutoZone brand name, trademarks and service marks, some automotive
aftermarket jobbers have been in business for substantially longer periods of time than we have,
have developed long-term customer relationships and have large available inventories. If we are
unable to profitably develop new commercial customers, our sales growth may be limited.

Deterioration in the global credit markets, changes in our credit ratings and macroeconomic factors
could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Our short-term and long-term debt is rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. These
investment-grade credit ratings have historically allowed us to take advantage of lower interest
rates and other favorable terms on our short-term credit lines, in our senior debt offerings and in
the commercial paper markets. To maintain our investment-grade ratings, we are required to meet
certain financial performance ratios. An increase in our debt and/or a decline in our earnings
could result in downgrades in our credit ratings. A downgrade in our credit ratings could result in
an increase in interest rates and more restrictive terms on certain of our senior debt and our
commercial paper, could limit our access to public debt markets, could limit the institutions
willing to provide credit facilities to us and could significantly increase the interest rates on
such facilities from current levels.

Moreover, significant deterioration in the financial condition of large financial institutions in
calendar years 2008 and 2009 resulted in a severe loss of liquidity and availability of credit in
global credit markets and in more stringent borrowing terms. During brief time intervals in the
fourth quarter of calendar 2008 and the first quarter of calendar 2009, there was no liquidity in
the commercial paper markets, resulting in an absence of commercial paper buyers and
extraordinarily high interest rates on commercial paper. We can provide no assurance that credit
market events such as those that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2008 and the first quarter of
2009 will not occur again in the foreseeable future. Conditions and events in the global credit
market could have a material adverse effect on our access to short-term debt and the terms and cost
of that debt.

Macroeconomic conditions also impact both our customers and our suppliers. Continued recessionary
conditions could result in additional job losses and business failures, which could result in our
loss of certain small business customers and curtailment of spending by our retail customers. In
addition, continued distress in global credit markets, business failures and other recessionary
conditions could have a material adverse effect on the ability of our suppliers to obtain necessary
short and long-term financing to meet our inventory demands. Moreover, rising energy prices could
impact our merchandise distribution, commercial delivery, utility and product costs. All of these
macroeconomic conditions could adversely affect our sales growth, margins and overhead, which could
adversely affect our financial condition and operations.

Our business depends upon hiring and retaining qualified employees.

We believe that much of our brand value lies in the quality of our over 63,000 AutoZoners employed
in our stores, distribution centers, store support centers and ALLDATA. We cannot be assured that
we can continue to hire and retain qualified employees at current wage rates. If we are unable to
hire, properly train and/or retain qualified employees, we could experience higher employment
costs, reduced sales, losses of customers and diminution of our brand, which could adversely affect
our earnings. If we do not maintain competitive wages, our customer service could suffer due to a
declining quality of our workforce or, alternatively, our earnings could decrease if we increase
our wage rates.

Inability to acquire and provide quality merchandise could adversely affect our sales and results
of operations.

We are dependent upon our vendors continuing to supply us with quality merchandise. If our
merchandise offerings do not meet our customers’ expectations regarding quality and safety, we
could experience lost sales, experience increased costs and be exposed to legal and reputational
risk. All of our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on
them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety and quality standards. Events that
give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government
enforcement action or private litigation and result in costly product recalls and other
liabilities. In addition, negative customer perceptions regarding the safety or quality of the
products we sell could cause our customers to seek alternative sources for their needs, resulting
in lost sales. In those circumstances, it
may be difficult and costly for us to regain the confidence of our customers. Moreover, if any of
our significant vendors experiences financial difficulties or otherwise is unable to deliver
merchandise to us on a timely basis, or at all, we could have product shortages in our stores that
could adversely affect customers’ perceptions of us and cause us to lose customers and sales.

12

Table of Contents

Our largest stockholder, as a result of its voting ownership, may have the ability to exert
substantial influence over actions to be taken or approved by our stockholders.

As of October 18, 2010, ESL Investments, Inc. and certain of its affiliates (together, “ESL”)
beneficially owned approximately 34.7% of our outstanding common stock. As a result, ESL may have
the ability to exert substantial influence over actions to be taken or approved by our
stockholders, including the election of directors and potential change of control transactions. In
the future, ESL may acquire or sell shares of common stock and thereby increase or decrease its
ownership stake in us. Significant fluctuations in their level of ownership could have an impact on
our share price.

In June 2008, we entered into an agreement with ESL (the “ESL Agreement”), in which ESL has agreed
to vote shares of our common stock owned by ESL in excess of 37.5% in the same proportion as all
non-ESL-owned shares are voted. Additionally, under the terms of the ESL Agreement, the Company
added two directors in August 2008 that were identified by ESL. William C. Crowley, one of the two
directors identified by ESL, is the President and Chief Operating Officer of ESL Investments, Inc.

Consolidation among our competitors may negatively impact our business.

Recently some of our competitors have merged. Consolidation among our competitors could enhance
their financial position, provide them with the ability to achieve better purchasing terms allowing
them to provide more competitive prices to customers for whom we compete, and allow them to achieve
efficiencies in their mergers that allow for more effective use of advertising and marketing
dollars and allow them to more effectively compete for customers. These consolidated competitors
could take sales volume away from us in certain markets and could cause us to change our pricing
with a negative impact on our margins or could cause us to spend more money to maintain customers
or seek new customers, all of which could negatively impact our business.

Our ability to grow depends in part on new store openings, existing store remodels and expansions
and effective utilization of our existing supply chain and hub network.

Our continued growth and success will depend in part on our ability to open and operate new stores
and expand and remodel existing stores to meet customers’ needs on a timely and profitable basis.
Accomplishing our new and existing store expansion goals will depend upon a number of factors,
including the ability to partner with developers and landlords to obtain suitable sites for new and
expanded stores at acceptable costs, the hiring and training of qualified personnel, particularly
at the store management level, and the integration of new stores into existing operations. There
can be no assurance we will be able to achieve our store expansion goals, manage our growth
effectively, successfully integrate the planned new stores into our operations or operate our new,
remodeled and expanded stores profitably.

In addition, we extensively utilize hub stores, our supply chains and logistics management
techniques to efficiently stock our stores. If we fail to effectively utilize our existing
distribution hubs and/or supply chains, we could experience inappropriate inventory levels in our
stores, which could adversely affect our sales volume and/or our margins.

Our failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name.

Our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to our brand name. Our reputation could be
jeopardized if we fail to maintain high standards for merchandise safety, quality and integrity.
Any negative publicity about these types of concerns may reduce demand for our merchandise. Failure
to comply with ethical, social, product, labor and environmental standards, or related political
considerations, could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse
consumer actions. Failure to comply with local laws and regulations, to maintain an effective
system of internal controls or to provide accurate and timely financial statement information could
also hurt our reputation. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these
or other reasons
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, as well
as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation.

13

Table of Contents

Business interruptions may negatively impact our store hours, operability of our computer and other
systems, availability of merchandise and otherwise have a material negative effect on our sales and
our business.

War or acts of terrorism, political unrest, hurricanes, windstorms, fires, earthquakes and other
natural or other disasters or the threat of any of them, may result in certain of our stores being
closed for a period of time or permanently or have a negative impact on our ability to obtain
merchandise available for sale in our stores. Some of our merchandise is imported from other
countries. If imported goods become difficult or impossible to bring into the United States, and if
we cannot obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar costs, our sales and profit margins
may be negatively affected.

In the event that commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially delayed, our business may
be adversely impacted, as we may have difficulty shipping merchandise to our distribution centers
and stores resulting in lost sales, canceled purchase orders and/or a potential loss of customer
loyalty.

We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process transactions and summarize
results. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications
failures, computer viruses, security breaches and catastrophic events. If our systems are damaged
or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may
experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories
or process transactions, which could result in lost sales, inability to process purchase orders
and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty, which could adversely affect our results of
operations.

Healthcare reform legislation could have a negative impact on our business.

The recently enacted Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the “Patient Act”) as well as
other healthcare reform legislation being considered by Congress and state legislatures may have an
impact on our business. While we are currently evaluating the potential effects of the Patient Act
on our business, the impact could be extensive and will most likely increase our employee
healthcare-related costs. While the significant costs of the recent healthcare legislation enacted
will occur after 2013 due to provisions of the legislation being phased in over time, changes to
our healthcare costs structure could have a significant, negative impact on our business.