Our business is subject to a variety of risks. Set forth below are certain of the important risks that we face, the occurrence of which could have a material,
adverse effect on our business. These risks are not the only ones we face. Our business could also be affected by additional factors that are presently unknown to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial to our business. 

If demand for our products slows, then our business may be materially affected. 

Demand for the products we sell may be affected by a number of factors we cannot control, including: 

•

the number and age of vehicles in current service. Vehicles seven years old or older are generally no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers’ warranties and tend to need more maintenance and repair than
newer vehicles. 

•

rising energy prices. Increases in energy prices may cause our customers to defer purchases of certain of our products as they use a higher percentage of their income to pay for gasoline and other energy costs and may
drive their vehicles less, resulting in less wear and tear and lower demand for repairs and maintenance. 

•

the economy. In periods of declining economic conditions, both retail and commercial customers may defer vehicle maintenance or repairs. Additionally, such conditions may affect our customers’ ability to obtain
credit. During periods of expansionary economic conditions, more of our DIY customers may pay others to repair and maintain their cars instead of working on their own vehicles, or they may purchase new vehicles. 

•

the weather. Mild weather conditions may lower the failure rates of automotive parts, while wet conditions may cause our customers to defer maintenance and repair on their vehicles. Extremely hot or cold conditions may
enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers’ automotive parts. 

•

technological advances. Advances in automotive technology and parts design can result in cars needing maintenance less frequently and parts lasting longer. 

For the long term, demand for our products may be affected by: 

•

the number of miles vehicles are driven annually. Higher vehicle mileage increases the need for maintenance and repair. Mileage levels may be affected by gas prices and other factors. 

•

the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the length of the warranties or maintenance offered on new vehicles. 

•

restrictions on access to diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation, which may cause vehicle owners to rely on dealers to perform maintenance and
repairs. 

All of these factors could result in immediate and longer term declines in the demand for our products, which could adversely
affect our sales, cash flows and overall financial condition. 
If we are unable to compete successfully against other businesses that sell the products
that we sell, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline. 

The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is
highly competitive, and sales volumes are dependent on many factors, including name recognition, product availability, customer service, store location and price. Competitors are opening locations near our existing stores. AutoZone competes as a
provider in both the DIY and DIFM auto parts and accessories markets. 
Our competitors include national, regional and local auto parts chains,
independently owned parts stores, online parts stores, wholesale distributors, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition to discount and mass merchandise stores, hardware stores, supermarkets, drugstores, convenience stores,
home stores, and other online retailers that sell aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals, accessories, tools and maintenance parts. Although we believe we compete effectively on the basis of customer service, including the knowledge and
expertise of our AutoZoners; merchandise quality, selection and availability; product warranty; store layout, 

11 

Table of Contents

location and convenience; price; and the strength of our AutoZone brand name, trademarks and service marks, some of our competitors may gain competitive advantages, such as greater financial and
marketing resources allowing them to sell automotive products at lower prices, larger stores with more merchandise, longer operating histories, more frequent customer visits and more effective advertising. With the increasing use of digital tools
and social media, our customers are quickly able to compare prices, product assortment, and feedback from other customers before purchasing our products either online, in the physical stores, or through a combination of both offerings. If we are
unable to continue to develop successful competitive strategies, or if our competitors develop more effective strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline. 

We may not be able to sustain our historic rate of sales growth. 

We have increased our store count in the past five fiscal years, growing from 4,417 stores at August 29, 2009, to 5,391 stores at August 30, 2014,
an average store count increase per year of 4%. Additionally, we have increased annual revenues in the past five fiscal years from $6.817 billion in fiscal 2009 to $9.475 billion in fiscal 2014, an average increase per year of 8%. Annual revenue
growth is driven by the opening of new stores and commercial programs and increases in same store sales. We open new stores only after evaluating customer buying trends and market demand/needs, all of which could be adversely affected by persistent
unemployment, wage cuts, small business failures and microeconomic conditions unique to the automotive industry. Same store sales are impacted both by customer demand levels and by the prices we are able to charge for our products, which can also be
negatively impacted by the economic pressures mentioned above. We cannot provide any assurance that we will continue to open stores at historical rates or continue to achieve increases in same store sales. 

Consolidation among our competitors may negatively impact our business. 

Recently some of our competitors have merged. Consolidation among our competitors could enhance their market share and financial position, provide them with
the ability to achieve better purchasing terms and provide more competitive prices to customers for whom we compete, and allow them to utilize merger synergies and cost savings to increase advertising and marketing budgets to more effectively
compete for customers. Consolidation by our competitors could also increase their access to local market parts assortment. These consolidated competitors could take sales volume away from us in certain markets, could cause us to change our pricing
with a negative impact on our margins or could cause us to spend more money to maintain customers or seek new customers, all of which could negatively impact our business. 

If we cannot profitably increase our market share in the commercial auto parts business, our sales growth may be limited. 

Although we are one of the largest sellers of auto parts in the commercial market, we must effectively compete against national and regional auto parts
chains, independently owned parts stores, wholesalers and jobbers in order to increase our commercial market share. Although we believe we compete effectively in the commercial market on the basis of customer service, merchandise quality, selection
and availability, price, product warranty, distribution locations, and the strength of our AutoZone brand name, trademarks and service marks, some automotive aftermarket jobbers have been in business for substantially longer periods of time than we
have, have developed long-term customer relationships and have large available inventories. If we are unable to profitably develop new commercial customers, our sales growth may be limited. 

A downgrade in our credit ratings or a general disruption in the credit markets could make it more difficult for us to access funds, refinance our debt,
obtain new funding or issue securities. 

Our short-term and long-term debt is rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. These
investment-grade credit ratings have historically allowed us to take advantage of lower interest rates and other favorable terms on our short-term credit lines, in our senior debt offerings and in the commercial paper markets. To maintain our
investment-grade ratings, we are required to meet certain financial performance ratios. A change by the rating agencies in these ratios, an increase in our debt, and/or a decline in our earnings could result in downgrades in our credit ratings. A
downgrade in our credit ratings could limit our access to public debt markets, limit the institutions willing to provide credit facilities to us, result in more restrictive financial and other covenants in our public and private debt and would
likely significantly increase our overall borrowing costs and adversely affect our earnings. 

12 

Table of Contents

Moreover, significant deterioration in the financial condition of large financial institutions in calendar years
2008 and 2009 resulted in a severe loss of liquidity and availability of credit in global credit markets and in more stringent borrowing terms. During brief time intervals in the fourth quarter of calendar 2008 and the first quarter of calendar
2009, there was limited liquidity in the commercial paper markets, resulting in an absence of commercial paper buyers and extraordinarily high interest rates on commercial paper. We can provide no assurance that credit market events such as those
that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2008 and the first quarter of 2009 will not occur again in the foreseeable future. Conditions and events in the global credit market could have a material adverse effect on our access to short-term debt and the
terms and cost of that debt. 
Significant changes in macroeconomic and geo-political factors could adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations. 

Macroeconomic conditions impact both our customers and our suppliers. Job growth in the United States has remained relatively slow
during the past five years and the unemployment rate has not recovered to pre-recession levels. Moreover, the United States government continues to operate under historically large deficits and debt burden. Continued distress in global credit
markets, business failures, significant geo-political conflicts, continued high energy prices and other factors continue to affect the global economy. Moreover, rising energy prices could impact our merchandise distribution, commercial delivery,
utility and product costs. Over the short term, such factors could positively impact our business. Over a longer period of time, all of these macroeconomic and geo-political conditions could adversely affect our sales growth, margins and overhead,
which could adversely affect our financial condition and operations. 
Our business depends upon hiring and retaining qualified employees. 

We believe that much of our brand value lies in the quality of the more than 76,000 AutoZoners employed in our stores, distribution centers, store support
centers, ALLDATA and AutoAnything. We cannot be assured that we can continue to hire and retain qualified employees at current wage rates. If we are unable to hire, properly train and/or retain qualified employees, we could experience higher
employment costs, reduced sales, losses of customers and diminution of our brand, which could adversely affect our earnings. If we do not maintain competitive wages, our customer service could suffer due to a declining quality of our workforce or,
alternatively, our earnings could decrease if we increase our wage rates. 
Inability to acquire and provide quality merchandise could adversely affect
our sales and results of operations. 

We are dependent upon our vendors continuing to supply us with quality merchandise. If our merchandise offerings
do not meet our customers’ expectations regarding quality and safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and exposure to legal and reputational risk. All of our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we
are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety and quality standards. Events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement action or private
litigation and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. To the extent our suppliers are subject to added government regulation of their product design and/or manufacturing processes, the cost of the merchandise we purchase may rise.
In addition, negative customer perceptions regarding the safety or quality of the products we sell could cause our customers to seek alternative sources for their needs, resulting in lost sales. In those circumstances, it may be difficult
and costly for us to regain the confidence of our customers. Moreover, our vendors are impacted by global economic conditions. Credit market and other macroeconomic conditions could have a material adverse effect on the ability of our suppliers to
finance and operate their businesses and meet our inventory demands. If any of our significant vendors experience financial difficulties or otherwise are unable to deliver merchandise to us on a timely basis, or at all, we could have product
shortages in our stores that could adversely affect customers’ perceptions of us and cause us to lose customers and sales. 

13 

Table of Contents

Our ability to grow depends in part on new store openings, existing store remodels and expansions and
effective utilization of our existing supply chain and hub network. 

Our continued growth and success will depend in part on our ability to open and
operate new stores and expand and remodel existing stores to meet customers’ needs on a timely and profitable basis. Accomplishing our new and existing store expansion goals will depend upon a number of factors, including the ability to
partner with developers and landlords to obtain suitable sites for new and expanded stores at acceptable costs, the hiring and training of qualified personnel, particularly at the store management level, and the integration of new stores into
existing operations. There can be no assurance we will be able to achieve our store expansion goals, manage our growth effectively, successfully integrate the planned new stores into our operations or operate our new, remodeled and expanded stores
profitably. 
In addition, we extensively utilize hub stores, our supply chain and logistics management techniques to efficiently stock our stores. We have
made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain to improve our ability to provide the best parts at the right price. If we fail to effectively utilize our existing hubs and/or supply chains or if our investments in
our supply chain do not provide the anticipated benefits, we could experience sub-optimal inventory levels in our stores, which could adversely affect our sales volume and/or our margins. 

Our failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name. 

We believe our continued strong sales growth is driven in significant part by our brand name. The value in our brand name and its continued effectiveness in
driving our sales growth are dependent to a significant degree on our ability to maintain our reputation for safety, high product quality, friendliness, service, trustworthy advice, integrity and business ethics. Any negative publicity about these
areas could damage our reputation and may result in reduced demand for our merchandise. The increasing use of technology also poses a risk as customers are able to quickly compare products and prices and use social media to provide feedback in a
manner that is rapidly and broadly dispersed. Our reputation could be impacted if a customer has a bad experience and shares it over social media. 

Failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, environmental, and anti-corruption standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead
to various adverse actions by consumer or environmental groups, employees or regulatory bodies. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to maintain an effective system of internal controls or to provide accurate and timely financial
statement information could also hurt our reputation. 
Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. 

Failure to protect the privacy and security of customers’, AutoZoners’ or Company information could damage our reputation, subject us to
litigation, and cause us to incur substantial costs. 

Our business involves the storage and transmission of personal information about our customers
and AutoZoners. Failure to protect the security of our customers’, employees’ and company information could subject us to costly regulatory enforcement actions, expose us to litigation and our reputation could suffer. While we take
significant steps to protect customer, employee and other confidential information, including maintaining compliance with payment card industry standards, our security measures may be breached in the future due to cyber-attack, employee error,
fraud, trickery, hacking or other intentional or unintentional acts, and unauthorized parties may obtain access to this data. 

14 

Table of Contents

Business interruptions may negatively impact our store hours, operability of our computer and other systems,
availability of merchandise and otherwise have a material negative effect on our sales and our business. 

War or acts of terrorism, political unrest,
hurricanes, windstorms, fires, earthquakes and other natural or other disasters or the threat of any of them, may result in certain of our stores being closed for a period of time or permanently or have a negative impact on our ability to obtain
merchandise available for sale in our stores. Some of our merchandise is imported from other countries. If imported goods become difficult or impossible to bring into the United States, and if we cannot obtain such merchandise from other sources at
similar costs, our sales and profit margins may be negatively affected. 
In the event that commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially
delayed, our business may be adversely impacted, as we may have difficulty shipping merchandise to our distribution centers and stores resulting in lost sales and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty. Transportation issues could also cause us to
cancel purchase orders if we are unable to receive merchandise in our distribution centers. 
We rely heavily on our computer systems for our key
business processes. Any failure or interruption in these systems could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

We rely extensively on our
computer systems to manage inventory, process transactions and summarize results. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches and catastrophic events. If our
systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions, which
could result in lost sales, inability to process purchase orders and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty, which could adversely affect our results of operations.