carefully. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and
actual results; developments and business decisions may differ from those contemplated by such
forward-looking statements, and events described above and in “Risk Factors” could materially and
adversely affect our business. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. Except
as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Actual results may
materially differ from anticipated results.

3

Table of Contents

PART I

Item 1. Business

Introduction

We are the nation’s leading retailer and a leading distributor of automotive replacement parts and
accessories. We began operations in 1979 and at August 29, 2009, operated 4,229 stores in the
United States and Puerto Rico, and 188 in Mexico. Each of our stores carries an extensive product
line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light trucks, including new and remanufactured
automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products. At August 29,
2009, in 2,303 of our stores we also have a commercial sales program that provides commercial
credit and prompt delivery of parts and other products to local, regional and national repair
garages, dealers, service stations and public sector accounts. We also sell the ALLDATA brand
automotive diagnostic and repair software through www.alldata.com. Additionally, we sell
automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products through
www.autozone.com, and as part of our commercial sales program, through www.autozonepro.com. We do
not derive revenue from automotive repair or installation services.

 At August 29, 2009, our stores were in the following locations:

Store Count

 Alabama

97

 Arizona

119

 Arkansas

59

 California

447

 Colorado

62

 Connecticut

35

 Delaware

10

 Florida

196

 Georgia

175

 Idaho

19

 Illinois

208

 Indiana

137

 Iowa

23

 Kansas

38

 Kentucky

78

 Louisiana

108

 Maine

6

 Maryland

39

 Massachusetts

66

 Michigan

145

 Minnesota

25

 Mississippi

85

 Missouri

100

 Montana

1

 Nebraska

14

 Nevada

49

 New Hampshire

16

 New Jersey

61

 New Mexico

58

 New York

114

 North Carolina

164

 North Dakota

1

 Ohio

219

 Oklahoma

67

 Oregon

27

 Pennsylvania

109

 Puerto Rico

21

 Rhode Island

15

 South Carolina

75

4

Table of Contents

 At August 29, 2009, our stores were in the following locations:

Store Count

 South Dakota

2

 Tennessee

150

 Texas

525

 Utah

39

 Vermont

1

 Virginia

87

 Washington

53

 Washington, DC

6

 West Virginia

23

 Wisconsin

50

 Wyoming

5

 Domestic Total

4,229

 Mexico

 188

 Total

4,417

Marketing and Merchandising Strategy

We are dedicated to providing customers with superior service and quality automotive parts and
products at a great value in conveniently located, well-designed stores. Key elements of this
strategy are:

Customer Service

Customer service is the most important element in our marketing and merchandising strategy, which
is based upon consumer marketing research. We emphasize that our AutoZoners (employees) should
always put customers first by providing prompt, courteous service and trustworthy advice. Our
electronic parts catalog assists in the selection of parts; and warranties are offered by us or our
vendors on many of the parts we sell. Our wide area network in our stores helps us to expedite
credit or debit card and check approval processes, to locate parts at neighboring AutoZone stores,
and in some cases, to place special orders directly with our vendors.

Our stores generally open at 7:30 or 8 a.m. and close between 8 and 10 p.m. Monday through Saturday
and typically open at 9 a.m. and close between 6 and 9 p.m. on Sunday. However, some stores are
open 24 hours, and some have extended hours of 6 or 7 a.m. until midnight seven days a week.

We also provide specialty tools through our Loan-A-Tool® program. Customers can borrow a specialty
tool, such as a steering wheel puller, for which a do-it-yourself (“DIY”) customer or a repair shop
would have little or no use other than for a single job. AutoZoners also provide other free
services, including check engine light readings where allowed by law, battery charging, the
collection of DIY used oil for recycling; and the testing of starters, alternators, batteries,
sensors and actuators.

Merchandising

The following tables show some of the types of products that we sell by major category of items:

 Failure

Maintenance Items

Discretionary

 A/C Compressors

Antifreeze & Windshield Washer Fluid

Air Fresheners

 Batteries & Accessories

Brake Drums, Rotors, Shoes & Pads

Cell Phone Accessories

 Belts & Hoses

Chemicals, including Brake & Power

Drinks & Snacks

 Carburetors

Steering Fluid, Oil & Fuel Additives

Floor Mats & Seat Covers

 Chassis

Oil & Transmission Fluid

Mirrors

 Clutches

Oil, Air, Fuel & Transmission Filters

Performance Products

 CV Axles

Oxygen Sensors

Protectants & Cleaners

 Engines

Paint & Accessories

Seat Covers

 Fuel Pumps

Refrigerant & Accessories

Sealants & Adhesives

 Fuses

Shock Absorbers & Struts

Steering Wheel Covers

 Ignition

Spark Plugs & Wires

Stereos & Radios

 Lighting

Windshield Wipers

Tools

 Mufflers

Wash & Wax

 Starters & Alternators

 Water Pumps

 Radiators

 Thermostats

5

Table of Contents

We believe that the satisfaction of DIY customers and professional technicians is often impacted by
our ability to provide specific automotive products as requested. Each store carries the same basic
product lines, but we tailor our parts inventory to the makes and models of the vehicles in each
store’s trade area. Our hub stores carry a larger assortment of products that can be delivered to
Commercial customers or to local satellite stores.

We are constantly updating the products that we offer to ensure that our inventory matches the
products that our customers demand.

Pricing

We want to be perceived by our customers as the value leader in our industry by consistently
providing quality merchandise at the right price, backed by a good warranty and outstanding
customer service. On many of our products we offer multiple value choices in a good/better/best
assortment, with appropriate price and quality differences from the “good” products to the “better”
and “best” products. A key differentiating component versus our competitors is our exclusive line
of in-house brands: Valucraft, AutoZone, Duralast and Duralast Gold. We believe that our overall
value compares favorably to those of our competitors.

Brand: Advertising and Promotions

We believe that targeted advertising and promotions play important roles in succeeding in today’s
environment. We are constantly working to understand our customers’ wants and needs so that we can
build long-lasting, loyal relationships. We utilize promotions and advertising primarily to advise
customers about the overall importance of vehicle maintenance, our great value and the availability
of high quality parts. Broadcast media is our primary advertising method of driving traffic to our
stores. We utilize in-store signage, creative product placement and promotions to help educate
customers about products that they need.

Store Design and Visual Merchandising

We design and build stores for high visual impact. The typical AutoZone store utilizes colorful
exterior and interior signage, exposed beams and ductwork and brightly lighted interiors.
Maintenance products, accessories and non-automotive items are attractively displayed for easy
browsing by customers. In-store signage and special displays promote products on floor displays,
end caps and the shelf.

Commercial

Our Commercial sales program operates in a highly fragmented market, and we are one of the leading
distributors of automotive parts and other products to local, regional and national repair garages,
dealers, service stations and public sector accounts in the United States, Puerto Rico and Mexico.
As a part of the program we offer credit and delivery to our Commercial customers. The program
operates out of 2,303 domestic stores as of August 29, 2009. Through our hub stores, we offer a
greater range of parts and products desired by professional technicians; this additional inventory
is available for our DIY customers as well. We have sales teams focused on national, regional and
public sector Commercial accounts.

Store Operations

Store Formats

Substantially all AutoZone stores are based on standard store formats, resulting in generally
consistent appearance, merchandising and product mix. Approximately 85% to 90% of each store’s
square footage is selling space, of which approximately 40% to 45% is dedicated to hard parts
inventory. The hard parts inventory area is generally fronted by counters or pods that run the
depth or length of the store, dividing the hard parts area from the remainder of the store. The
remaining selling space contains displays of maintenance, accessories and non-automotive items.

We believe that our stores are “destination stores,” generating their own traffic rather than
relying on traffic created by adjacent stores. Therefore, we situate most stores on major
thoroughfares with easy access and good parking.

6

Table of Contents

Store Personnel and Training

Each store typically employs from 10 to 16 AutoZoners, including a manager and, in some cases, an
assistant manager. AutoZoners typically have prior automotive experience. All AutoZoners are
encouraged to complete tests resulting in certification by the National Institute for Automotive
Service Excellence (“ASE”), which is broadly
recognized for training certification in the automotive industry. Although we do on-the-job
training, we also provide formal training programs, including an annual national sales meeting,
regular store meetings on specific sales and product issues, standardized training manuals and a
specialist program that provides training to AutoZoners in several areas of technical expertise
from both the Company and from independent certification agencies. Training is supplemented with
frequent store visits by management.

Store managers, sales representatives and commercial specialists receive financial incentives
through performance-based bonuses. In addition, our growth has provided opportunities for the
promotion of qualified AutoZoners. We believe these opportunities are important to attract,
motivate and retain high quality AutoZoners.

All store support functions are centralized in our store support centers located in Memphis,
Tennessee and Mexico. We believe that this centralization enhances consistent execution of our
merchandising and marketing strategies at the store level, while reducing expenses and cost of
sales.

Store Automation

All of our stores have Z-net, our proprietary electronic catalog that enables our AutoZoners to
efficiently look up the parts that our customers need and to provide complete job solutions, advice
and information for customer vehicles. Z-net provides parts information based on the year, make,
model and engine type of a vehicle and also tracks inventory availability at the store, at other
nearby stores and through special order. The Z-net display screens are placed on the hard parts
counter or pods, where both AutoZoners and customers can view the screen. In addition, our wide
area network enables the stores to expedite credit or debit card and check approval processes, to
access national warranty data, to implement real-time inventory controls and to locate and hold
parts at neighboring AutoZone stores.

Our stores utilize our computerized proprietary Store Management System, which includes bar code
scanning and point-of-sale data collection terminals. The Store Management System provides
administrative assistance and improved personnel scheduling at the store level, as well as enhanced
merchandising information and improved inventory control. We believe the Store Management System
also enhances customer service through faster processing of transactions, simplified warranty and
product return procedures.

Store Development

The following table reflects store development during the past five fiscal years:

Fiscal Year

2009

2008

2007

2006

2005

 Beginning Domestic Stores

4,092

3,933

3,771

3,592

3,420

 New Stores

 140

 160

 163

 185

175

 Closed Stores

3

1

1

6

3

 Net New Stores

 137

 159

 162

 179

172

 Relocated Stores

9

14

18

18

7

 Ending Domestic Stores

4,229

4,092

3,933

3,771

3,592

 Ending Mexico Stores

188

 148

 123

 100

81

 Ending Total Stores

4,417

4,240

4,056

3,871

3,673

The domestic stores include stores in the United States and Puerto Rico. We believe that expansion
opportunities exist both in markets that we do not currently serve, as well as in markets where we
can achieve a larger presence. We attempt to obtain high visibility sites in high traffic locations
and undertake substantial research prior to entering new markets. The most important criteria for
opening a new store are its projected future profitability and its ability to achieve our required
investment hurdle rate. Key factors in selecting new site and market locations include population,
demographics, vehicle profile, number and strength of competitors’ stores and the cost of real
estate. In reviewing the vehicle profile, we also consider the number of vehicles that are seven
years old and older, “our kind of vehicles,” as these are generally no longer under the original
manufacturers’ warranties and require more maintenance and repair than younger vehicles. We
generally seek to open new stores within or contiguous to
existing market areas and attempt to cluster development in markets in a relatively short period of
time. In addition to continuing to lease or develop our own stores, we evaluate and may make
strategic acquisitions.

7

Table of Contents

Purchasing and Supply Chain

Merchandise is selected and purchased for all stores through our store support centers located in
Memphis, Tennessee and Mexico. In fiscal 2009, no class of similar products accounted for 10
percent or more of our total sales, nor did any single supplier account for more than 10 percent of
our total purchases. We generally have few long-term contracts for the purchase of merchandise. We
believe that we have good relationships with suppliers. We also believe that alternative sources of
supply exist, at similar cost, for most types of product sold. Most of our merchandise flows
through our distribution centers to our stores by our fleet of tractors and trailers or by
third-party trucking firms.

Our hub stores have increased our ability to distribute products on a timely basis to many of our
stores and to expand our product assortment. A hub store is able to provide replenishment of
products sold and deliver other products maintained only in hub store inventories to a store in its
coverage area generally within 24 hours. Hub stores are generally replenished from distribution
centers multiple times per week.

Competition

The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive in many
areas, including name recognition, product availability, customer service, store location and
price. AutoZone competes in both the retail do-it-yourself (“DIY”) and commercial do-it-for-me
(“DIFM”) auto parts and accessories markets.

Competitors include national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts
stores, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition to discount and mass
merchandise stores, department stores, hardware stores, supermarkets, drugstores, convenience
stores and home stores that sell aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals, accessories,
tools and maintenance parts. AutoZone competes on the basis of customer service, including the
trustworthy advice of our AutoZoners, merchandise selection and availability, price, product
warranty, store layouts and location.

Trademarks and Patents

We have registered several service marks and trademarks in the United States Patent and Trademark
office as well as in certain other countries, including our service marks, “AutoZone” and “Get in
the Zone,” and trademarks, “AutoZone,” “Duralast,” “Duralast Gold,” “Valucraft,” “ALLDATA,”
“Loan-A-Tool” and “Z-net.” We believe that these service marks and trademarks are important
components of our merchandising and marketing strategy.

Employees

As of August 29, 2009, we employed approximately 60,000 persons, approximately 57 percent of whom
were employed full-time. About 92 percent of our AutoZoners were employed in stores or in direct
field supervision,
approximately 5 percent in distribution centers and approximately 3 percent in store support and
other functions. Included in the above numbers are approximately 3,000 persons employed in our
Mexico operations.

We have never experienced any material labor disruption and believe that relations with our
AutoZoners are generally good.

AutoZone Website

AutoZone’s primary website is at http://www.autozone.com. We make available, free of charge, at our
investor relations website, http://www.autozoneinc.com, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or
furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, as soon as reasonably feasible after we electronically file such material with, or furnish
it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission.

8

Table of Contents

Executive Officers of the Registrant

The following list describes our executive officers. The title of each executive officer includes
the words “Customer Satisfaction” which reflects our commitment to customer service. Officers are
elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors.

William C. Rhodes, III, 44—
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Customer Satisfaction

William C. Rhodes, III, was named Chairman of AutoZone during fiscal 2007 and has been President,
Chief Executive Officer and a director since March 2005. Prior to his appointment as President and
Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Rhodes was Executive Vice President—Store Operations and Commercial.
Prior to fiscal 2005, he had been Senior Vice President—Supply Chain and Information Technology
since fiscal 2002, and prior thereto had been Senior Vice President—Supply Chain since 2001.
Prior to that time, he served in various capacities within the Company, including Vice
President—Stores in 2000, Senior Vice President—Finance and Vice President—Finance in 1999 and
Vice President—Operations Analysis and Support from 1997 to 1999. Prior to 1994, Mr. Rhodes was a
manager with Ernst & Young LLP.

 William T. Giles, 50 —

Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance, Information
Technology and Store Development, Customer Satisfaction

William T. Giles was elected Executive Vice President — Finance, Information Technology and Store
Development during fiscal 2007. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and Treasurer from June 2006 to December 2006 and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer since May 2006. From 1991 to May 2006, he held several positions with Linens N’ Things,
Inc., most recently as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to 1991, he
was with Melville, Inc. and PricewaterhouseCoopers.

Harry L. Goldsmith, 58—Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel, Customer
Satisfaction

Harry L. Goldsmith was elected Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary during
fiscal 2006. Previously, he was Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since 1996
and was Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from 1993 to 1996.

Robert D. Olsen, 56—Executive Vice President—
Store Operations, Commercial and Mexico, Customer
Satisfaction

Robert D. Olsen has been Executive Vice President—Store Operations, Commercial and Mexico since
fiscal 2007. Effective November 1, 2009, he was elected Corporate Development Officer, with primary
responsibility for Mexico, ALLDATA and other strategic initiatives. Previously, he was Executive
Vice President—Supply Chain, Information Technology, Mexico and Store Development since fiscal
2006 and before that, Senior Vice President since fiscal 2000 with primary responsibility for store
development and Mexico operations. From 1993 to 2000, Mr. Olsen was Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of Leslie’s Poolmart. From 1985 to 1989, Mr. Olsen held several positions
with AutoZone, including Controller, Vice President
—Finance, and Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer.

James A. Shea, 64—Executive Vice President—Merchandising, Marketing and Supply Chain, Customer
Satisfaction

James A. Shea was elected Executive Vice President—Merchandising, Marketing and Supply Chain
during fiscal 2007 and has served as Executive Vice President—Merchandising and Marketing since
fiscal 2005. He was President and Co-founder of Portero during 2004. Prior to 2004, he was Chief
Executive Officer of Party City from 1999 to 2003. From 1995 to 1999, he was with Lechters
Housewares where he was Senior Vice President Marketing and Merchandising before being named
President in 1997. From 1990 to 1995, he was Senior Vice President of Home for Kaufmanns
Department Store, a division of May Company.

Jon A. Bascom, 
52—
Senior Vice President—Chief Information Officer, Customer Satisfaction

Jon A. Bascom was elected Senior Vice President—Chief Information Officer during fiscal 2008.
Previously, he was Vice President—Information Technology since 1996. Since 1989, Mr. Bascom has
worked in a variety of leadership roles in applications development, infrastructure, and technology
support. Prior to joining AutoZone, Mr. Bascom worked for Malone & Hyde, AutoZone’s predecessor
company, for 9 years.

Timothy W. Briggs, 48—
Senior Vice President—Human Resources, Customer Satisfaction

Timothy W. Briggs was elected Senior Vice President—Human Resources during fiscal 2006. Prior to
that, he was Vice President—Field Human Resources since March 2005. From 2002 to 2005, Mr. Briggs
was Vice President—Organization Development. From 1996 to 2002, Mr. Briggs served in various management capacities at
the Limited Inc., including Vice President, Human Resources.

9

Table of Contents

Mark A. Finestone, 
48—
Senior Vice President—Merchandising, Customer Satisfaction

Mark A. Finestone was elected Senior Vice President—Merchandising during fiscal 2008. Previously,
he was Vice President—Merchandising since 2002. Prior to joining AutoZone in 2002, Mr. Finestone
worked for May Department Stores for 19 years where he held a variety of leadership roles which
included Divisional Vice President, Merchandising.

William W. Graves, 
49—
Senior Vice President—Supply Chain, Customer Satisfaction

William W. Graves was elected Senior Vice President—Supply Chain during fiscal 2006. Prior
thereto, he was Vice President—Supply Chain since 2000. From 1992 to 2000, Mr. Graves served in
various capacities with the Company.

Lisa R. Kranc, 56—Senior Vice President—Marketing, Customer Satisfaction

Lisa R. Kranc was elected Senior Vice President—Marketing during fiscal 2001. Previously, she was
Vice President
—Marketing for Hannaford Bros. Co., a Maine-based grocery chain, since 1997, and was
Senior Vice President
—Marketing for Bruno’s, Inc., from 1996 to 1997. Prior to 1996, she was Vice
President-Marketing for Giant Eagle, Inc. since 1992.

Thomas B. Newbern, 47—Senior Vice President—Store Operations, Customer Satisfaction

Thomas B. Newbern was elected Senior Vice President—Store Operations during fiscal 2007.
Previously, Mr. Newbern held the title Vice President—Store Operations for AutoZone since 1998. A
twenty-two year AutoZoner, he has held several key management positions with the Company.

Charlie Pleas, III, 44—Senior Vice President, Controller, Customer Satisfaction

Charlie Pleas, III, was elected Senior Vice President and Controller during fiscal 2007. Prior to
that, he was Vice President, Controller since 2003. Previously, he was Vice President—Accounting
since 2000, and Director of General Accounting since 1996. Prior to joining AutoZone, Mr. Pleas was
a Division Controller with Fleming Companies, Inc. where he served in various capacities from 1988.

Larry M. Roesel, 52—Senior Vice President—Commercial, Customer Satisfaction

Larry M. Roesel joined AutoZone as Senior Vice President—Commercial during fiscal 2007. Mr. Roesel
came to AutoZone with more than thirty years of experience with OfficeMax, Inc. and its
predecessor, where he served in operations, sales and general management.



Our business is subject to a variety of risks. Set forth below are certain of the important risks
that we face and that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results.
These risks are not the only ones we face. Our business could also be affected by additional
factors that are presently unknown to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial to our
business.

Continued deterioration in the global credit markets, changes in our credit ratings and
macroeconomic factors could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Our short-term and long-term debt is rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. These
investment-grade credit ratings have historically allowed us to take advantage of lower interest
rates and other favorable terms on our short-term credit lines, in our senior debt offerings and in
the commercial paper markets. To maintain our investment-grade ratings, we are required to meet
certain financial performance ratios. An increase in our debt and/or a decline in our earnings
could result in downgrades in our credit ratings. A downgrade in our credit ratings could result
in an increase in interest rates and more restrictive terms on certain of our senior debt and our
commercial paper, could limit our access to public debt markets, could limit the institutions
willing to provide credit facilities to us and could significantly increase the interest rates on
such facilities from current levels.

10

Table of Contents

Moreover, significant deterioration in the financial condition of large financial institutions has
resulted in a severe loss of liquidity and availability of credit in global credit markets and in
higher short-term borrowing costs and more stringent borrowing terms. During brief time intervals
in the fourth quarter of calendar 2008 and the first quarter of calendar 2009, there was no
liquidity in the commercial paper markets, resulting in an absence of commercial paper buyers and
extraordinary high interest rates on commercial paper. Persistent recessionary conditions around
the world could continue to affect the cost and availability of debt. We can provide no assurance
that credit market events such as those that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2008 and the first
quarter of 2009 will not occur again in the foreseeable future. Conditions and events in the global
credit market could have a material adverse effect on our access to short-term debt and the terms
and cost of that debt.

Macroeconomic conditions also impact both our customers and our suppliers. Continued recessionary
conditions could result in additional job losses and business failures, which could result in our
loss of certain small business customers and curtailment of spending by our retail customers. In
addition, continued distress in global credit markets, business failures and other recessionary
conditions could have a material adverse effect on the ability of our suppliers to meet our
inventory demands. All of these macroeconomic conditions could adversely affect our sales growth,
margins and overhead, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operations.

We may not be able to sustain our recent rate of sales growth.

We have increased our store count in the past five fiscal years, growing from 3,483 stores at
August 28, 2004, to 4,417 stores at August 29, 2009, an average store count increase per year of
5%. Additionally, we have increased annual revenues in the past five fiscal years from $5.637
billion in fiscal 2004 to $6.817 billion in fiscal 2009, an average increase per year of 4%.
Annual revenue growth is driven by the opening of new stores and increases in same-store sales. We
open new stores only after evaluating customer buying trends and market demand/needs, all of which
could be adversely affected by continued job losses, wage cuts, small business failures and
microeconomic conditions unique to the automotive industry. Some of our new store openings are
expected to be in Mexico, where legal and political factors can adversely affect our ability to
obtain sites or permits to operate new stores. Same store sales are impacted both by customer
demand levels and by the prices we are able to charge for our products, which can also be
negatively impacted by continued recessionary pressures. We cannot provide any assurance that we
will continue to open stores at historical rates or achieve increases in same-store sales.

Our business depends upon qualified employees.

At the end of fiscal 2009, our consolidated employee count was approximately 60,000. We cannot
assure that we can continue to hire and retain qualified employees at current wage rates. If we do
not maintain competitive wages, our customer service could suffer by reason of a declining quality
of our workforce or, alternatively, our earnings could decrease if we increase our wage rates.

If demand for our products slows, then our business may be materially affected.

Demand for products sold by our stores depends on many factors, including:

•

the number of miles vehicles are driven annually. Higher vehicle mileage increases the
need for maintenance and repair. Mileage levels may be affected by gas prices and other
factors.

•

the number of vehicles in current service that are seven years old and older. These
vehicles are generally no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers’ warranties and
tend to need more maintenance and repair than younger vehicles.

•

the weather. Inclement weather may cause vehicle maintenance to be deferred.

•

the economy. In periods of rapidly declining economic conditions, both retail DIY and
commercial DIFM customers may defer vehicle maintenance or repair. Additionally, such
conditions may affect our customers’ credit availability. During periods of expansionary
economic conditions, more of our DIY customers may pay others to repair and maintain their
cars instead of working on their own vehicles or they may purchase new vehicles.

11

Table of Contents

•

rising energy prices. Increases in energy prices may cause our customers to defer
purchases of certain of our products as they use a higher percentage of their income to pay
for gasoline and other energy costs.

For the long term, demand for our products may depend upon:

•

the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the
length of the warranties or maintenance offered on new vehicles; and

•

restrictions on access to diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the
original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation.

All of these factors could result in immediate and longer term declines in the demand for our
products, which could adversely affect our sales, cash flows and overall financial condition.

If we are unable to compete successfully against other businesses that sell the products that we
sell, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.

The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive and is based
on many factors, including name recognition, product availability, customer service, store location
and price. Competitors are opening locations near our existing stores. AutoZone competes as a
supplier in both the DIY and DIFM auto parts and accessories markets.

Competitors include national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts
stores, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition to discount and mass
merchandise stores, department stores, hardware stores, supermarkets, drugstores, convenience
stores and home stores that sell aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals, accessories,
tools and maintenance parts. Although we believe we compete effectively on the basis of customer
service, including the knowledge and expertise of our AutoZoners; merchandise quality, selection
and availability; product warranty; store layout, location and convenience; price; and the strength
of our AutoZone brand name, trademarks and service marks; some competitors may gain competitive
advantages, such as greater financial and marketing resources, larger stores with more merchandise,
longer operating histories, more frequent customer visits and more effective advertising. If we are
unable to continue to develop successful competitive strategies, or if our competitors develop more
effective strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.

If we cannot profitably increase our market share in the commercial auto parts business, our sales
growth may be limited.

Although we are one of the largest sellers of auto parts in the commercial market, to increase
commercial sales we must compete against national and regional auto parts chains, independently
owned parts stores, wholesalers and jobbers, repair shops and auto dealers. Although we believe we
compete effectively on the basis of customer service, merchandise quality, selection and
availability, price, product warranty and distribution locations, and the strength of our AutoZone
brand name, trademarks and service marks, some automotive aftermarket jobbers have been in business
for substantially longer periods of time than we have, have developed long-term customer
relationships and have large available inventories. If we are unable to profitably develop new
commercial customers, our sales growth may be limited.

Consolidation among our competitors may negatively impact our business.

Recently some of our competitors have merged. Consolidation among our competitors could enhance
their financial position, provide them with the ability to achieve better purchasing terms allowing
them to provide more competitive prices to customers for whom we compete, and allow them to achieve
efficiencies in their mergers that allow for more effective use of advertising and marketing
dollars and allow them to more effectively compete for customers. These consolidated competitors
could take sales volume away from us in certain markets and could cause us to change our pricing
with a negative impact on our margins or could cause us to spend more money to maintain customers
or seek new customers, all of which could negatively impact our business.

12

Table of Contents

War or acts of terrorism or the threat of either, may negatively impact availability of merchandise
and adversely impact our sales.

War or acts of terrorism, or the threat of either, may have a negative impact on our ability to
obtain merchandise available for sale in our stores. Some of our merchandise is imported from other
countries. If imported goods become difficult or impossible to bring into the United States, and if
we cannot obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar costs, our sales and profit margins
may be negatively affected.

In the event that commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially delayed, our business may
be adversely impacted, as we may have difficulty shipping merchandise to our distribution centers
and stores.

Rising energy prices may negatively impact our profitability.

As mentioned above, rising energy prices may impact demand for the products that we sell, overall
transaction count and our profitability. Higher energy prices impact our merchandise distribution,
commercial delivery, utility and product costs.

Our largest stockholder, as a result of its voting ownership, may have the ability to exert
substantial influence over actions to be taken or approved by our stockholders.

As of October 19, 2009, ESL Investments, Inc. and certain of its investment affiliates (together,
“ESL”) beneficially owned approximately 40% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. As a
result, ESL may have the ability to exert substantial influence over actions to be taken or
approved by our stockholders, including the election of directors and any transactions involving a
change of control.

In the future, ESL may acquire or sell shares of common stock and thereby increase or decrease its
ownership stake in us. Significant fluctuations in their level of ownership could have an impact
on our share price.

In June 2008, we entered into an agreement with ESL (the “ESL Agreement”), in which ESL has agreed
to vote shares of our common stock owned by ESL in excess of 40% in the same proportion as all
non-ESL-owned shares are voted. Following the annual meeting of stockholders of the Company for
the fiscal year ending on August 29, 2009, the applicable percentage threshold is reduced from 40%
to 37.5% of the then outstanding common stock. Additionally, under the terms of the agreement, the
Company added two directors in August 2008 that were identified by ESL. William C. Crowley, one
of the two appointed directors, is the President and Chief Operating Officer of ESL Investments,
Inc. The ESL Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.22 to this Form 10-K.