Our business is subject to a variety of risks. Set forth below are certain of the important risks
that we face and that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results.
These risks are not the only ones we face. Our business could also be affected by additional
factors that are presently unknown to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial to our
business.

We may not be able to sustain our recent rate of sales growth.

We have increased our store count in the past five fiscal years, growing from 3,268 stores at
August 30, 2003, to 4,240 stores at August 30, 2008, an average store count increase per year of
5%. Additionally, we have increased annual revenues in the past five fiscal years from $5.457
billion in fiscal 2003 to $6.523 billion in fiscal 2008, an average increase per year of 4%.
Annual revenue growth is driven by the opening of new stores and same-store sales. We cannot
provide any assurance that we can continue to open stores or increase same-store sales.

10

Table of Contents

Our business depends upon qualified employees.

At the end of fiscal 2008, our consolidated employee count was approximately 57,000. We cannot
assure that we can continue to hire and retain qualified employees at current wage rates. If we do
not maintain competitive wages, our customer service could suffer by reason of a declining quality
of our workforce or, alternatively, our earnings could decrease if we increase our wage rates.

If demand for our products slows, then our business may be materially affected.

Demand for products sold by our stores depends on many factors. In the short term, it may depend
upon:

•

the number of miles vehicles are driven annually. Higher vehicle mileage increases the
need for maintenance and repair. Mileage levels may be affected by gas prices and other
factors.

•

the number of vehicles in current service that are seven years old and older. These
vehicles are generally no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers’ warranties and
tend to need more maintenance and repair than younger vehicles.

•

the weather. Inclement weather may cause vehicle maintenance to be deferred.

•

the economy. In periods of rapidly declining economic conditions, both retail DIY and
commercial do-it-for-me (“DIFM”) customers may defer vehicle maintenance or repair.
Additionally, such conditions may affect our customers’ credit availability. During
periods of expansionary economic conditions, more of our DIY customers may pay others to
repair and maintain their cars instead of working on their own vehicles or they may
purchase new vehicles.

•

rising energy prices. Increases in energy prices may cause our customers to defer
purchases of certain of our products as they use a higher percentage of their income to pay
for gasoline and other energy costs.

For the long term, demand for our products may depend upon:

•

the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the
length of the warranties or maintenance offered on new vehicles; and

•

restrictions on access to diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the
original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation.

If we are unable to compete successfully against other businesses that sell the products that we
sell, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.

The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive based on many
factors, including name recognition, product availability, customer service, store location and
price. Competitors are rapidly opening locations near our existing stores. AutoZone competes as a
supplier in both the DIY and DIFM auto parts and accessories markets.

Competitors include national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts
stores, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition to discount and mass
merchandise stores, department stores, hardware stores, supermarkets, drugstores, convenience
stores and home stores that sell aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals, accessories,
tools and maintenance parts. Although we believe we compete effectively on the basis of customer
service, including the knowledge and expertise of our AutoZoners; merchandise quality, selection
and availability; product warranty; store layout, location and convenience; price; and the strength
of our AutoZone brand name, trademarks and service marks; some competitors may have competitive
advantages, such as greater financial and marketing resources, larger stores with more merchandise,
longer operating histories, more frequent customer visits and more effective advertising. If we are
unable to continue to develop successful competitive strategies, or if our competitors develop more
effective strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.

11

Table of Contents

If we cannot profitably increase our market share in the commercial auto parts business, our sales
growth may be limited.

Although we are one of the largest sellers of auto parts in the commercial market, to increase
commercial sales we must compete against national and regional auto parts chains, independently
owned parts stores, wholesalers and jobbers, repair shops and auto dealers. Although we believe we
compete effectively on the basis of customer service, merchandise quality, selection and
availability, price, product warranty and distribution locations, and the strength of our AutoZone
brand name, trademarks and service marks, some automotive aftermarket jobbers have been in business
for substantially longer periods of time than we have, have developed long-term customer
relationships and have large available inventories. We can make no assurances that we can
profitably develop new commercial customers or make available inventories required by commercial
customers.

If our vendors continue to consolidate, we may pay higher prices for our merchandise.

In recent years, several of our vendors have merged. Further vendor consolidation could limit the
number of vendors from which we may purchase products and could materially affect the prices we pay
for these products.

Consolidation among our competitors may negatively impact our business.

Recently some of our competitors have merged. If this trend continues or they are able to achieve
efficiencies in their mergers, there may be greater competitive pressures in the markets in which
they are stronger.

War or acts of terrorism or the threat of either may negatively impact availability of merchandise
and adversely impact our sales.

War or acts of terrorism, or the threat of either, may have a negative impact on our ability to
obtain merchandise available for sale in our stores. Some of our merchandise is imported from other
countries. If imported goods become difficult or impossible to bring into the United States, and if
we cannot obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar costs, our sales and profit margins
may be negatively affected.

In the event that commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially delayed, our business may
be adversely impacted, as we may have difficulty shipping merchandise to our distribution centers
and stores.

Rising energy prices may negatively impact our profitability.

As mentioned above, rising energy prices may impact demand for the products that we sell, overall
transaction count and our profitability. Higher energy prices impact our merchandise distribution,
commercial delivery, utility and product costs.

Demand for our merchandise may decline if vehicle manufacturers refuse to make available the
information our customers need to work on their own vehicles.

Demand for our merchandise may decline if vehicle manufacturers refuse to make available to the
automotive aftermarket industry diagnostic, repair and maintenance information that our customers,
both retail (“DIY”) and commercial (“DIFM”), require to diagnose, repair and maintain their
vehicles. Without public dissemination of this information, consumers may be forced to have all
diagnostic work, repairs and maintenance performed by the vehicle manufacturers’ dealer network.

12

Table of Contents

Deteriorating conditions in the global credit markets, changes in our credit ratings and
macroeconomic factors could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Our short-term and long-term debt is rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. These
investment-grade credit ratings have historically allowed us to take advantage of lower interest
rates and other favorable terms on our short-term credit lines, in our senior debt offerings and in
the commercial paper markets. To maintain our investment-grade ratings, we are required to meet
certain financial performance ratios. An increase in our debt and/or a decline in our earnings
could result in downgrades in our credit ratings. A downgrade in our credit ratings could result
in an increase in interest rates and more restrictive terms on certain of our senior debt and our
commercial paper, could limit our access to public debt markets, could limit the institutions
willing to provide credit facilities to us and could significantly increase the interest rates on
such facilities from current levels.

Moreover, over the past several months, significant deterioration in the financial condition of
large financial institutions has resulted in a severe loss of liquidity and availability in global
credit markets and in higher short-term borrowing costs and more stringent borrowing terms.
Recessionary conditions in the global economy threaten to cause further tightening of the credit
markets, more stringent lending standards and terms and higher volatility in interest rates.
Persistence of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our access to short-term
debt and the terms and cost of that debt. In addition, further deterioration in the U.S. economy
could adversely affect our corporate results, which could adversely affect our financial condition
and operations.