Our
 business is subject to a variety of risks. Set forth below are certain of the
 important risks that we face and that could cause actual results to differ
 materially from historical results. These risks are not the only ones we face.
 Our business could also be affected by additional factors that are presently
 unknown to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial to our
 business.

We
 may not be able to increase sales by the same historic growth
 rates.

We
 have
 increased our store count in the past five fiscal years, growing from 3,107
 stores at August 31, 2002, to 4,056 stores at August 25, 2007, an average store
 count increase per year of 5%. Additionally, we have increased annual revenues
 in the past five fiscal years from $5.326 billion in fiscal 2002 to $6.170
 billion in fiscal 2007, an average increase per year of 3%. Annual revenue
 growth is driven by the opening of new stores and same-store sales. We cannot
 provide any assurance that we can continue to open stores or increase same-store
 sales.

Our
 business depends upon qualified employees.

At
 the
 end of fiscal 2007, our consolidated employee count was approximately 55,000.
 We
 cannot assure that we can continue to hire and retain qualified employees at
 current wage rates. If we do not maintain competitive wages, our customer
 service could suffer by reason of a declining quality of our workforce or,
 alternatively, our earnings could decrease if we increase our wage
 rates.

 10

If
 demand for our products slows, then our business may be materially
 affected.

Demand
 for products sold by our stores depends on many factors. In the short term,
 it
 may depend upon:

 ·

 the
 number of miles vehicles are driven annually, as higher vehicle mileage
 increases the need for maintenance and repair. Mileage levels may
 be
 affected by gas prices and other
 factors.

 ·

 the
 number of vehicles in current service that are seven years old and
 older,
 as these vehicles are no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers’
 warranties and will need more maintenance and repair than younger
 vehicles.

 ·

 the
 weather, as vehicle maintenance may be deferred.

 ·

 the
 economy. In periods of rapidly declining economic conditions, both
 retail
 DIY and commercial DIFM customers may defer vehicle maintenance or
 repair.
 During periods of expansionary economic conditions, more of our DIY
 customers may pay others to repair and maintain their cars instead
 of
 working on their own vehicles or they may purchase new vehicles.

For
 the
 long term, demand for our products may depend upon:

 ·

 the
 quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers
 and the length of the warranty or maintenance offered on new
 vehicles.

 ·

 restrictions
 on access to diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the
 original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental
 regulation.

If
 we are unable to compete successfully against other businesses that sell
 the

products
 that we sell, we could lose customers and our sales and profits
 may

decline.

The
 sale
 of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive
 based on many factors, including name recognition, product availability,
 customer service, store location and price. Competitors are rapidly opening
 locations near our existing stores. AutoZone competes as a supplier in both
 the
 DIY and DIFM auto parts and accessories markets.

Competitors
 include national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned
 parts stores, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition
 to
 discount and mass merchandise stores, department stores, hardware stores,
 supermarkets, drugstores, convenience stores and home stores that sell
 aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals, accessories, tools and
 maintenance parts. Although we believe we compete effectively on the basis
 of
 customer service, including the knowledge and expertise of our AutoZoners;
 merchandise quality, selection and availability; product warranty; store layout,
 location and convenience; price; and the strength of our AutoZone brand name,
 trademarks and service marks; some competitors may have competitive advantages,
 such as greater financial and marketing resources, larger stores with more
 merchandise, longer operating histories, more frequent customer visits and
 more
 effective advertising. If we are unable to continue to develop successful
 competitive strategies, or if our competitors develop more effective strategies,
 we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.

If
 we cannot profitably increase our market share in the commercial auto
 parts

business,
 our sales growth may be limited.

Although
 we are one of the largest sellers of auto parts in the commercial market, to
 increase commercial sales we must compete against national and regional auto
 parts chains, independently owned parts stores, wholesalers and jobbers, repair
 shops and auto dealers. Although we believe we compete effectively on the basis
 of customer service, merchandise quality, selection and availability, price,
 product warranty and distribution locations, and the strength of our AutoZone
 brand name, trademarks and service marks, some automotive aftermarket jobbers
 have been in business for substantially longer periods of time than we have,
 have developed long-term customer relationships and have large available
 inventories. We can make no assurances that we can profitably develop new
 commercial customers or make available inventories required by commercial
 customers.

 11

If
 our vendors continue to consolidate, we may pay higher prices for
 our

merchandise.

In
 recent
 years, several of our vendors have merged. Further vendor consolidation could
 limit the number of vendors from which we may purchase products and could
 materially affect the prices we pay for these products.

Consolidation
 among our competitors may negatively impact our business.

If
 our
 competitors consolidate with other auto parts chains and are able to achieve
 efficiencies in their mergers, then there may be greater competitive pressures
 in the markets in which they are stronger.

War
 or acts of terrorism or the threat of either may negatively
 impact

availability
 of merchandise and adversely impact our sales.

War
 or
 acts of terrorism, or the threat of either, may have a negative impact on our
 ability to obtain merchandise available for sale in our stores. Some of our
 merchandise is imported from other countries. If imported goods become difficult
 or impossible to bring into the United States, and if we cannot obtain such
 merchandise from other sources at similar costs, our sales and profit margins
 may be negatively affected.

In
 the
 event that commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially delayed,
 our
 business may be adversely impacted, as we may have difficulty shipping
 merchandise to our distribution centers and stores.

Rising
 energy prices may negatively impact our profitability.

As
 mentioned above, rising energy prices may impact demand for the products that
 we
 sell, overall transaction count and our profitability. Higher energy prices
 impact our merchandise distribution, commercial delivery, utility, and product
 costs. 

Demand
 for our merchandise may decline if vehicle manufacturers refuse to make
 available the information our customers need to work on their own
 vehicles.

Demand
 for our merchandise may decline if vehicle manufacturers refuse to make
 available to the automotive aftermarket industry diagnostic, repair and
 maintenance information that our customers, both retail (“DIY”) and commercial
 (“DIFM”), require to diagnose, repair and maintain their vehicles. Without
 public dissemination of this information, consumers may be forced to have all
 diagnostic work, repairs and maintenance performed by the vehicle manufacturers'
 dealer network.