An investment
in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties and our actual results and future trends may differ materially from our past performance due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the following: 

We depend heavily upon commercial customers, our suppliers and the worldwide market, which are
subject to unique risks. 

We derive a
significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of major commercial airlines, some of which have encountered financial difficulties. We depend on a limited number of customers, including the major commercial airlines. We can make no
assurance that any customer will purchase additional products or services from us after our contract with the customer ends. Financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, of any of the major commercial airlines could significantly reduce our
revenues and our opportunity to generate a profit. Several commercial airlines have filed for or recently emerged from bankruptcy. 

5 

Table of Contents

Our ability to deliver aircraft on time depends on a variety of factors, which are subject to
unique risks. Our ability to deliver jet aircraft on schedule is dependent upon a variety of factors, including execution of internal performance plans, availability of raw materials (such as aluminum, titanium, and composites), internal and
supplier produced parts and structures, conversion of raw materials into parts and assemblies, performance of suppliers and subcontractors, and regulatory certification. The failure of any or all of these factors could result in significant
out-of-sequence work and disrupted process flows that result in significant inefficiencies and that adversely affect production schedules and program/contract profitability, the latter through possible customer and/or supplier claims or assertions.
In addition, the introduction of new commercial aircraft programs and major derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production and certification schedules. 

We rely on market conditions to sell aircraft into the future.
The worldwide market for commercial jet aircraft is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger traffic. The principal factors underlying long-term traffic growth are sustained economic growth and political stability, both in
developed and emerging countries. Demand for our commercial aircraft is further influenced by airline industry profitability, world trade policies, government-to-government relations, terrorism, disease outbreaks, environmental constraints imposed
upon aircraft operations, technological changes, price and other competitive factors. 

Our commercial aircraft customers may request to cancel, modify or reschedule orders. We generally make sales under purchase orders that are subject to cancellation, modification or rescheduling.
Changes in the economic environment and the financial condition of the airline industry could result in customer requests for rescheduling or cancellation of contractual orders. If there were such cancellations, modification or rescheduling, it
could significantly reduce our revenues. 

Our
commercial aircraft production rates could change. As a result of worldwide demand for new aircraft, we have received more than one thousand net orders per year during 2007, 2006 and 2005. There may be production rate changes in order to meet
the delivery schedules for existing and new airplane programs. This may lead to adding extra production lines, implementing infrastructure changes, seeking additional qualified and skilled employees, and obtaining other resources. Failure to
successfully implement any production rate changes could lead to missed delivery commitments, and depending on the length of delay in meeting delivery commitments, additional costs and customers rescheduling their deliveries or terminating their
aircraft on contract with us. 

We depend heavily on U.S. government contracts,
which are subject to unique risks. 

In 2007, 42% of our revenues
were derived from U.S. government contracts. In addition to normal business risks, our contracts with the U.S. government are subject to unique risks some of which are beyond our control. 

The funding of U.S. government programs is subject to congressional
appropriations. Many of the U.S. government programs in which we participate may extend for several years; however, these programs are normally funded annually. Long-term government contracts and related orders are subject to cancellation if
appropriations for subsequent performance periods are not made. The termination of funding for a U.S. government program would result in a loss of anticipated future revenues attributable to that program, which could have a materially negative
impact on our operations. 

The U.S. government may
modify, curtail or terminate our contracts. The U.S. government may modify, curtail or terminate its contracts and subcontracts without prior notice at its convenience upon payment for work done and commitments made at the time of termination.
Modification, curtailment or termination of our major programs or contracts could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

6 

Table of Contents

Our contract costs are subject to audits by U.S. government agencies. U.S. government
representatives may audit the costs we incur on our U.S. government contracts, including allocated indirect costs. Such audits could result in adjustments to our contract costs. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will
not be reimbursed, and such costs already reimbursed must be refunded. We have recorded contract revenues based upon costs we expect to realize upon final audit. However, we do not know the outcome of any future audits and adjustments and we may be
required to reduce our revenues or profits upon completion and final negotiation of audits. If any audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination
of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. government. 

Our business is subject to potential U.S. government inquiries and investigations. We are sometimes subject to certain U.S. government
inquiries and investigations of our business practices due to our participation in government contracts. Any such inquiry or investigation could potentially result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Our U.S. government business is also subject to
specific procurement regulations and other requirements. These requirements, although customary in U.S. government contracts, increase our performance and compliance costs. These costs might increase in the future, reducing our margins, which
could have a negative effect on our financial condition. Failure to comply with these regulations and requirements could lead to suspension or debarment, for cause, from U.S. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time and could
have a negative effect on our reputation and ability to secure future U.S. government contracts. 

We enter into fixed-price contracts, which could subject us to losses if we have cost overruns. 

Many of our contracts in IDS and Commercial Airplanes are contracted on a fixed-price basis. Approximately 50% of IDS revenues are generated from fixed-price
contracts, and commercial jet aircraft are normally sold on a firm fixed-price basis with an indexed price escalation clause. While firm fixed-price contracts allow us to benefit from cost savings, they also expose us to the risk of cost overruns.
If the initial estimates we use to calculate the contract price and the cost to perform the work prove to be incorrect, we could incur losses. In addition, some of our contracts have specific provisions relating to cost, schedule, and performance.
If we fail to meet the terms specified in those contracts, then our cost to perform the work could increase or our price could be reduced, which would adversely affect our financial condition. These programs have risk for reach-forward losses if our
estimated costs exceed our estimated price. 

Fixed-price development work
inherently has more uncertainty than production contracts and, therefore, more variability in estimates of the cost to complete the work. Many of these development programs have very complex designs. As technical or quality issues arise, we may
experience schedule delays and cost impacts, which could increase our estimated cost to perform the work or reduce our estimated price, either of which could result in a material charge. Some fixed-price development contracts include initial
production units in their scope of work. Successful performance of these contracts depends on our ability to meet production specifications and delivery rates. If we are unable to perform and deliver to contract requirements, our contract price
could be reduced through the incorporation of liquidated damages, termination of the contract for default, or other financially significant exposure. Management uses its best judgment to estimate the cost to perform the work and the price we will
eventually be paid on fixed-price development programs. While we believe the cost and price estimates incorporated in the financial statements are appropriate, future events could result in either upward or downward adjustments to those estimates.
For example, in 2006 we recorded charges of $770 million on our AEW&C program, delayed delivery of the first two aircraft and revised the delivery schedule for the remaining aircraft under this program. We may continue to experience 

7 

Table of Contents

technical quality issues requiring further delays in schedule or revisions to our cost estimates. Examples of other significant fixed-price development contracts
include KC-767 Tankers, commercial and military satellites, Vigilare and High Frequency Modernisation. 

We enter into cost-type contracts which also carry risks. 

Approximately 50% of IDS revenues are generated from cost-type contracting arrangements. Some of these are development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. These cost-type programs typically have award
or incentive fees that are subject to uncertainty and may be earned over extended periods. In these cases the associated financial risks are primarily in lower profit rates or program cancellation if cost, schedule, or technical performance issues
arise. Programs whose contracts are primarily cost-type include GMD, FCS, P-8A Poseidon, Proprietary programs, Airborne Laser, JTRS, FAB-T, and the E/A-18G Growler. 

We enter into contracts that include in-orbit incentive payments that subject us to risks. 

Contracts in the commercial satellite industry include in-orbit incentive payments,
and government satellite contracts also may include in-orbit incentives. These in-orbit payments may be paid over time after final satellite acceptance or paid in full prior to final satellite acceptance. In both cases, the in-orbit incentive
is at risk if the satellite does not perform to specifications for up to 15 years after acceptance. The net present value of in-orbit incentive fees we ultimately expect to realize is recognized as revenue in the construction period.
If the satellite fails to meet contractual performance criteria, customers will not be obligated to continue making in-orbit payments and/or we may be required to provide refunds to the customer and incur significant charges. 

We use estimates in accounting for many contracts and programs. Changes in our estimates could
adversely affect our future financial results. 

Contract and
program accounting require judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating contract revenues and costs and making assumptions for schedule and technical issues. Due to the size and nature of many of our contracts and programs, the estimation of
total revenues and cost at completion is complicated and subject to many variables. Assumptions have to be made regarding the length of time to complete the contract or program because costs also include expected increases in wages, materials prices
and allocated fixed costs. Incentives or penalties related to performance on contracts are considered in estimating sales and profit rates, and are recorded when there is sufficient information for us to assess anticipated performance. Estimates of
award fees are also used in sales and profit rates based on actual and anticipated awards. 

Under program accounting, inventoriable production costs (including overhead), program tooling costs and routine warranty costs are accumulated and charged as cost of sales by program instead of by individual units or
contracts. A program consists of the estimated number of units (accounting quantity) of a product to be produced in a continuing, long-term production effort for delivery under existing and anticipated contracts limited by the ability to make
reasonable dependable estimates. To establish the relationship of sales to cost of sales, program accounting requires estimates of (a) the number of units to be produced and sold in a program, (b) the period over which the units can
reasonably be expected to be produced, and (c) the units’ expected sales prices, production costs, program tooling, and routine warranty costs for the total program. Several factors determine accounting quantity, including firm orders,
letters of intent from prospective customers, and market studies. Such estimates are reconsidered throughout the life of our programs. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates concerning the selection of the initial accounting
quantity or changes in market conditions, along with a failure to realize predicted costs, may adversely affect future financial performance. 

8 

Table of Contents

Because of the significance of the judgments and estimation processes described above, it is likely that materially
different sales and profit amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates may adversely affect future period financial
performance. For additional information on our accounting policies for recognizing sales and profits, see our discussion under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis—Critical Accounting Policies—Contract Accounting/Program
Accounting” on pages 43-44 and Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 53-54 of this Form 10-K. 

Significant changes in discount rates, actual investment return on pension assets, and other factors could affect our earnings, equity, and pension contributions in future
periods. 

Our earnings may be positively or negatively impacted
by the amount of income or expense we record for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP) require that we calculate income or expense for the plans using
actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions relating to financial market and other economic conditions. Changes in key economic indicators can change the assumptions. The most significant year-end assumptions used to estimate pension
or other postretirement income or expense for the following year are the discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, and expected future medical inflation. In addition, we are required to make an annual measurement of plan
assets and liabilities, which may result in a significant change to equity through a reduction or increase to Other comprehensive income. For a discussion regarding how our financial statements can be affected by pension and other postretirement
plan accounting policies, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis—Critical Accounting Policies—Postretirement Plans” on pages 46-47 of this Form 10-K. Although GAAP expense and pension or other postretirement contributions
are not directly related, the key economic factors that affect GAAP expense would also likely affect the amount of cash we would contribute to the pension or other postretirement plans. Potential pension contributions include both mandatory amounts
required under federal law Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) and discretionary contributions to improve the plans’ funded status. 

Some of our workforce is represented by labor unions, which may lead to work stoppages. 

Approximately 58,197 of our employees are unionized, which represented approximately 38% of our employees at December 31, 2007. We experienced
work stoppages in 2005 when labor strikes halted commercial aircraft and IDS production and we may experience additional work stoppages in the future, which could adversely affect our business. We cannot predict how stable our relationships,
currently with 17 different U.S. labor organizations and 7 different non-U.S. labor organizations, will be or whether we will be able to meet the unions’ requirements without impacting our financial condition. The unions may also limit our
flexibility in dealing with our workforce. Work stoppages and instability in our union relationships could negatively impact the timely production of our products, which could strain relationships with customers and cause a loss of revenues that
would adversely affect our results of operations. 

Competition within our markets
may reduce our procurement of future contracts and sales.

The
markets in which we operate are highly competitive. Our competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do in some areas. In addition, some of our largest customers could develop
the capability to manufacture products or provide services similar to products that we manufacture or services that we provide. This would result in these customers supplying their own products or services and competing directly with us for sales of
these products or services, all of which could significantly reduce our revenues. Furthermore, we are facing increased international competition and cross-border consolidation of competition. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete
successfully against our current or future competitors or that the competitive pressures we face will not result in reduced revenues and market share. 

9 

Table of Contents

We derive a significant portion of our revenues from non-U.S. sales and are subject to the risks of doing business in other
countries. 

In 2007, sales to non-U.S. customers accounted for
approximately 40% of our revenues. We expect that non-U.S. sales will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues for the foreseeable future. As a result, we are subject to risks of doing business internationally, including:

·

 changes in regulatory requirements 

·

 domestic and international government policies, including requirements to expend a portion of program funds locally and governmental industrial cooperation requirements

·

 fluctuations in international currency exchange rates 

·

 delays in placing orders 

·

 the complexity and necessity of using non-U.S. representatives and consultants 

·

 the uncertainty of adequate and available transportation 

·

 the uncertainty of the ability of non-U.S. customers to finance purchases 

·

 uncertainties and restrictions concerning the availability of funding credit or guarantees 

·

 imposition of tariffs or embargoes, export controls and other trade restrictions 

·

 the difficulty of management and operation of an enterprise spread over various countries 

·

 compliance with a variety of international laws, as well as U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad 

·

 economic and geopolitical developments and conditions 

While the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our operations in the future. 

The outcome of litigation in which we have been named as a defendant is unpredictable and an
adverse decision in any such matter could have a material adverse affect on our financial position and results of operations. 

We are defendants in a number of litigation matters. These claims may divert financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit our
operations. Although we believe that we have meritorious defenses to the claims, no assurances can be given that the results of these matters will be favorable to us. An adverse resolution of any of these lawsuits could have a material adverse
affect on our financial position and results of operations. 

A substantial
deterioration in the financial condition of the commercial airline industry as it relates to Boeing Capital Corporation may have an adverse effect on our earnings, cash flows and/or financial position. 

BCC, our wholly-owned subsidiary, has a substantial portion of its portfolio
concentrated among commercial airline customers. A material adverse effect in the airline industry could result in significant defaults by airline customers, repossessions of aircraft, airline bankruptcies, or restructurings. Bankruptcies or
restructurings of our current or potential customers could lead to reduced demand for leased aircraft and reduced aircraft lease rates and aircraft values. These events could have a negative effect on our earnings, cash flows and/or financial
position. 

10 

Table of Contents

We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, joint ventures/strategic alliances or divestitures. 

As part of our business strategy, we acquire businesses and form joint
ventures/strategic alliances. Whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these transactions will depend in part upon the integration of the acquired business, the performance of the acquired products, capabilities or technologies and the
management of strategic investments. Accordingly, our results of operations could be adversely affected from transaction-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles, charges for impairment of long-term assets, credit guarantees
and indemnifications. Consolidations of joint ventures could also impact our results of operations or financial position. While we believe that we have established appropriate and adequate procedures and processes to mitigate these risks, there is
no assurance that these transactions will be successful. Divestitures may result in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements, following the transaction. Nonperformance by
those divested businesses could affect our future financial results. 

Our insurance
coverage may be inadequate to cover all significant risk exposures. 

We are exposed to liabilities that are unique to the products and services we provide. While we maintain insurance for certain risks and, in some circumstances, we may receive indemnification from the U.S. government, insurance cannot be
obtained to protect against all risks and liabilities. It is therefore possible that the amount of our insurance coverage may not cover all claims or liabilities, and we may be forced to bear substantial costs. 

Our forward looking statements, projections and business assumptions may prove to be inaccurate,
resulting in lower than expected earnings. 

The statements in
this Risk Factors section describe material risks to our business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these statements constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our disclosure and
analysis in this report and in our Annual Report to Shareholders contain some forward-looking statements that set forth anticipated results based on management’s plans and assumptions. From time to time, we also provide forward-looking
statements in other materials we release as well as oral forward-looking statements. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events; they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. 

Statements in the future tense, and all statements accompanied by terms such as
“believe,” “project,” “expect,” “estimate,” “assume,” “intend,” “anticipate,” and variations thereof and similar terms are intended to be forward-looking statements as defined by
federal securities law. While these forward-looking statements reflect our best estimates when made, the preceding risk factors could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or projections. 

We intend that all forward-looking statements we make will be subject to safe harbor
protection of the federal securities laws pursuant to Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

You should consider the limitations on, and risks associated with, forward-looking statements and not unduly rely on the accuracy of
predictions contained in such forward-looking statements. As noted above, these forward-looking statements speak only as of the date when they are made. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events,
circumstances, changes in expectations, or the occurrence of unanticipated events after the date of those statements. Moreover, in the future, we may make forward-looking statements that involve the risk factors and other matters described in this
document as well as other risk factors subsequently identified. 

11 

Table of Contents