.

 6     

Bank
 of America 2010

Table of Contents

 In addition, the ability of Bank of America Corporation and the
 Banks to pay dividends may be affected by the various minimum
 capital requirements and the capital and non-capital standards
 established under FDICIA, as described above. The right of Bank
 of America Corporation, our stockholders and our creditors to
 participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of our
 subsidiaries is further subject to the prior claims of creditors
 of the respective subsidiaries.

 For additional information regarding the requirements relating
 to the payment of dividends, including the minimum capital
 requirements, see Note 15 – Shareholders’
 Equity and 
Note 18 – Regulatory
 Requirements and Restrictions to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 Source of
 Strength

 According to the Financial Reform Act and Federal Reserve Board
 policy, bank holding companies are expected to act as a source
 of financial strength to each subsidiary bank and to commit
 resources to support each such subsidiary. This support may be
 required at times when a bank holding company may not be able to
 provide such support. Similarly, under the cross-guarantee
 provisions of the FDICIA, in the event of a loss suffered or
 anticipated by the FDIC – either as a result of
 default of a banking subsidiary or related to FDIC assistance
 provided to such a subsidiary in danger of default –
 the affiliate banks of such a subsidiary may be assessed for the
 FDIC’s loss, subject to certain exceptions.

 Deposit
 Insurance

 Deposits placed at the U.S. Banks are insured by the FDIC,
 subject to limits and conditions of applicable law and the
 FDIC’s regulations. Pursuant to the Financial Reform Act,
 FDIC insurance coverage limits were permanently increased to
 $250,000 per customer. The Financial Reform Act also provides
 for unlimited FDIC insurance coverage for non-interest bearing
 demand deposit accounts for a two-year period beginning on
 December 31, 2010 and ending on January 1, 2013. The
 FDIC administers the DIF, and all insured depository
 institutions are required to pay assessments to the FDIC that
 fund the DIF. The Financial Reform Act changed the methodology
 for calculating deposit insurance assessments from the amount of
 an insured depository institution’s domestic deposits to
 its total assets minus tangible capital. On February 7,
 2011 the FDIC issued a new regulation implementing revisions to
 the assessment system mandated by the Financial Reform Act. The
 new regulation will be effective April 1, 2011 and will be
 reflected in the June 30, 2011 FDIC fund balance and the
 invoices for assessments due September 30, 2011. As a
 result of the new regulations, we expect to incur higher annual
 deposit insurance assessments. We have identified potential
 mitigation actions, but they are in the early stages of
 development and we are not able to directly control the basis or
 the amount of premiums that we are required to pay for FDIC
 insurance or for other fees or assessment obligations imposed on
 financial institutions. Any future increases in required deposit
 insurance premiums or other bank industry fees could have a
 significant adverse impact on our financial condition and
 results of operations.

 The FDIC is required to maintain at least a designated minimum
 ratio of the DIF to insured deposits in the United States. The
 Financial Reform Act requires the FDIC to assess insured
 depository institutions to achieve a DIF ratio of at least
 1.35 percent by September 30, 2020. The FDIC has
 recently adopted new regulations that establish a long-term
 target DIF ratio of greater than two percent. As a result of the
 ongoing instability in the economy and the failure of other
 U.S. depository institutions, the DIF ratio is currently
 below the required targets and the FDIC has adopted a
 restoration plan that will result in

 substantially higher deposit insurance assessments for all
 depository institutions over the coming years. Deposit insurance
 assessment rates are subject to change by the FDIC and will be
 impacted by the overall economy and the stability of the banking
 industry as a whole.

 Transactions with
 Affiliates

 The U.S. Banks are subject to restrictions under federal
 law that limit certain types of transactions between the Banks
 and their non-bank affiliates. In general, the U.S. Banks
 are subject to quantitative and qualitative limits on extensions
 of credit, purchases of assets and certain other transactions
 involving Bank of America and its non-bank affiliates.
 Transactions between the U.S. Banks and their non-bank
 affiliates are required to be on arm’s length terms.

 Privacy and
 Information Security

 We are subject to many U.S., state and international laws and
 regulations governing requirements for maintaining policies and
 procedures to protect the non-public confidential information of
 our customers. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires the Banks to
 periodically disclose Bank of America’s privacy policies
 and practices relating to sharing such information and enables
 retail customers to opt out of our ability to market to
 affiliates and non-affiliates under certain circumstances.

 Additional
 Information

 See also the following additional information which is
 incorporated herein by reference: Net Interest Income (under the
 captions Financial Highlights – Net Interest Income
 and Supplemental Financial Data in the MD&A and
 Tables I, II and XIII of the Statistical Tables);
 Securities (under the caption Balance Sheet Analysis –
 Assets – Debt Securities and Market Risk
 Management – Interest Rate Risk Management for
 Nontrading Activities – Securities in the MD&A
 and Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting
 Principles and 
Note 5 – Securities to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements); Outstanding Loans and
 Leases (under the caption Balance Sheet Overview –
 Assets – Loans and Leases and Credit Risk Management
 in the MD&A, Table IV of the Statistical Tables, and

Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting
 Principles and 
Note 6 – Outstanding Loans
 and Leases to the Consolidated Financial Statements);
 Deposits (under the caption Balance Sheet Overview –
 Liabilities – Deposits and Liquidity Risk –
 Funding and Liquidity Risk Management in the MD&A and

Note 11 – Deposits to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements); Short-term Borrowings (under the caption
 Balance Sheet Overview – Liabilities –
 Commercial Paper and Other Short-term Borrowings and Liquidity
 Risk – Funding and Liquidity Risk Management in the
 MD&A, and 
Note 12 – Federal Funds Sold,
 Securities Borrowed or Purchased Under Agreements to Resell and
 Short-term Borrowings and 
Note 13 –
 Long-term Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements);
 Trading Account Assets and Liabilities (under the caption
 Balance Sheet Overview – Assets – Trading
 Accounts Assets and Market Risk Management – Trading
 Risk Management in the MD&A and 
Note 3 –
 Trading Account Assets and Liabilities to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements); Market Risk Management (under the caption
 Market Risk Management in the MD&A); Liquidity Risk
 Management (under the caption Liquidity Risk in the MD&A);
 Compliance Risk Management (under the caption Compliance Risk
 Management in the MD&A) and Operational Risk Management
 (under the caption Operational Risk Management in the
 MD&A); and Performance by Geographic Area (under

Note 28 – Performance by Geographical Area
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).

 Bank of America
 2010     
7

Table of Contents

 Item 1A. 



 In the course of conducting our business operations, we are
 exposed to a variety of risks, some of which are inherent in the
 financial services industry and others of which are more
 specific to our own businesses. The following discussion
 addresses some of the key risks that could affect our
 businesses, operations, and financial condition. Other factors
 that could affect our financial condition and operations are
 discussed in Forward-looking Statements in the MD&A.
 However, other factors besides those discussed below or
 elsewhere in this report could also adversely affect our
 businesses, operations, and financial condition. Therefore, the
 risk factors below should not be considered a complete list of
 potential risks that we may face.

 Our businesses and results of operations have been, and may
 continue to be, materially and adversely affected by the
 U.S. and international financial markets and economic
 conditions generally.

 Our businesses and results of operations are materially affected
 by the financial markets and general economic conditions in the
 United States and abroad, including factors such as the level
 and volatility of short-term and long-term interest rates,
 inflation, home prices, unemployment and under-employment
 levels, bankruptcies, household income, consumer spending,
 fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, liquidity
 of the global financial markets, the availability and cost of
 capital and credit, investor sentiment and confidence in the
 financial markets, and the strength of the U.S. economy and
 the
 non-U.S. economies
 in which we operate. The deterioration of any of these
 conditions can adversely affect our consumer and commercial
 businesses and securities portfolios, our level of charge-offs
 and provision for credit losses, our capital levels and
 liquidity and our results of operations.

 U.S. financial markets have improved from the severe
 financial crisis that dominated the domestic economy in the
 second half of 2008 and early 2009, but mortgage markets remain
 fragile. The financial crisis that gripped the European Union
 beginning in spring 2010 directly affected U.S. financial
 market behavior and the financial services industry. Any
 intensification of Europe’s financial crisis or the
 inability to address the sources of future financial turmoil in
 Europe may adversely affect the U.S. and international
 financial markets and the financial services industry. Such
 adverse effect may involve declines in liquidity, loss of
 investor confidence in the financial services industry,
 disruptions in credit markets, declines in the values of many
 asset classes, reductions in home prices and increased
 unemployment.

 Although the U.S. economy has continued to recover
 throughout 2010 and growth of real Gross Domestic Product
 strengthened in the second half of 2010, the elevated levels of
 unemployment and household debt, along with continued stress in
 the consumer and commercial real estate markets, pose challenges
 for domestic economic performance and the banking environment.
 Consumer spending, exports and business investment in equipment
 and software rose during 2010, and showed accelerated momentum
 in the second half of 2010, but labor markets and housing
 markets remain weak and pose risks. The sustained high
 unemployment rate and the lengthy duration of unemployment have
 directly impaired consumer finances and pose risks to the
 financial services sector. The housing market remains weak and
 the elevated levels of distressed and delinquent mortgages add a
 significant degree of risk to the mortgage market, in addition
 to risks inherent to the business of banking. The risks related
 to the distressed mortgage market may be accentuated by attempts
 to forestall foreclosure proceedings, as well as state and
 federal investigations into foreclosure practices throughout the
 financial services industry. These factors may adversely affect
 credit quality, bank lending and the general financial services
 sector.

 These conditions, as well as any further challenges stemming
 from the continuing global economic recovery and recent
 financial reform initiatives, such as the Financial Reform Act,
 could have a material adverse effect on our businesses and
 results of operations in the future.

 For additional information about economic conditions and
 challenges discussed above, see Executive Summary –
 2010 Economic and Business Environment in the MD&A
 beginning on page 25.

 Liquidity
 Risk

 Liquidity Risk is
 the Potential Inability to Meet Our Contractual and Contingent
 Financial Obligations, on- or Off-Balance Sheet, as they Become
 Due.

 Adverse changes to our credit ratings from the major credit
 ratings agencies could have a material adverse effect on our
 liquidity, cash flows, competitive position, financial condition
 and results of operations by significantly limiting our access
 to the funding or capital markets, increasing our borrowing
 costs, or triggering additional collateral or funding
 requirements under certain bilateral provisions of our trading
 and collateralized financing contracts.

 Our borrowing costs and ability to raise funds are directly
 impacted by our credit ratings. In addition, credit ratings may
 be important to customers or counterparties when we compete in
 certain markets and when we seek to engage in certain
 transactions including OTC derivatives. Credit ratings and
 outlooks are opinions on our creditworthiness and that of our
 obligations or securities, including long-term debt, short-term
 borrowings, preferred stock and other securities, including
 asset securitizations. Our credit ratings are subject to ongoing
 review by the ratings agencies and thus may change from time to
 time based on a number of factors, including our own financial
 strength and operations as well as factors not under our
 control, such as rating-agency-specific criteria or frameworks
 for our industry or certain security types, which are subject to
 revision from time to time, and conditions affecting the
 financial services industry generally.

 There can be no assurance that we will maintain our current
 ratings. A reduction in certain of our credit ratings or the
 ratings of certain asset-backed securitizations would likely
 have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, access to
 credit markets, the related cost of funds, our businesses and on
 certain trading revenues, particularly in those businesses where
 counterparty creditworthiness is critical. In connection with
 certain
 over-the-counter
 (OTC) derivatives contracts and other trading agreements,
 counterparties may require us to provide additional collateral
 or to terminate these contracts and agreements and collateral
 financing arrangements in the event of a credit ratings
 downgrade. Termination of these contracts and agreements could
 cause us to sustain losses and impair our liquidity by requiring
 us to make significant cash payments or securities movements. If
 Bank of America Corporation’s or Bank of America,
 N.A.’s commercial paper or short-term credit ratings (which
 currently have the following ratings:

P-1 by
 Moody’s,

A-1 by
 S&P and F1+ by Fitch) were downgraded by one or more
 levels, the potential loss of short-term funding sources such as
 commercial paper or repurchase agreement financing and the
 effect on our incremental cost of funds would be material.

 The ratings agencies have indicated that, as a systemically
 important financial institution, our credit ratings currently
 reflect their expectation that, if necessary, we would receive
 significant support from the U.S. government. All three
 major ratings agencies, however, have indicated they will
 reevaluate and could reduce the uplift they include in our
 ratings for government support for reasons arising from
 financial services regulatory reform proposals or legislation.
 In February 2010, S&P affirmed our current credit ratings
 but revised the outlook to negative from stable based on its
 belief that it is less certain whether the U.S. government
 would be willing to provide extraordinary support. On
 July 27, 2010, Moody’s affirmed our current ratings
 but revised the outlook to negative from stable due to its
 expectation for lower levels of government support over time as
 a result of the passage of the Financial Reform Act. Also, on
 October 22, 2010, Fitch placed our credit ratings on Rating
 Watch Negative from stable outlook due to proposed rulemaking
 that could negatively impact its assessment of future systemic
 government

 8     

Bank
 of America 2010

Table of Contents

 support. Any expectation that government support may be
 diminished or withheld in the future would likely have a
 negative impact on the company’s credit ratings. The timing
 of the agencies’ assessment of potential government
 support, as well as its impact on our ratings, is currently
 uncertain.

 For additional information about the company’s credit
 ratings, see Liquidity Risk – Credit
 Ratings in the MD&A beginning on page 70.

 Our liquidity, cash flows, financial condition and results of
 operations, and competitive position may be significantly
 adversely affected if we are unable to access capital markets,
 continue to raise deposits, sell assets on favorable terms, or
 if there is an increase in our borrowing costs.

 Liquidity is essential to our businesses. We fund our assets
 primarily with globally sourced deposits in our bank entities,
 as well as secured and unsecured liabilities transacted in the
 capital markets. We rely on certain unsecured and secured
 funding sources, such as the commercial paper and repo markets,
 which are typically short-term and credit-sensitive in nature.
 We also engage in asset securitization transactions to fund
 consumer lending activities. Our liquidity could be
 significantly adversely affected by an inability to access the
 capital markets; illiquidity or volatility in the capital
 markets; unforeseen outflows of cash, including customer
 deposits, funding for commitments and contingencies; inability
 to sell assets on favorable terms; or negative perceptions about
 our short- or long-term business prospects, including changes in
 our credit ratings. Several of these factors may arise due to
 circumstances beyond our control, such as a general market
 disruption, negative views about the financial services industry
 generally, changes in the regulatory environment, actions by
 credit ratings agencies or an operational problem that affects
 third parties or us. For example, during the recent financial
 crisis our ability to raise funding was at times adversely
 affected in the U.S. and international markets.

 Our cost of obtaining funding is directly related to prevailing
 market interest rates and to our credit spreads. Credit spreads
 are the amount in excess of the interest rate of
 U.S. Treasury securities, or other benchmark securities, of
 the same maturity that we need to pay to our funding providers.
 Increases in interest rates and our credit spreads can
 significantly increase the cost of our funding. Changes in our
 credit spreads are market-driven, and may be influenced by
 market perceptions of our creditworthiness. Changes to interest
 rates and our credit spreads occur continuously and may be
 unpredictable and highly volatile.

 For additional information about our liquidity position and
 other liquidity matters, including credit ratings and outlooks
 and the policies and procedures we use to manage our liquidity
 risks, see Capital Management and Liquidity Risk in the
 MD&A beginning on pages 63 and 67, respectively.

 Bank of America Corporation is a holding company and as such
 we are dependent upon our subsidiaries for liquidity, including
 our ability to pay dividends to stockholders.

 Bank of America Corporation is a separate and distinct legal
 entity from our banking and nonbanking subsidiaries. We evaluate
 and manage liquidity on a legal entity basis. Legal entity
 liquidity is an important consideration as there are legal and
 other limitations on our ability to utilize liquidity from one
 legal entity to satisfy the liquidity requirements of another,
 including Bank of America Corporation. For instance, Bank of
 America Corporation depends on dividends, distributions and
 other payments from our banking and nonbanking subsidiaries to
 fund dividend payments on our common stock and preferred stock
 and to fund all payments on our other obligations, including
 debt obligations. Many of our subsidiaries, including our bank
 and broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to laws that
 restrict dividend payments or authorize regulatory bodies to
 block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to
 Bank of America Corporation. In addition, our bank and
 broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their
 ability to lend or transact with affiliates and to minimum
 regulatory capital requirements, as well as restrictions on
 their ability to use funds deposited with them in bank or
 brokerage accounts to fund their businesses. Additional
 restrictions on

 related-party transactions, increased capital requirements and
 additional limitations on the use of funds on deposit in bank or
 brokerage accounts, as well as lower earnings, can reduce the
 amount of funds available to meet the obligations of Bank of
 America Corporation and even require Bank of America Corporation
 to provide additional funding to such subsidiaries. Regulatory
 action of that kind could impede access to funds we need to make
 payments on our obligations or dividend payments. In addition,
 our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a
 subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to
 the prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors. For a
 further discussion regarding our ability to pay dividends, see
 Note 15 – Shareholders’ Equity and

Note 18 – Regulatory Requirements and
 Restrictions to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

 Mortgage
 and Housing Market-Related Risk

 We have been, and expect to continue to be, required to
 repurchase loans
 and/or
 reimburse the GSEs and monoline bond insurance companies
 (monolines) for losses due to claims related to representations
 and warranties made in connection with mortgage-backed
 securities and other loans, and have received similar claims,
 and may receive additional claims, from whole loan purchasers
 and private-label securitization investors. The resolution of
 these claims could have a material adverse effect on our cash
 flows, financial condition, and results of operations.

 We have securitized and continue to securitize first-lien
 mortgage loans generally in the form of mortgage-backed
 securities (MBS) guaranteed by the GSEs or, in the case of
 Federal Housing Administration insured and U.S. Department
 of Veterans Affairs guaranteed mortgage loans, by the Government
 National Mortgage Association. We and our legacy companies and
 certain subsidiaries have also sold pools of first-lien
 mortgages and home equity loans as private-label securitizations
 or in the form of whole loans. In certain cases, all or a
 portion of the private-label MBS were insured by monolines or
 other non-GSE counterparties. In connection with these
 securitizations and other transactions, we or our subsidiaries
 or legacy companies made various representations and warranties.
 Breaches of these representations and warranties may result in a
 requirement that we repurchase mortgage loans, or indemnify or
 provide other remedies to counterparties.

 On December 31, 2010, we reached agreements with Freddie Mac
 (FHLMC) and Fannie Mae (FNMA), collectively the GSEs, where the
 Corporation paid $2.8 billion to resolve repurchase claims
 involving first-lien residential mortgage loans sold directly to
 the GSEs by entities related to legacy Countrywide
 (Countrywide). The agreement with FHLMC extinguishes all
 outstanding and potential mortgage repurchase and make-whole
 claims arising out of any alleged breaches of selling
 representations and warranties related to loans sold directly by
 legacy Countrywide to FHLMC through 2008, subject to certain
 exceptions we do not believe will be material. The agreement
 with FNMA substantially resolves the existing pipeline of
 repurchase and make-whole claims outstanding as of
 September 20, 2010 arising out of alleged breaches of
 selling representations and warranties related to loans sold
 directly by legacy Countrywide to FNMA. These agreements with
 the GSEs do not cover outstanding and potential mortgage
 repurchase and make-whole claims arising out of any alleged
 breaches of selling representations and warranties to legacy
 Bank of America first-lien residential mortgage loans sold
 directly to the GSEs, loans sold to the GSEs other than
 described above, loan servicing obligations, other contractual
 obligations or loans contained in private-label securitizations.
 In addition, we have other unresolved representation and
 warranty claims from the GSEs and certain monolines, and other
 non-GSE counterparties, and certain monolines have instituted
 litigation against us with respect to representations and
 warranties claims.

 We have experienced increasing repurchase and similar requests
 from non-GSE counterparties, including monolines, private-label
 MBS securitization investors and whole loan purchasers. We
 expect additional activity in this

 Bank of America
 2010     
9

Table of Contents

 area going forward and the volume of repurchase requests from
 monolines, whole loan purchasers and investors in private-label
 MBS could increase in the future. It is reasonably possible that
 future losses may occur and our estimate is that the upper range
 of loss related to non-GSE sales could be $7.0 billion to
 $10.0 billion over existing accruals. This estimate does
 not represent a probable loss, is based on currently available
 information, significant judgment, and a number of assumptions
 that are subject to change. A significant portion of this
 estimate relates to loans originated through legacy Countrywide,
 and the repurchase liability is generally limited to the
 original seller of the loan. Future provisions and possible loss
 or range of loss may be impacted if actual results are different
 from our assumptions regarding economic conditions, home prices
 and other matters and may vary by counterparty. We expect that
 the resolution of the repurchase claims process with the non-GSE
 counterparties will likely be a protracted process, and we will
 vigorously contest any request for repurchase if we conclude
 that a valid basis for the repurchase claim does not exist.

 The resolution of claims related to alleged breaches of these
 representations and warranties and repurchase claims could have
 a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows
 and results of operations, and could exceed existing estimates
 and accruals. In addition, any accruals or estimates we have
 made are based on assumptions which are subject to change.

 For additional information about our representations and
 warranties exposure and past activities, see Recent
 Events – Representations and Warrants Liability, in
 the MD&A on page 33, Recent Events –
 Private-label Residential Mortgage-backed Securities Matters, in
 the MD&A on page 35, Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
 and Contractual Obligations – Representations and
 Warranties, in the MD&A beginning on page 52, and
 Note 9 – Representations and Warranties
 Obligations and Corporate Guarantees to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements and Representations.

 Continued, or increasing, declines in the domestic and
 international housing markets, including home prices, may
 adversely affect the company’s consumer and commercial
 portfolios and have a significant adverse effect on our
 financial condition and results of operations.

 Economic deterioration throughout 2009 and weakness in the
 economic recovery in 2010 was accompanied by continued stress in
 the U.S. and international housing markets, including
 declines in home prices. These declines in the housing market,
 with falling home prices and increasing foreclosures, have
 negatively impacted the demand for many of our products and the
 credit performance of our consumer and commercial portfolios.
 Additionally, our mortgage loan production volume is generally
 influenced by the rate of growth in residential mortgage debt
 outstanding and the size of the residential mortgage market,
 which has declined due to reduced activity in the housing
 market. Continued high unemployment rates in the U.S. have
 added another element to the financial challenges facing
 U.S. consumers and further compounded these stresses in the
 U.S. housing market as employment conditions may be
 compelling some consumers to delay new home purchases or miss
 payments on existing mortgages.

 Conditions in the housing market have also resulted in
 significant write-downs of asset values in several asset
 classes, notably mortgage-backed securities and exposure to
 monolines. These conditions may negatively affect the value of
 real estate which could negatively affect our exposure to
 representations and warranties. While there were continued
 indications throughout the past year that the U.S. economy
 is stabilizing, the performance of our overall consumer and
 commercial portfolios may not significantly improve in the near
 future. A protracted continuation or worsening of these
 difficult housing market conditions would likely exacerbate the
 adverse effects outlined above and have a significant adverse
 effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

 We temporarily suspended our foreclosure sales nationally in
 the fourth quarter of 2010 to conduct an assessment of our
 foreclosure processes. Subsequently, numerous state and federal
 investigations of foreclosure 

 processes across our industry have been initiated. Those
 investigations and any irregularities that might be found in our
 foreclosure processes, along with any remedial steps taken in
 response to governmental investigations or to our own internal
 assessment, could have a material adverse effect on our
 financial condition and results of operations.

 On October 1, 2010, we voluntarily stopped taking
 residential mortgage foreclosure proceedings to judgment in
 states where foreclosure requires a court order following a
 legal proceeding (judicial states). On October 8, 2010, we
 stopped foreclosure sales in all states in order to complete an
 assessment of the related business processes. These actions
 generally did not affect the initiation and processing of
 foreclosures prior to judgment or sale of vacant real estate
 owned properties. We took these precautionary steps in order to
 ensure our processes for handling foreclosures include the
 appropriate controls and quality assurance. Our review has
 involved an assessment of the foreclosure process, including a
 review of completed foreclosure affidavits in pending
 proceedings.

 As a result of that review, we identified and implemented
 process and control enhancements, and we intend to monitor
 ongoing quality results of each process. After these
 enhancements were put in place, we resumed foreclosure sales in
 most states where foreclosures are handled without judicial
 supervision (non-judicial states) during the fourth quarter of
 2010, and expect sales to resume in the remaining non-judicial
 states in the first quarter of 2011. We also commenced a rolling
 process of preparing, as necessary, affidavits of indebtedness
 in pending foreclosure proceedings in order to resume the
 process of taking these foreclosure proceedings to judgment in
 judicial states, beginning with properties believed to be
 vacant, and with properties for which the mortgage was
 originated on a non-owner-occupied basis. The process of
 preparing affidavits in pending proceedings is expected to
 continue in the first quarter of 2011, and could result in
 prolonged adversary proceedings that delay certain foreclosure
 sales.

 Law enforcement authorities in all 50 states and the
 U.S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies,
 including certain bank supervisory authorities, continue to
 investigate alleged irregularities in the foreclosure practices
 of residential mortgage servicers. Authorities have publicly
 stated that the scope of the investigations extends beyond
 foreclosure documentation practices to include mortgage loan
 modification and loss mitigation practices. The Corporation is
 cooperating with these investigations and is dedicating
 significant resources to address these issues. The current
 environment of heightened regulatory scrutiny has the potential
 to subject the Corporation to inquiries or investigations that
 could significantly adversely affect its reputation. Such
 investigations by state and federal authorities, as well as any
 other governmental or regulatory scrutiny of our foreclosure
 processes, could result in material fines, penalties, equitable
 remedies (including requiring default servicing or other process
 changes), or other enforcement actions, and result in
 significant legal costs in responding to governmental
 investigations and additional litigation.

 While we cannot predict the ultimate impact of the temporary
 delay in foreclosure sales, or any issues that may arise as a
 result of alleged irregularities with respect to previously
 completed foreclosure activities, we may be subject to
 additional borrower and non-borrower litigation and governmental
 and regulatory scrutiny related to our past and current
 foreclosure activities. This scrutiny may extend beyond our
 pending foreclosure matters to issues arising out of alleged
 irregularities with respect to previously completed foreclosure
 activities. Our costs increased in the fourth quarter of 2010
 and we expect that additional costs incurred in connection with
 our foreclosure process assessment will continue into 2011 due
 to the additional resources necessary to perform the foreclosure
 process assessment, to revise affidavit filings and to implement
 other operational changes. This will likely result in higher
 noninterest expense, including higher servicing costs and legal
 expenses, in Home Loans & Insurance. It is also
 possible that the temporary suspension of foreclosure sales may
 result in additional costs and

 10     

Bank
 of America 2010

Table of Contents

 expenses, including costs associated with the maintenance of