These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results and events to differ

materially . Any investment in
our securities involves a high degree of risk. Investors should consider
carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, and all other
information in this Form 10-K and in any reports we file with the
SEC after we file this Form 10-K, before deciding whether to
purchase or hold our securities. Additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also become
important factors that may harm our business. The occurrence of any of the
following risks 

15

could harm our business. The trading price of our
securities could decline due to any of these risks and uncertainties, and
investors may lose part or all of their investment.

Risks Relating to
Overstock

We have a history of significant losses. If we do not
achieve profitability, our financial condition and our stock price could
suffer.

We have a history of losses and we may continue
to incur operating and net losses for the foreseeable future. We incurred net
losses attributable to common shares of $25.1 million and $101.9 million for
the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2006, respectively. As of December 31,
2005 and 2006, our accumulated deficit was $96.8 million and $198.7
million, respectively. We will need to generate significant revenues to achieve
profitability, and we may not be able to do so. Even if we do achieve
profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on
a quarterly or annual basis in the future. If our revenues grow more slowly
than we anticipate, or if our operating expenses exceed our expectations, our
financial results would be harmed.

We will continue to
incur significant operating expenses and capital expenditures as we:

·
       enhance
our distribution and order fulfillment capabilities;

·
       further
improve our order processing systems and capabilities;

·
       develop
enhanced technologies and features;

·
       expand
our customer service capabilities to better serve our customers’ needs;

·
       expand
or modify our product offerings;

·
       rent
or terminate warehouse and office space;

·
       increase
our general and administrative functions to support our operations; and

·
       maintain
or increase our sales, branding and marketing activities, including maintaining
existing or entering into new online marketing arrangements, and continuing or
increasing our national television and radio branding campaigns.

Because we will incur many
of these expenses before we receive any revenues from our efforts, our losses
may be greater than the losses we would incur if we developed our business
more slowly. Further, we base our expenses in large part on our operating
plans and future revenue projections. Many of our expenses are fixed in the
short term, and we may not be able to quickly reduce spending if our
revenues are lower than we project. Therefore, any significant shortfall in
revenues would likely harm our business, prospects, operating results and
financial condition. In addition, we may find that these efforts are more
expensive than we currently anticipate which would further increase our losses.
Also, the timing of these expenses may contribute to fluctuations in our
quarterly operating results.

If we fail to accurately forecast our expenses and
revenues, our business, operating results and financial condition
may suffer and the price of our securities may decline.

Our limited operating
history and the rapidly evolving nature of our industry make forecasting
operating results difficult. We have recently completed several large, complex
and expensive infrastructure upgrades in order to increase our ability to
handle larger volumes of sales and to develop or increase our ability to
perform a variety of analytical procedures relating to our business, and
we are continuing the work to upgrade and further expand these and other
components of our infrastructure. We have experienced difficulties with the
implementation of various aspects to the upgrades of our infrastructure, and
have incurred increased expenses as a result of these difficulties. As a result
of these expenditures, our 

16

ability
to quickly reduce spending if our revenues are lower than we project is
limited. Therefore, any significant shortfall in the revenues for which we have
built and are continuing to build our infrastructure would likely harm our
business, prospects, operating results and financial condition and cause our
results of operation to fall below the expectations of public market analysts
and investors. If this occurs, the price of our securities may decline.

We depend on our relationships with third party
fulfillment partners for a large portion of the products that we offer for sale
on our Websites. If we fail to maintain these relationships, our business will
suffer.

At December 31, 2006,
we had fulfillment partner relationships with approximately 540 third parties
whose products we offer for sale on our Websites. These products accounted for
approximately 72% of the non-BMMG products available. We do not have any
long-term agreements with any of these third parties. Our agreements with third
parties are terminable at will by either party immediately upon notice. In
general, we agree to offer the third parties’ products on our Websites and
these third parties agree to provide us with information about their products,
honor our customer service policies and ship the products directly to the
customer. If we do not maintain our existing or build new relationships with
third parties on acceptable commercial terms, we may not be able to
offer a broad selection of merchandise, and customers may refuse to shop
at our Websites. In addition, manufacturers may decide not to offer
particular products for sale on the Internet. If we are unable to maintain our
existing or build new fulfillment partner relationships or if other product
manufacturers refuse to allow their products to be sold via the Internet, our
business and prospects would suffer severely.

We are partially dependent on third parties to fulfill
a number of our fulfillment, distribution and other retail functions. If such
parties are unwilling or unable to continue providing these services, our
business could be seriously harmed.

In our fulfillment partner
business, although we handle returned merchandise, we continue to rely on third
parties to conduct a number of other traditional retail operations with respect
to their respective products that we offer for sale on our Websites, including
maintaining inventory, preparing merchandise for shipment to individual
customers and timely distribution of purchased merchandise. We have no
effective means to ensure that these third parties will continue to
perform these services to our satisfaction or on commercially reasonable
terms. In addition, because we do not take possession of these third parties’
products, we are unable to fulfill these traditional retail operations
ourselves. Our customers could become dissatisfied and cancel their orders or
decline to make future purchases if these third parties are unable to deliver
products on a timely basis. If our customers become dissatisfied with the
services provided by these third parties, our reputation and the Overstock.com
brand could suffer.

We rely on our relationships with manufacturers,
retailers and other suppliers to obtain sufficient quantities of quality
merchandise on acceptable terms. If we fail to maintain our supplier
relationships on acceptable terms, our sales and profitability could suffer.

To date, we have not
entered into contracts with manufacturers or liquidation wholesalers that
guarantee the availability of merchandise for a set duration. Our contracts or
arrangements with suppliers do not provide for the continuation of particular
pricing practices and may be terminated by either party at any time. Our
current suppliers may not continue to sell their excess inventory to us on
current terms or at all, and we may not be able to establish new supply
relationships. For example, it is difficult for us to maintain high levels of
product quality and selection because none of the manufacturers, suppliers and
liquidation wholesalers from whom we purchase products on a purchase order by
purchase order basis have a continuing obligation to provide us with
merchandise at historical levels or at all. In most cases, our relationships
with our suppliers do not restrict the suppliers from selling their respective
excess inventory to other traditional or online merchandise liquidators, which
could in turn limit the selection of products 

17

available
on our Websites. If we are unable to develop and maintain relationships with
suppliers that will allow us to obtain sufficient quantities of merchandise on
acceptable commercial terms, such inability could harm our business, prospects,
results of operation and financial condition.

We depend upon third-party delivery services to
deliver our products to our customers on a timely and consistent basis. Deterioration
in our relationship with any one of these third parties could decrease our
ability to track shipments, cause shipment delays, and increase our shipping
costs and the number of damaged products.

We rely upon
multiple third parties for the shipment of our products. We cannot be sure that
these relationships will continue on terms favorable to us, if at all.
Unexpected increases in shipping costs or delivery times, particularly during
the holiday season, could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and
results of operations. If our relationships with these third parties are
terminated or impaired or if these third parties are unable to deliver products
for us, whether through labor shortage, slow down or stoppage, deteriorating
financial or business condition, responses to terrorist attacks or for any
other reason, we would be required to use alternative carriers for the shipment
of products to our customers. In addition, conditions such as adverse weather
can prevent any carriers from performing their delivery services, which can
have an adverse effect on our customers’ satisfaction with us. In any of these
circumstances, we may be unable to engage alternative carriers on a timely
basis, upon terms favorable to us, or at all. Changing carriers would likely
have a negative effect on our business, prospects, operating results and
financial condition. Potential adverse consequences include:

·
       reduced visibility of order
status and package tracking;

·
       delays in order processing
and product delivery;

·
       increased cost of delivery,
resulting in reduced gross margins; and

·
       reduced shipment quality,
which may result in damaged products and customer dissatisfaction.

A significant number of merchandise returns could harm
our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We allow our customers to
return products and, beginning July 1, 2003, we started accepting returns
of products sold through our fulfillment partners. We modify our policies
relating to returns from time to time, and any policies intended to reduce the
number of product returns may result in customer dissatisfaction and fewer
return customers. If merchandise returns are significant, our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed.

If the products that we offer on our Websites do not
reflect our customers’ tastes and preferences, our sales and profit margins
would decrease.

Our success depends in
part on our ability to offer products that reflect consumers’ tastes and
preferences. Consumers’ tastes are subject to frequent, significant and
sometimes unpredictable changes. Because the products that we sell typically
consist of manufacturers’ and retailers’ excess inventory, we have limited
control over the specific products that we are able to offer for sale. If our
merchandise fails to satisfy customers’ tastes or respond to changes in
customer preferences, our sales could suffer and we could be required to mark
down unsold inventory which would depress our profit margins. In addition, any
failure to offer products in line with customers’ preferences could allow our
competitors to gain market share. This could have an adverse effect on our
business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition.

18

We face risks
relating to our inventory.

We directly purchase some of the merchandise that we
sell on our Websites. We assume the inventory damage, theft and obsolescence
risks, as well as price erosion risks for products that we purchase directly.
These risks are especially significant because some of the merchandise we sell
on our Websites are characterized by rapid technological change, obsolescence
and price erosion (for example, computer hardware, software and consumer
electronics), and because we sometimes make large purchases of particular types
of inventory. In addition, we often do not receive warranties on the
merchandise we purchase. Further, beginning July 1, 2003, we started
accepting returns of products sold through our fulfillment partners, and we
have the risk of reselling the returned products.

In the recent past, we
have recorded charges for obsolete inventory and have had to sell certain
merchandise at a discount or loss. It is impossible to determine with certainty
whether an item will sell for more than the price we pay for it. To the extent
that we rely on purchased inventory, our success will depend on our ability to
liquidate our inventory rapidly, the ability of our buying staff to purchase
inventory at attractive prices relative to its resale value and our ability to
manage customer returns and the shrinkage resulting from theft, loss and
misrecording of inventory. If we are unsuccessful in any of these areas, we
may be forced to sell our inventory at a discount or loss.

Historically, we
have grown quickly and if we fail to manage our growth, our business will
suffer.

Historically, we have
rapidly and significantly expanded our operations, and anticipate that further
significant expansion will be required to address potential growth in our
customer base and market opportunities. This expansion has placed, and is
expected to continue to place, a significant strain on our management,
operational and financial resources. Some of our officers have no prior senior
management experience at public companies. Our new employees include a number
of key managerial, technical and operations personnel, and we expect to add
additional key personnel in the future. To manage the expected growth of our
operations and personnel, we will be required to improve existing and implement
new transaction-processing, operational and financial systems, procedures and
controls, and to expand, train and manage our already growing employee base. If
we are unable to manage growth effectively, our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations will be harmed.

The loss of key personnel or any inability to attract
and retain additional personnel could affect our ability to successfully grow
our business.

Our performance is substantially dependent on the continued
services and on the performance of our senior management and other key
personnel, including Patrick M. Byrne, our Chief Executive Officer, and Jason
C. Lindsey, our President and Chief Operating Officer. Our performance also
depends on our ability to retain and motivate other officers and key employees.
The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other key
employees for any unforeseen reason, including without limitation, illness or
call to military service, could harm our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. We do not have employment agreements with
any of our key personnel and we do not maintain “key person” life insurance
policies. Our future success also depends on our ability to identify, attract,
hire, train, retain and motivate other highly-skilled technical, managerial,
editorial, merchandising, marketing and customer service personnel. Competition
for such personnel is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to
successfully attract, assimilate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel.
Our failure to retain and attract the necessary technical, managerial,
editorial, merchandising, marketing and customer service personnel could harm
our revenues, business, prospects, financial condition and results of
operations.

We generally pay our
senior management, including our executive officers, lower levels of cash
compensation than we believe they might be able to earn elsewhere. Our stock
option plan and performance share plan are intended to and do help us recruit
and retain highly qualified personnel; 

19

however,
we sometimes have difficulty retaining senior level personnel. If we are unable
to retain our senior management with our current compensation structure and
incentive plans, we may lose members of senior management and/or be required to
modify our compensation structure and/or retention plans.

We have a rapidly
evolving business model.

Our business model has
evolved and continues to do so. In the past we have added additional types of
services and product offerings, and in some cases we have modified or
discontinued those offerings. We may continue to try to offer additional types
of products or services, and we cannot offer any assurance that any of them
will be successful. From time to time we have also modified aspects of our
business model relating to our product mix and the mix of direct/fulfillment
partner sourcing of the products we offer. We may continue to modify this
aspect of our business as well as other significant aspects of our businiess. We
cannot offer any assurance that these or any other modifications will be
successful.

We may be unable to manage expansion into new
business areas which could harm our business operations and reputation.

Our long-term strategic
plan involves expansion of our operations to offer additional types of products
and services. We cannot assure you that our efforts to expand our business in
this manner will succeed. Because we were unable to generate significant
traffic for our former B2B site, in the third quarter of 2004, we merged the
B2B site into our main website, and opened our Wholesale bulk purchase program.
We have also attempted to expand into other areas, such as the “Other Frontiers”
listed under the “Other Stores” link, and the results of these expansion
efforts have not yet met our expectations. Our failure to succeed in these
markets or businesses or in other product or service offerings may harm
our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operation. We
cannot assure you that we will be able to expand our operations in a
cost-effective or timely manner or that our efforts to expand will be
successful. Furthermore, any new business or Website we launch that is not
favorably received by consumers could damage our reputation or the
Overstock.com brand. We may expand the number of categories of products we
carry on our Websites and these and any other expansions of our operations
would also require significant additional expenses and development and would
strain our management, financial and operational resources. The lack of market
acceptance of such efforts or our inability to generate satisfactory revenues
from such expanded services or products to offset their cost could harm our
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

We may expand our international business, causing
our business to become increasingly susceptible to numerous international
business risks and challenges that could affect our profitability.

We have begun to
expand into international markets, and in the future we may do so more
aggressively. International sales and transactions are subject to inherent
risks and challenges that could adversely affect our profitability, including:

·
       the
need to develop new supplier and manufacturer relationships;

·
       the
need to comply with additional laws and regulations to the extent applicable;

·
       unexpected
changes in international regulatory requirements and tariffs;

·
       difficulties
in staffing and managing foreign operations;

·
       longer
payment cycles from credit card companies;

·
       greater
difficulty in accounts receivable collection;

·
       potential
adverse tax consequences;

20

·
       price
controls or other restrictions on foreign currency; and

·
       difficulties
in obtaining export and import licenses.

To the extent we generate
international sales and transactions in the future, any negative impact on our
international operations could negatively impact our business. In particular,
gains and losses on the conversion of foreign payments into United States
dollars may contribute to fluctuations in our results of operations and
fluctuating exchange rates could cause reduced gross revenues and/or gross
margins from non-dollar-denominated international sales.

In order to obtain future revenue growth and achieve
and sustain profitability we will have to attract customers on cost-effective
terms.

Our success depends on our ability to attract
customers on cost-effective terms. We have relationships with online services,
search engines, directories and other Websites and e-commerce businesses to
provide content, advertising banners and other links that direct customers to
our Websites. We rely on these relationships as significant sources of traffic
to our Websites and to generate new customers. If we are unable to develop or
maintain these relationships on acceptable terms, our ability to attract new
customers and our financial condition could be harmed. In addition, certain of
our online marketing agreements may require us to pay upfront fees and
make other payments prior to the realization of the sales, if any, associated
with those payments. Accordingly, if these agreements or similar agreements
that we may enter into in the future fail to produce the sales that we
anticipate, our results of operations will be adversely affected. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to increase our revenues, if at all, in a
cost-effective manner. We periodically conduct national television and radio
branding and advertising campaigns. Such campaigns are expensive and
may not result in the cost effective acquisition of customers.

Further, many of the
parties with which we may have online-advertising arrangements could
provide advertising services for other online or traditional retailers and
merchandise liquidators. As a result, these parties may be reluctant to
enter into or maintain relationships with us. Failure to achieve sufficient
traffic or generate sufficient revenue from purchases originating from third
parties may result in termination of these relationships by these third
parties. Without these relationships, our revenues, business, prospects,
financial condition and results of operations could suffer.

We may not be
able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors.

The
online liquidation services market is rapidly evolving and intensely
competitive. Barriers to entry are minimal, and current and new competitors can
launch new Websites at a relatively low cost. Our consumer Website currently
competes with:

·

liquidation
e-tailers such as SmartBargains;

·
       online retailers with
discount departments such as Amazon.com, Inc., eBay, Inc. and Buy.com, Inc.;
and

·
       traditional retailers and
liquidators such as Ross Stores, Inc., Walmart Stores, Inc., TJX
Companies, Inc., Costco Wholesale Corporation, Target Corporation and Best
Buy Co., Inc., which may or may not also have an online
presence.

Our Website competes with liquidation “brokers” and
retailers and online marketplaces such as eBay, Inc.

We expect the online liquidation services market to
become even more competitive as traditional liquidators and online retailers
continue to develop services that compete with our services. In addition,
manufacturers and retailers may decide to create their own Websites to
sell their own excess inventory and 

21

the excess inventory of
third parties. Competitive pressures created by any one of our competitors, or
by our competitors collectively, could harm our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations.

Further, as a strategic response to changes in the
competitive environment, we may from time to time make certain pricing,
service or marketing decisions or acquisitions that could harm our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. For example, to the
extent that we enter new lines of businesses such as third-party logistics, or
discount brick and mortar retail, we would be competing with large established
businesses such as APL Logistics, and Ltd., Ross Stores, Inc.,
respectively. We have recently entered the online auctions and car listing
businesses in which we compete with large established businesses including eBay, Inc.
and AutoTrader.com, Inc.

Many of our current and
potential competitors described above have longer operating histories, larger
customer bases, greater brand recognition and significantly greater financial,
marketing and other resources than we do. In addition, online retailers and
liquidation e-tailers may be acquired by, receive investments from or
enter into other commercial relationships with larger, well-established and
well-financed companies. Some of our competitors may be able to secure
merchandise from manufacturers on more favorable terms, devote greater
resources to marketing and promotional campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing
or inventory availability policies and devote substantially more resources to
Website and systems development than we do. Increased competition
may result in reduced operating margins, loss of market share and a
diminished brand franchise. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete
successfully against current and future competitors.

Our operating results depend on our Websites, network
infrastructure and transaction-processing systems. Capacity constraints or
system failures would harm our business, prospects, results of operations and
financial condition.

Any system interruptions that result in the
unavailability of our Websites or reduced performance of our transaction
systems would reduce our transaction volume and the attractiveness of the
services that we provide to suppliers and third parties and would harm our
business, prospects, operating results and financial condition.

We use internally developed systems for our Websites
and certain aspects of transaction processing, including customer profiling and
order verifications. We have experienced periodic systems interruptions due to
server failure, which we believe will continue to occur from time to time. If
the volume of traffic on our Websites or the number of purchases made by
customers substantially increases, we will need to further expand and upgrade
our technology, transaction processing systems and network infrastructure. We
have experienced and expect to continue to experience temporary capacity
constraints due to sharply increased traffic during sales or other promotions
and during the holiday shopping season. Capacity constraints can cause
unanticipated system disruptions, slower response times, and degradation in
levels of customer service, impaired quality and delays in reporting accurate
financial information.

Our transaction processing
systems and network infrastructure may be unable to accommodate increases
in traffic in the future. We may be unable to project accurately the rate
or timing of traffic increases or successfully upgrade our systems and
infrastructure to accommodate future traffic levels on our Websites. In
addition, we may be unable to upgrade and expand our transaction
processing systems in an effective and timely manner or to integrate any newly
developed or purchased functionality with our existing systems. For example, in
the third quarter 2005 we experienced difficulties with our implementation of
infrastructure upgrades, which resulted in our inability to upload new products
to our website for a period of approximately five weeks. Any such difficulties
with our transaction processing systems or other difficulties upgrading,
expanding or integrating various aspects of our systems may cause
unanticipated system disruptions, slower response times, and degradation in
levels of customer service, 

22

additional
expense, impaired quality and speed of order fulfillment or delays in reporting
accurate financial information.

If the facilities where substantially all of our
computer and communications hardware is located fail, our business, results of
operations and financial condition will be harmed.

Our success, and, in
particular, our ability to successfully receive and fulfill orders and provide
high-quality customer service, largely depends on the efficient and
uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications systems.
Substantially all of our computer and communications hardware is located at a
single co-location facility in Salt Lake City, Utah, with a partially redundant
back-up system located at our corporate headquarters in Salt Lake City. Although
we have designed our back-up system in an effort to avoid or minimize service
interruptions in the event of a failure of our main facility, our systems and
operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power
loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, acts of war, break-ins,
earthquake and similar events. We do not have a formal disaster recovery plan
and our business interruption insurance may be insufficient to compensate
us for losses that may occur. Despite the implementation of network
security measures, our servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or
electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, which could lead to
interruptions, delays, loss of critical data or the inability to accept and
fulfill customer orders. The occurrence of any of the foregoing risks could
harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

We may be
unable to protect our proprietary technology or keep up with that of our
competitors.

Our success depends to a significant degree upon the
protection of our software and other proprietary intellectual property rights.
We may be unable to deter misappropriation of our proprietary information,
detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce our intellectual
property rights. In addition, our competitors could, without violating our
proprietary rights, develop technologies that are as good as or better than our
technology.

Our failure to protect our
software and other proprietary intellectual property rights or to develop
technologies that are as good as our competitors’ could put us at a
disadvantage to our competitors. In addition, the failure of the third parties
whose products we offer for sale on our Websites to protect their intellectual
property rights, including their domain names, could impair our operations.
These failures could harm our business, results of operations and financial
condition.

If we do not respond to rapid technological changes,
our services could become obsolete and we could lose customers.

To remain competitive, we
must continue to enhance and improve the functionality and features of our
e-commerce businesses. We may face material delays in introducing new
services, products and enhancements. If this happens, our customers
may forgo the use of our Websites and use those of our competitors. The
Internet and the online commerce industry are rapidly changing. If competitors
introduce new products and services using new technologies or if new industry
standards and practices emerge, our existing Websites and our proprietary
technology and systems may become obsolete. Our failure to respond to
technological change or to adequately maintain, upgrade and develop our
computer network and the systems used to process customers’ orders and payments
could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of
operations.

23

We may not be able to obtain trademark protection
for our marks, which could impede our efforts to build brand identity.

We have filed trademark
applications with the Patent and Trademark Office seeking registration of
certain service marks and trademarks. There can be no assurance that our
applications will be successful or that we will be able to secure significant
protection for our service marks or trademarks in the United States or
elsewhere as we expand internationally. Our competitors or others could adopt
product or service marks similar to our marks, or try to prevent us from using
our marks, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly
leading to customer confusion. Any claim by another party against us or
customer confusion related to our trademarks, or our failure to obtain
trademark registration, could negatively affect our business.

We may not be able to enforce protection of our
intellectual property rights under the laws of other countries.

As we continue to
expand internationally, we are subject to risks of doing business
internationally as related to our intellectual property, including:

·
       legal uncertainty regarding
liability for the listings and other content provided by our users, including
uncertainty as a result of less Internet-friendly legal systems, unique local
laws, and lack of clear precedent or applicable law; and

·
       differing intellectual
property laws, which may provide insufficient protection for our
intellectual property.

Our business and reputation may be harmed by the
listing or sale of pirated, counterfeit or illegal items by third parties, and
by intellectual property litigation.

We have received in the past, and we anticipate we
will receive in the future, communications alleging that certain items listed
or sold through our Websites infringe third-party copyrights, trademarks and
trade names or other intellectual property rights or that we have otherwise infringed
third parties’ past, current or future intellectual property rights. For
example, in October 2003, Tiffany (NJ) Inc. and Tiffany and Company
filed a complaint against us in the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York alleging that we have distributed counterfeit and
otherwise unauthorized Tiffany product in violation of federal copyright and
trademark law and related state laws. In addition, in January and
February 2005, Tiffany filed additional complaints against us asserting
similar claims. We reached a confidential agreement that settled all of these
cases and all of the cases were dismissed on July 14, 2006.

We may be unable to prevent third parties from
listing unlawful goods, and we may be subject to allegations of civil or
criminal liability for unlawful activities carried out by third parties through
our Websites. In the future, we may implement measures to protect against
these potential liabilities that could require us to spend substantial
resources and/or to reduce revenues by discontinuing certain service offerings.
Any costs incurred as a result of liability or asserted liability relating
to the sale of unlawful goods or the unlawful sale of goods could harm our
revenues, business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

Resolving litigation or claims regarding patents or
other intellectual property, whether meritorious or not, could be costly,
time-consuming, cause service delays, divert our management and key personnel
from our business operations, require expensive or unwanted changes in our
methods of doing business or require us to enter into costly royalty or
licensing agreements, if available. As a result, these claims could harm our
business.

Negative publicity
generated as a result of the foregoing could damage our reputation, harm our
business and diminish the value of our brand name.

24

Gradient Analytics
and Rocker Partners, L.P. Litigation

In August 2005 we
filed an unfair business practice lawsuit against Gradient Analytics, Rocker
Partners, L.P. and others, alleging that the defendants have conspired to
denigrate Overstock’s business for personal profit. In October 2005 we
filed an amended complaint alleging additional causes of action and
articulating in greater detail the allegations against the defendants.
Overstock’s Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Patrick Byrne, has appeared on
nationally syndicated television programs and elsewhere to discuss the
litigation. The use of management’s time and attention in connection with the
litigation and related matters may reduce the time management is able to
spend on other aspects of our business, which may have adverse effects on
other aspects of our business. To the extent that any such adverse effects
exceed any benefits we may realize from pursuing the litigation, our
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operation
may suffer.

Prime Broker
Litigation

In February 2007,
along with five shareholder plaintiffs, we filed a lawsuit in the Superior
Court of California, County of San Francisco against Morgan Stanley &
Co. Incorporated, Goldman Sachs & Co., Bear Stearns Companies, Inc.,
Bank of America Securities LLC, Bank of New York, Citigroup Inc., Credit Suisse
(USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner &
Smith, Inc., and UBS Financial Services, Inc. The use of management’s
time and attention in connection with the litigation and related matters
may reduce the time management is able to spend on other aspects of our
business, which may have adverse effects on other aspects of our business.
To the extent that any such adverse effects exceed any benefits we
may realize from pursuing the litigation, our business, prospects,
financial condition and results of operation may suffer.

We may be
liable if third parties misappropriate our customers’ personal information.

If third parties are able to penetrate our network
security or otherwise misappropriate our customers’ personal information or
credit card information, or if we give third parties improper access to our
customers’ personal information or credit card information, we could be subject
to liability. This liability could include claims for unauthorized purchases
with credit card information, impersonation or other similar fraud claims. This
liability could also include claims for other misuses of personal information,
including unauthorized marketing purposes. These claims could result in
litigation. Liability for misappropriation of this information could adversely
affect our business. In addition, the Federal Trade Commission and state
agencies have been investigating various Internet companies regarding their use
of personal information. We could incur additional expenses if new regulations
regarding the use of personal information are introduced or if government
agencies investigate our privacy practices.

We rely on encryption and
authentication technology licensed from third parties to provide the security
and authentication necessary to effect secure transmission of confidential
information such as customer credit card numbers. We cannot assure you that
advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography
or other events or developments will not result in a compromise or breach of
the algorithms that we use to protect customer transaction data. If any such
compromise of our security were to occur, it could harm our reputation,
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. A party who
is able to circumvent our security measures could misappropriate proprietary
information or cause interruptions in our operations. We may be required
to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against such
security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by such breaches. We cannot
assure you that our security measures will prevent security breaches or that
failure to prevent such security breaches will not harm our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

25

We may be
subject to product liability claims that could be costly and time consuming.

We sell products
manufactured for us by third parties, some of which may be defective. If
any product that we sell were to cause physical injury or injury to property,
the injured party or parties could bring claims against us as the manufacturer
and/or retailer of the product. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate
to cover every claim that could be asserted. If a successful claim were brought
against us in excess of our insurance coverage, it could adversely affect our
business. Even unsuccessful claims could result in the expenditure of funds and
management time and could have a negative impact on our business.

We may face
risks relating to the development of our travel business.

We acquired all of the
capital stock of Ski West, Inc., an on-line travel company, on July 1,
2005 and integrated Ski West with our travel operations to form OTravel.com,
Inc (our travel business). There can be no assurance about the future
performance of our travel business. If we are unsuccessful in disposing of our
travel business, we may encounter unforeseen operating or other
difficulties.

We may face risks
relating to the planned sale of our travel business.

In the fourth quarter of
2006, we determined to reduce our expense structure and sell non-core
businesses. We have taken steps to accomplish the sale of OTravel (our travel
business), and have classified it as a discontinued operation. As a result, we
have implemented plans designed to reduce our travel business’ operating
expenses and maintain its core operations at current level of performance and
have discontinued plans and operations designed to expand this portion of our
business. There can be no assurance that our plans to sell our travel business
will succeed, or that we will achieve terms of sale favorable to us. Additionally,
we may encounter problems associated with the sale which may reduce sales proceeds,
cost us expenses or expose us to unanticipated litigation during or following
the sale. The determination to discontinue expansion plans, and support our
travel business operations at a maintenance level, may cause us to forego
improvements and upgrades to its software platforms and business processes and
procedures necessary to maintain a competivive operation. The sale of such a
subsidiary may present these and other problems which may have a material,
adverse effect on the remainder of our business operations. We may not succeed
in the sale and as a result, we may have to continue operations of our travel
business for some time, and may incur as a result unanticipated operational
costs. We are exploring the possibility of selling some or all of our travel
business. We may be unable to do so at a price equal to the price we paid for
the Ski West business or at a price we consider acceptable.

We have significant
indebtedness.

In connection with our
sale of our 3.75% Convertible Senior Notes (the “Senior Notes”) in November 2004,
we incurred $120.0 million of indebtedness, due December 1, 2011. Under
the repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors in 2005, we retired
$33.0 million and $10.0 million of the Senior Notes in June and November 2005
for $27.9 million and $7.8 million in cash, respectively. As a result of the
note retirements, we recognized a gain of $6.2 million for the year ended December 31,
2005, net of the associated unamortized discount of $1.2 million. As of December 31,
2006, $77.0 million of the Senior Notes remained outstanding. As a result of
this indebtedness, our principal and interest payment obligations increased
substantially. The degree to which we are leveraged could materially and
adversely affect our ability to obtain additional financing for working
capital, acquisitions or other purposes and could make us more vulnerable to
industry downturns and competitive pressures. Our ability to meet our debt
service obligations is dependent upon our future performance, which will be
subject to financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many
of which are beyond our control.

26

We may be
unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service
obligations.

Our ability to generate
cash flow from operations to make interest payments on our debt obligations
will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by a range of
economic, competitive and business factors. We cannot control many of these
factors, including general economic conditions and the health of the internet
retail industry. If our operations do not generate sufficient cash flow from
operations to satisfy our debt service obligations, we may need to borrow
additional funds to make these payments or undertake alternative financing plans,
such as refinancing or restructuring our debt, or reducing or delaying capital
investments and acquisitions. Additional funds or alternative financing
may not be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. Our inability to
generate sufficient cash flow from operations or obtain additional funds or
alternative financing on acceptable terms could have a material adverse effect
on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

Risks Relating to
our Auctions Site Business

Our auctions site
is a new business.

Our auctions site began
operation in September 2004. The online auctions business is a new
business for us, and we cannot ensure that our expansion into the online
auctions business will succeed. Our entry into the online auctions business
will require us to devote substantial financial, technical, managerial and
other resources to the business. It will also expose us to additional risks,
including legal and regulatory risks, and it will require us to compete with
established businesses having substantially greater experience in the online
auctions business and substantially greater resources than we have.

Our auction
business may be subject to a variety of regulatory requirements.

Many states and other
jurisdictions, including Utah, where our company is located, have regulations
governing the conduct of traditional “auctions” and the liability of
traditional “auctioneers” in conducting auctions. Although the vast majority of
these regulations clearly contemplated only traditional auctions, not online
auctions, the potential application of these types of regulations to online
auction sites is not clear. We are aware that several states and some foreign
jurisdictions have attempted to impose such regulations on other companies operating
online auction sites or on the users of those sites. In addition, certain
states have laws or regulations that do expressly apply to online auction site
services. Although we do not expect these laws to have a significant effect on
our auction site business, we will incur costs in complying with these laws,
and we may from time to time be required to make changes in our business
that may increase our costs, reduce our revenues, cause us to prohibit the
listing of certain items in certain locations, or make other changes that
may adversely affect our auctions business.

Current and future
laws could affect our auctions business.

Like our shopping site
business, our auction site business is subject to the same laws and regulations
that apply to other companies conducting business on and off the Internet. In
addition, our auction site business may be affected by other laws and
regulations, such as those that expressly apply to online auction site
services. Further, because of the wide range of items that users of our
auctions service may choose to list on the site, a variety of additional
laws and regulations may apply to transactions between users of our site,
such as those requiring a license to sell or purchase certain items or
mandating particular disclosures in connection with an offer or sale of an
item. To the extent that such current or future laws or regulations prevent
users from selling items on our auction site, they could harm our business.

Our business
may be harmed if our auction site is used for unlawful transactions.

The law regarding the
potential liability of an online auction service for the activities of its
users is not clear. We prohibit the listing of numerous categories of items in
an effort to reduce the possibility that 

27

users of
our auction site will engage in an unlawful transaction. However, we cannot
assure that users of the site will comply with all laws and regulations
applicable to them and their transactions, and we may be subject to
allegations of civil or criminal liability for any unlawful activities
conducted by them. Any costs we incur as a result of any such allegations, or
as a result of actual or alleged unlawful transactions utilizing our site, or
in our efforts to prevent any such transactions, may harm our business. In
addition, any negative publicity we receive regarding any such transactions or
allegations may damage our reputation, our ability to attract new
customers to our main shopping site, and the Overstock.com brand name
generally.

Fraudulent activities using our auctions site and
disputes between users of our auctions site may harm our business.

We are aware that other
companies operating online auction services have periodically received
complaints from users alleging that they have not received the purchase price
or the goods they expected to receive, and that in some cases users have been
arrested and convicted for engaging in fraudulent activities using those
companies’ auction sites. We may receive similar complaints. We do not
have the ability to require users of our services to fulfill their obligations
to make payments or to deliver items. We are aware that other companies
periodically receive complaints from buyers about the quality of the items they
purchase, requests for reimbursement of amounts paid, and communications
threatening or commencing legal actions against them. We may receive
similar complaints, requests and communications in connection with our auctions
site business.

We are subject to
risks associated with information transmitted through our service.

The law relating to the
liability of online services companies for information carried on or
disseminated through their services is currently unsettled. Claims could be
made against online services companies under both U.S. and foreign law for
defamation, libel, invasion of privacy, negligence, copyright or trademark
infringement, or other theories based on the nature and content of the
materials disseminated through their services. We are aware that private
lawsuits seeking to impose liability under a number of these theories have been
brought against other companies operating auction sites. In addition, domestic
and foreign legislation has been proposed that would prohibit or impose
liability for the transmission over the Internet of certain types of
information. Our service permits users to make comments regarding other users.
Although all such comments are generated by users and not by us, we are aware
that claims of defamation or other injury have been made against other
companies operating auction services in the past and could be made in the
future against us for comments made by users. Recent court decisions have
narrowed the scope of the immunity provided to Internet service providers like
us under the Communications Decency Act. This trend, if continued,
may increase our potential liability to third parties for the
user-provided content on our site.

Difficulties or negative publicity associated with our
auctions business could affect our main shopping site business.

Any significant operational
or other difficulties we encounter with our auctions business could damage our
reputation, our ability to attract new customers to our main shopping site, and
the Overstock.com brand name generally. Negative publicity resulting from
actual or alleged fraudulent or deceptive conduct by users of our auctions site
could also damage our reputation, our ability to attract new customers to our
main shopping site, and the Overstock.com brand name generally.

28

Risks Relating to our Cars Site Business

Our cars site is a new business.

Our cars site began
operation in December 2006. The cars site is a listing service for
automobile sellers. The online car listing service is a new business for us. We
cannot ensure that our expansion into the car listing business will succeed.
Our entry into this business will require us to devote substantial financial,
technical, managerial and other resources to the business. It will also expose
us to additional risks, including legal and regulatory risks, and it will
require us to compete with established businesses having substantially greater
experience in the online car listing service business and substantially greater
resources than we have.

Our car listing business may be subject to a
variety of regulatory requirements.

Many states and other
jurisdictions, including Utah, where we are located, have regulations governing
the conduct of car sellers and public advertisement for car sales. Generally,
these regulations govern the conduct of those sellers advertising their automobiles
for sale and are not directly applicable to those providing the medium through
which the advertisement is made available to the public. Sellers are often
subject to regulations in the nature of “truth in advertising laws.” The
application of these regulations to online car listing service providers is not
clear. Although we do not expect these laws to have a significant effect on our
car listing business, we will incur costs in researching and complying with
these laws, and we may from time to time be required to make changes in
our business that may increase our costs, reduce our revenues, cause us to
prohibit certain listing or advertising practices, or make other changes that
may adversely affect our cars listing business.

Current and future laws could affect our car listing
business.

Like our shopping site
business, our car listing business is subject to the same laws and regulations
that apply to other companies conducting business on and off the Internet. In
addition, our car listing site business may be affected by other laws and
regulations, such as those that expressly apply to advertising automobiles for
sale. To the extent that such current or future laws or regulations prevent
users from selling items on our car listing site, they could harm our business.

Our business may be harmed if our car listing
site is used for unlawful transactions.

The law regarding the
potential liability of an online listing service for automobile sales is not
clear. The platform of the listing service will be accessible to those
subscribers who will have the ability to feature their cars for sale and will
supply the text descriptions of the vehicles, including the general condition
of the vehicle and other important information. We will have no ability
beforehand to know if the information sellers provide is correct. While our
site terms and conditions of usage will prohibit unlawful acts, we cannot rule out
the possibility that users of our cars listing site will engage in an unlawful
transactions, or fail to comply with all laws and regulations applicable to
them and their transactions, and we may be subject to allegations of civil
or criminal liability for any unlawful activities conducted by them. Any costs
we incur as a result of any such allegations, or as a result of actual or
alleged unlawful transactions utilizing our site, or in our efforts to prevent
any such transactions, may harm our business. In addition, any negative
publicity we receive regarding any such transactions or allegations
may damage our reputation, our ability to attract new customers to our
main shopping site, and the Overstock.com brand name generally.

Fraudulent activities
using our cars listing site and disputes between users of our car listing site
may harm our business.

We are aware that other
companies operating online car listing services have periodically received
complaints from users alleging improprieties in connection with listings, and
occasionally these complaints 

29

may
result in regulatory action. Particularly, with any online listing service
there is the possibility that sellers may attempt to employ “bait and switch”
techniques, attracting consumers with advertisements of low cost, good
condition vehicles in hopes of switching buyer interest to another less
favorable vehicle once a potential purchaser responds. Additionally, sellers
may attempt to sell vehicles without accurate descriptions of the condition of
the vehicles. We do not have the ability to require users of our services to
fulfill their obligations to make accurate disclosures or comply with consumer
laws prohibiting “bait and switch” or other prohibited seller tactics. We are
aware that other companies providing similar services periodically receive
complaints from vehicle purchasers about the quality of the vehicles they
purchase, requesting reimbursement of amounts they have paid, threatening or
commencing legal actions against the listing service for damages. We
may receive similar complaints, requests and communications, and encounter
similar legal actions in connection with our cars listing business, which may
harm our business or reputation among consumers.

Risks Relating to
the Internet Industry

Our success is tied
to the continued use of the Internet and the adequacy of the Internet
infrastructure.

Our future revenues
and profits, if any, substantially depend upon the continued widespread use of
the Internet as an effective medium of business and communication. Factors
which could reduce the widespread use of the Internet include:

·
       actual or perceived lack of
security of information or privacy protection;

·
       possible disruptions,
computer viruses or other damage to the Internet servers or to users’
computers; and

·
       governmental regulation.

Customers
may be unwilling to use the Internet to purchase goods.

Our long-term future
depends heavily upon the general public’s willingness to use the Internet as a
means to purchase goods. E-commerce remains a relatively new concept, and large
numbers of customers may not begin or continue to use the Internet to
purchase goods. The demand for and acceptance of products sold over the
Internet are highly uncertain, and most e-commerce businesses have a short
track record. If consumers are unwilling to use the Internet to conduct
business, our business may not develop profitably.

The security risks or perception of risks of
e-commerce may discourage customers from purchasing goods from us.

In order for the
e-commerce market to develop successfully, we and other market participants
must be able to transmit confidential information securely over public
networks. Third parties may have the technology or know-how to breach the
security of customer transaction data. Any breach could cause customers to lose
confidence in the security of our Websites and choose not to purchase from our
Websites. If someone is able to circumvent our security measures, he or she
could destroy or steal valuable information or disrupt our operations. Concerns
about the security and privacy of transactions over the Internet could inhibit
the growth of the Internet and e-commerce. Our security measures may not
effectively prohibit others from obtaining improper access to our information.
Third parties may target our customers directly with fraudulent identity
theft schemes designed to appear as legitimate communications from us. Any
security breach or fraud perpetrated on our customers could expose us to
increased costs and to risks of loss, litigation and liability and could
seriously disrupt our operations.

30

Credit card fraud
could adversely affect our business.

We do not carry insurance
against the risk of credit card fraud, so the failure to adequately control
fraudulent credit card transactions could reduce our net revenues and our gross
margin. We have implemented technology to help us detect the fraudulent use of
credit card information. However, we may in the future suffer losses as a
result of orders placed with fraudulent credit card data even though the
associated financial institution approved payment of the orders. Under current
credit card practices, we may be liable for fraudulent credit card
transactions because we do not obtain a cardholder’s signature. If we are
unable to detect or control credit card fraud, our liability for these
transactions could harm our business, results of operation or financial
condition.

If one or more states successfully assert that we
should collect sales or other taxes on the sale of our merchandise or the
merchandise of third parties that we offer for sale on our Websites, our
business could be harmed.

We do not currently
collect sales or other similar taxes for physical shipments of goods into
states other than Utah and Indiana. One or more local, state or foreign
jurisdictions may seek to impose sales tax collection obligations on us
and other out-of-state companies that engage in online commerce. Our business
could be adversely affected if one or more states or any foreign country
successfully asserts that we should collect sales or other taxes on the sale of
our merchandise.

Existing or future
government regulation could harm our business.

We are subject to the same
federal, state and local laws as other companies conducting business on the
Internet. Today there are relatively few laws specifically directed towards conducting
business on the Internet. However, due to the increasing popularity and use of
the Internet, many laws and regulations relating to the Internet are being
debated at the state and federal levels. These laws and regulations could cover
issues such as user privacy, freedom of expression, pricing, fraud, quality of
products and services, taxation, advertising, intellectual property rights and
information security. Applicability to the Internet of existing laws governing
issues such as property ownership, copyrights and other intellectual property
issues, taxation, libel, obscenity and personal privacy could also harm our
business. For example, United States and foreign laws regulate our ability to
use customer information and to develop, buy and sell mailing lists. The vast
majority of these laws was adopted prior to the advent of the Internet, and do
not contemplate or address the unique issues raised thereby. Those laws that do
reference the Internet are only beginning to be interpreted by the courts and
their applicability and reach are therefore uncertain. These current and future
laws and regulations could harm our business, results of operation and
financial condition.

Laws or regulations relating to privacy and data
protection may adversely affect the growth of our Internet business or our
marketing efforts.

We are subject to
increasing regulation at the federal, state and international levels relating
to privacy and the use of personal user information. For example, we are
subject to various telemarketing laws that regulate the manner in which we
may solicit future suppliers and customers. Such regulations, along with
increased governmental or private enforcement, may increase the cost of
growing our business. In addition, many jurisdictions have laws that limit the
uses of personal user information gathered online or offline or require
companies to establish privacy policies. The Federal Trade Commission has
adopted regulations regarding the collection and use of personal identifying
information obtained from children under 13. Proposed legislation in this
country and existing laws in foreign countries require companies to establish
procedures to notify users of privacy and security policies, obtain consent
from users for collection and use of personal information, and/or provide users
with the ability to access, correct and delete personal information stored by
us. Additional legislation regarding data security and privacy has been
proposed in Congress. These data protection regulations may restrict our
ability to collect demographic and personal 

31

information
from users, which could be costly or harm our marketing efforts, and could
require us to implement new and potentially costly processes, procedures and/or
protective measures.

Risks Relating to the Securities Markets and Ownership
of Our Securities

The price of our securities may be volatile and
you may lose all or a part of your investment.

Our
common stock has been publicly traded only since May 30, 2002. The market
price of our common stock has been subject to significant fluctuations since
the date of our initial public offering. These fluctuations could continue. It
is possible that in some future periods our results of operations may be
below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. If this occurs,
the market price of our securities may decline. Among the factors that
could affect the market price of our securities are as follows:

·
       changes in securities analysts’ recommendations
or estimates of our financial performance or publication of research reports by
analysts;

·
       changes in market valuations of similar
companies;

·
       announcements by us or our competitors of
significant contracts, acquisitions, commercial relationships, joint ventures
or capital commitments;

·
       general market conditions;

·
       actual or anticipated fluctuations in our
operating results;

·
       intellectual property or litigation
developments;

·
       changes in our management team;

·
       economic factors unrelated to our performance;
and

·
       our issuance of additional shares of stock or
other securities.

In addition, the
securities markets have experienced significant price and trading volume
fluctuations. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the
trading price of our securities. In the past, following periods of volatility
in the market price of a public company’s securities, securities
class action litigation has often been instituted against that company.
Such litigation could result in substantial cost and a diversion of management’s
attention and resources.

Our quarterly operating results are volatile and
may adversely affect the market price of our securities.

Our
future revenues and operating results are likely to vary significantly from
quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, many of which are outside our
control, and any of which could harm our business. As a result, we believe that
quarterly comparisons of our operating results are not necessarily meaningful
and that you should not rely on the results of one quarter as an indication of
our future performance. In addition to the other risk factors described in this
report, additional factors that have caused and/or could cause our quarterly
operating results to fluctuate and in turn affect the market price of our
securities include:

·
       increases in the cost of advertising;

·
       our inability to retain existing customers or
encourage repeat purchases;

·
       the extent to which our existing and future
marketing agreements are successful;

·
       price competition that results in lower profit
margins or losses;

·
       the amount and timing of
operating costs and capital expenditures relating to the expansion of our
business operations and infrastructure;

32

·
       the amount and timing of
our purchases of inventory;

·
       our inability to manage
distribution operations or provide adequate levels of customer service;

·
       our ability to successfully
integrate operations and technologies from acquisitions or other business
combinations;

·
       entering into new lines of
products;

·
       our ability to attract
users to our new auctions and car listing sites; and

·
       our inability to replace
the loss of significant customers.

Our operating results may fluctuate depending on
the season, and such fluctuations may affect the market price of our
securities.

We have experienced and
expect to continue to experience fluctuations in our operating results because
of seasonal fluctuations in traditional retail patterns. Sales in the retail
and wholesale industry tend to be significantly higher in the fourth calendar
quarter of each year than in the preceding three quarters due primarily to
increased shopping activity during the holiday season. However, there can be no
assurance that our sales in the fourth quarter will exceed those of the
preceding quarters or, if the fourth quarter sales do exceed those of the
preceding quarters, that we will be able to manage the increased sales
effectively. Further, we generally increase our inventories substantially in
anticipation of holiday season shopping activity, which has a negative effect
on our cash flow. Securities analysts and investors may inaccurately
estimate the effects of seasonality on our results of operations in one or more
future quarters and, consequently, our operating results may fall below
expectations, causing the market price of our securities to decline.

We do not intend to pay dividends on our
non-redeemable common stock, and you may lose the entire amount of your
investment in our common stock.

We have never declared or
paid any cash dividends on our non-redeemable common stock and do not intend to
pay dividends on our non-redeemable common stock for the foreseeable future. We
intend to invest our future earnings, if any, to fund our growth. Therefore,
you will not receive any funds without selling your shares. We cannot assure
that you will receive a positive return on your investment when you sell your
shares or that you will not lose the entire amount of your investment.

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
Amended and Restated Bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law contain
anti-takeover provisions which could discourage or prevent a takeover, even if
an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders.

Several provisions of our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated
Bylaws could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or
prevent a change in control of our company even if that change in control would
be beneficial to our stockholders. For example, only one-third of our board of
directors will be elected at each of our annual meetings of stockholders, which
will make it more difficult for a potential acquirer to change the management
of our company, even after acquiring a majority of the shares of our common
stock. These provisions, which cannot be amended without the approval of
two-thirds of our stockholders, could diminish the opportunities for a
stockholder to participate in tender offers, including tender offers at a price
above the then current market value of our common stock. In addition, our board
of directors, without further stockholder approval, may issue preferred
stock, with such terms as the board of directors may determine, that could
have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company.
The issuance of preferred stock could also adversely affect the voting powers
of the holders of common stock, including the loss of voting control to others.
We are also afforded the protections of Section 203 of the Delaware 

33

General
Corporation Law, which could delay or prevent a change in control of our company
or could impede a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination
involving our company or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender
offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company.

Potential Stock
Manipulation

We have filed an unfair business practice lawsuit
against Gradient Analytics, Rocker Partners, L.P. and others, alleging that the
defendants have conspired to denigrate Overstock’s business for personal
profit, as well as an amended complaint alleging additional causes of action
and articulating in greater detail the allegations against the defendants. We
have also filed an unfair business practice lawsuit against Morgan Stanley &
Co. Incorporated, Goldman Sachs & Co., Bear Stearns Companies, Inc.,
Bank of America Securities LLC, Bank of New York, Citigroup Inc., Credit Suisse
(USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner &
Smith, Inc., and UBS Financial Services, Inc. We believe that the
defendants in both of these lawsuits have engaged in unlawful actions and have
caused substantial harm to Overstock, and that certain of the defendants have
made efforts to drive the market price of Overstock’s common stock down. To the
extent that the defendants or other persons engage in any such actions or other
take any other actions to interfere with or destroy or harm Overstock’s
existing and/or prospective business relationships with its suppliers, bankers,
customers, lenders, investors, prospective investors or others, our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operation may suffer, and
the price of our common stock may be more volatile than it might otherwise
be and/or may trade at prices below those that might prevail in the
absence of any such efforts.

Any investment in our
securities involves a high degree of risk. Investors should consider carefully
the risks and uncertainties described below, and all other information in this Form 10-K
and in any reports we file with the SEC after we file this Form 10-K,
before deciding whether to purchase or hold our securities. Additional risks
and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business. The
occurrence of any of the risks described in this Form 10-K could harm our
business. The trading price of our securities could decline due to any of these
risks and uncertainties, and investors may lose part or all of their
investment.

Available
Information

Our Internet website
address is http://www.overstock.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K
and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge
through our Internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after we
electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our Internet
website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not a
part of or incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.