Please consider the following risk factors carefully. If any one of the following risks were to occur, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of
operations could be materially adversely affected, and the market price of our securities could decrease. These are not the only risks we face. In addition, the global economic climate amplifies many
of these risks. 

 Risks Relating to Overstock 

 Existing or future government regulation could harm our business. 

        We are subject to the same federal, state and local laws as other companies conducting business on the Internet or through other means.
Today there are relatively few laws specifically directed towards conducting business on the Internet. However, due to the increasing popularity and use of the Internet, many laws and regulations
relating to the Internet are being debated at the state and federal levels. These laws and regulations could cover issues such as user privacy, behavioral advertising, auto-renewability of
contract, freedom of expression, pricing, fraud, quality of products and services, taxation, advertising, intellectual property rights and information security. Applicability to the Internet of
existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, copyrights and other intellectual property issues, taxation, libel, obscenity and personal privacy could also harm our business. For example,
United States and foreign laws regulate our ability to use customer information and to develop, buy and sell mailing lists. Many of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of the Internet and do
not contemplate or address the unique issues raised thereby. Consequently, laws adopted for the regulation of commerce that is not Internet based, may present difficult or impossible compliance
challenges, may be applied to us in an adverse way, or the judicial interpretation of the application of these laws to our Internet-based business may be adverse to our interests. Many of those laws
that do reference the Internet are still being interpreted by the courts and their applicability and reach are therefore uncertain. Moreover, Internet advances and innovations may result in new
questions about the applicability and reach of these laws. Additionally, laws governing the permissible contents of products may adversely affect us, and we are subject to federal and state consumer
laws, including those governing advertising, product labeling, product content requirements and product safety. The laws not only apply to future manufacture of consumer product, but also apply to
existing inventories and may cause us to incur losses for any non-compliant items in our inventory, or which we may have sold which may subject us
to regulatory or civil actions. Some of the products we sell or manufacture may, under statutory or common law, from time to time expose us to claims related to personal injury, death, environmental
or property damage and may from time to time require product recalls or other actions which may not be covered, in whole or in part, by our liability insurance. These current and future laws and
regulations could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operation. 

 General economic factors may adversely affect our financial performance. 

        General economic conditions may adversely affect our financial performance. In the United States, changes in interest rates, changes in
fuel and other energy costs, weakness in the housing market, inflation or deflation or expectations of either inflation or deflation, higher levels of unemployment, unavailability or limitations of
consumer credit, higher consumer debt levels or efforts by consumers to reduce debt levels, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws, overall economic slowdown, changes in consumer desires
affecting demand for the products and services we sell and other economic factors could adversely affect consumer demand for the products and services we sell, change the mix of products we sell to a
mix with a lower average gross margin and result in slower inventory turnover and greater markdowns on inventory. Higher interest rates, transportation costs, inflation, higher costs of labor,
insurance and healthcare, foreign exchange rates fluctuations, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws, changes in other laws and regulations and other economic factors in the United States can
increase our cost of sales and operating, selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise 

9

Table of Contents

adversely
affect our operations and operating results. These factors affect not only our operations, but also the operations of suppliers from whom we purchase goods, a condition that can result in an
increase in the cost to us of the goods we sell to our customers. 

 Decreases in discretionary consumer spending may have an adverse effect on us. 

        A substantial portion of the products and services we offer are products or services that consumers may view as discretionary items
rather than necessities. As a result, our results of operations are sensitive to changes in macro-economic conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. Difficult
macro-economic conditions, particularly high levels of unemployment, also impact our customers' ability to obtain consumer credit. Other factors, including consumer confidence, employment levels,
interest rates, tax rates, consumer debt levels, and fuel and energy costs could reduce consumer spending or change consumer purchasing habits. A continued slowdown in the U.S. or global economy, or
an uncertain economic outlook, could materially adversely affect consumer spending habits and our operating results. 

 We have a history of significant losses. If we do not maintain profitability, our financial condition and our stock price could suffer. 

        We have a history of losses and we may incur operating and net losses in the foreseeable future. The last year we incurred a net loss
was for the year ended December 31, 2008 in which the amount was a net loss of $11.0 million. As of December 31, 2010, our accumulated deficit was $242 million. We need to
generate significant revenues to maintain profitability, and we may not be able to do so. Although we had net income of $13.8 million and $7.7 million in 2010 and 2009, respectively, we
may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. If our revenues grow more slowly than we anticipate or decline, or if our expenses exceed our
expectations, our financial results would be harmed and our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could fall below the expectations of public market analysts and
investors. 

        We
will continue to incur significant operating expenses and capital expenditures to: 

•

further enhance our distribution and order fulfillment capabilities; 

•

further improve our order processing systems and capabilities; 

•

develop enhanced technologies and features; 

•

continue to expand our customer service capabilities to better serve our customers' needs; 

•

expand or modify our product offerings; 

•

expand warehouse and office space; 

•

increase our general and administrative functions to support our operations and activities; and 

•

maintain or increase our sales, branding and marketing activities, including maintaining existing or entering into new
online marketing or marketing analytics arrangements, and continuing or increasing our national television and radio advertising, direct mail and/or other marketing campaigns. 

        Because
we will incur many of these expenses before we receive any revenues from our improvement and enhancement efforts, our losses may be greater than the losses we would incur if we
developed our business more slowly. Further, we base our expenses in large part on our operating plans and future revenue projections. Many of our expenses are fixed in the short term, and we may not
be able to reduce spending quickly or at all if our revenues are lower than we project. Therefore, any significant shortfall in revenues would likely harm our business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations. In addition, we may find that these efforts are more expensive than we anticipate 

10

Table of Contents

which
would adversely affect our profitability. Also, the timing of these expenses may contribute to fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations. 

 We may need to implement additional finance and accounting systems, procedures and controls as we grow our business and organization and to satisfy new reporting
requirements. 

        As a public reporting company, we are required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules and regulations of
the SEC, including expanded disclosures and accelerated reporting requirements and more complex accounting rules. Compliance with these and other new requirements may increase our costs and require
additional management time and resources. We may need to implement additional finance and accounting systems, procedures and controls to satisfy our reporting requirements. If our internal control
over financial reporting is determined to be ineffective, such failure could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, negatively affect the market price of our common
stock, subject us to regulatory investigations and penalties, and adversely impact our business and financial condition. 

 Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our
financial results. 

        Generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with
regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including but not limited to, revenue recognition, estimating valuation allowances and accrued liabilities (specifically, the
allowances for returns, credit card chargebacks, doubtful accounts and obsolete and damaged inventory), internal use software and website development (acquired and developed internally), accounting
for income taxes, valuation of long-lived and intangible assets and goodwill, stock-based compensation, and loss contingencies are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions,
estimates and judgments by our management. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our
reported or expected financial performance. 

 Our cash, cash equivalents, investments in precious metals and short-term investments are subject to a risk of loss based upon the solvency of the financial
institutions in which they are maintained and movement in the precious metals markets. 

        We maintain the majority of our cash, cash equivalents, investments in precious metals and short-term investments in
accounts with major financial institutions within the United States, in the form of demand deposits, money market accounts, time deposits, U.S. Treasury Bills and other short-term
investments. Our deposits in these institutions may generally exceed the amounts of insurance provided, or deposits may not at all be covered by insurance. If any of these institutions becomes
insolvent, or there is a significant decline in the price of precious metals, it could substantially harm our financial condition and we may lose some, or all, of such deposits. 

 If we fail to accurately forecast our expenses and revenues, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may suffer and the price of our
securities may decline. 

        Our limited operating history and the rapidly evolving nature of our industry make forecasting operating results difficult. Since 2005,
we have completed several large, complex and expensive infrastructure upgrades in order to increase our ability to handle larger volumes of sales and to develop or increase our ability to perform a
variety of analytical procedures relating to our business, and we are continuing the work to upgrade and further expand these and other components of our infrastructure. We have experienced
difficulties with the implementation of various aspects of the upgrades of our infrastructure, and have incurred increased expenses as a result of these difficulties. As a result of these
expenditures, our ability to reduce spending if our revenues are lower than we project is limited. 

11

Table of Contents

Therefore,
any significant shortfall in the revenues for which we have built and are continuing to build our infrastructure would likely harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operations and cause our results of operation to fall below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. 

 The seasonality of our business places increased strain on our operations. 

        A disproportionate amount of our sales normally occur during our fourth quarter. If we do not stock or restock popular products in
sufficient amounts to meet customer demand, this could significantly affect our revenue and our future growth. If we liquidate products, as we have in the past, we may be required to take significant
inventory markdowns or write-offs, which could reduce gross profits. We may experience an increase in our net shipping cost due to complimentary upgrades, split-shipments, and additional
long-zone shipments necessary to ensure timely delivery for the holiday season. If too many customers access our Website within a short period of time due to increased holiday demand, we
may experience system interruptions that make our Website unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders, which may reduce the volume of goods we sell and the attractiveness of our
products and services. In addition, we may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment and customer service centers during these peak periods and delivery and other fulfillment companies and
customer service co-sourcers may be unable to meet the seasonal demand. 

 We depend on our relationships with independent fulfillment partners for a large portion of the products that we offer for sale on our Website. If we fail to maintain these
relationships, our business will suffer. 

        At December 31, 2010, we had relationships with approximately 1,600 independent fulfillment partners whose products we offer for
sale on our Website. We depend on our fulfillment partners to provide a large portion of the product selection we offer, as these products accounted for 81% of our net revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2010. We may expand the number of fulfillment partner relationships and the number of products offered for sale by our fulfillment partners on our Website. If we do not maintain
our existing relationships or build new relationships with fulfillment partners on acceptable commercial terms, we may not be able to maintain a broad selection of merchandise, and customers may not
shop at or purchase from our Website. In addition, manufacturers may decide not to offer particular products for sale on the Internet or on sites like ours. If we are unable to maintain our existing
or build new fulfillment partner relationships or if product manufacturers refuse or restrict sale of their products via the Internet, though sites like ours, or to us, our business and prospects
would suffer severely. 

        In
general, we agree to offer the fulfillment partners' products on our Website and these fulfillment partners agree to conduct a number of other traditional retail operations with
respect to their respective products that we offer for sale on our Website, including maintaining inventory, preparing merchandise for shipment to individual customers and timely distribution of
purchased merchandise. We have no effective means to ensure that these third parties will continue to perform these services to our satisfaction or on commercially reasonable terms. In addition,
because we do not take possession of these fulfillment parties' products, (other than on the return of such products), we are unable to fulfill these traditional retail operations ourselves. Our
customers could become dissatisfied and cancel their orders or decline to make future purchases if these third parties are unable to deliver products on a timely basis. If our customers become
dissatisfied with the services provided by these third parties, our reputation and the Overstock.com brand could suffer. 

        We
do not have any long-term agreements with any of these fulfillment partners. Our agreements with fulfillment partners are terminable at will by either party upon short
notice. 

12

Table of Contents

 We rely on our relationships with manufacturers, retailers and other suppliers to obtain sufficient quantities of quality merchandise on acceptable terms. If we fail to
maintain our supplier relationships on acceptable terms, our sales and profitability could suffer. 

        We do not have contracts with manufacturers or liquidation wholesalers that guarantee the availability of merchandise for a set
duration. Our contracts or arrangements with suppliers do not provide for the continuation of particular pricing practices and may be terminated by either party upon short notice. Our current
suppliers may not continue to sell their excess inventory to us on current terms or at all and we may not be able to establish new supply relationships. For example, it is difficult for us to maintain
high levels of product quality and selection because none of the manufacturers, suppliers and liquidation wholesalers from whom we purchase products on a purchase order by purchase order basis have a
continuing obligation to provide us with merchandise at historical levels or at all. In most cases, our relationships with our suppliers do not restrict the suppliers from selling their respective
inventory to other traditional or online merchandise liquidators or retailers, which could in turn limit the selection of products available on our Website. If we are unable to develop and maintain
relationships with suppliers that will allow us to obtain sufficient quantities of merchandise on acceptable commercial terms, such inability could harm our business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operation. 

 Risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced and the safety of those products could adversely affect our financial performance. 

        The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. Global sourcing of many of the products
we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant
challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the United States. Political and economic instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the
financial instability of suppliers, suppliers' failure to meet our supplier standards, labor problems experienced by our suppliers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise quality
issues, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, transport security, inflation, and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our
control. In addition, the United States' foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of
certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other factors affecting our suppliers
and our access to products could adversely affect our financial performance. 

        Our
customers count on us to provide them with safe products. Concerns regarding the safety of products that we source from our suppliers and then sell could cause shoppers to avoid
purchasing certain products from us, or to seek alternative sources of supply for all of their needs, even if the basis for the concern is outside of our control. Any lost confidence on the part of
our customers would be difficult and costly to reestablish. As such, any issue regarding the safety of any items we sell, regardless of the cause, could adversely affect our financial performance. 

 We depend upon third-party delivery services to deliver products to our customers on a timely and consistent basis. Deterioration in our relationship with any one of these
third parties could decrease our ability to track shipments, cause shipment delays, and increase our shipping costs and the number of damaged products. 

        We rely upon multiple third parties for the shipment of products to customers. We cannot be sure that these relationships will continue
on terms we find acceptable, or at all. Unexpected increases in shipping costs or delivery times, particularly during the holiday season, could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and
results of operations. If our relationships with these third parties are 

13

Table of Contents

terminated
or impaired or if these third parties are unable to deliver products for us, whether through labor shortage, slow down or stoppage, deteriorating financial or business condition, responses
to terrorist attacks, natural disasters, or for any other reason, we would be required to use alternative carriers for the shipment of products to our customers. In addition, conditions such as
adverse weather or natural disasters can prevent any carriers from performing their delivery services, which can have an adverse effect on our customers' satisfaction with us. In any of these
circumstances, we may be unable to engage alternative carriers on a timely basis, upon terms we find acceptable, or at all. Changing carriers, or absence of carrier availability, could have a negative
effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Potential adverse consequences effecting customer satisfaction include: 

•

reduced visibility and accuracy of order status and package tracking; 

•

delays in order processing and product delivery; 

•

increased delivery costs, resulting in reduced profit margins; and 

•

reduced shipment quality, which may result in delivery of damaged products. 

 We depend upon our credit card processors and payment card associations. 

        Our customers primarily use credit cards to buy from us. We are dependent upon our credit card processors to process the sales
transactions and remit the proceeds to us. The credit card processors have the right to withhold funds otherwise payable to us to establish a reserve based on their assessment of the inherent risks of
credit card processing and their assessment of the risks of processing our customers' credit cards, and have done so from time to time in the past. The credit card processors may establish, increase
or decrease the amount of any reserve at any time. Any increase in the amounts of the reserves established by the processors would have an adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity, and any
material unexpected increase could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

        We
are also subject to payment card associations' operating rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to
make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit
and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. 

 A significant number of merchandise returns could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        We generally allow our customers to return products, subject to our returns policies. If merchandise returns are significant, our
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. Further, we modify our policies relating to returns from time to time and any policies intended to reduce the number
of product returns may result in customer dissatisfaction and fewer repeat customers. 

 Our pricing strategy may not meet customers' price expectations or result in net income. 

        Demand for our products is generally highly sensitive to price. Our pricing strategies have had, and may continue to have, a
significant impact on our net sales and net income. We often offer discounted prices, and free or discounted shipping as a means of attracting customers and encouraging repeat purchases. Such offers
and discounts may reduce our margins. In addition, our competitors' pricing and marketing strategies are beyond our control and can significantly impact the
results of our pricing strategies. If we fail to meet our customers' price expectations in any given period, or if our competitors decide to engage in aggressive pricing strategies, our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations would suffer. 

14

Table of Contents 

 If the products that we offer on our Website do not reflect our customers' tastes and preferences, our sales and profit margins would decrease. 

        Our success depends in part on our ability to offer products that reflect consumers' tastes and preferences. Consumers' tastes are
subject to frequent, significant and sometimes unpredictable changes. Because some of the products that we sell consist of manufacturers' and retailers' excess inventory, we have limited control over
some of the specific products that we are able to offer for sale. If our merchandise fails to satisfy customers' tastes or respond to changes in customer preferences, our sales could suffer and we
could be required to mark down unsold inventory, as we have in the past, which would depress our profit margins. In addition, any failure to offer products in line with customers' preferences could
allow our competitors to gain market share. This could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

 We face risks relating to our inventory. 

        In our direct business, we sell merchandise that we have purchased and hold in inventory. We assume the risks of inventory damage,
theft and obsolescence, as well as risks of price erosion for these products. These risks are especially significant because some of the merchandise
we sell is characterized by seasonal trends, fashion trends, rapid technological change, obsolescence and price erosion (for example, computer hardware, software and consumer electronics) and because
we sometimes make large purchases of particular types of inventory. In addition, we often do not receive warranties on the merchandise we purchase. Subject to our returns policies, we accept returns
of products sold through our fulfillment partners and we have the risk of reselling the returned products. 

        In
the past we have recorded charges for obsolete inventory and have had to sell certain merchandise at a discount or loss. It is impossible to determine with certainty whether an item
will sell for more than our cost. To the extent that we rely on purchased inventory, our success will depend on our ability to sell our inventory rapidly, the ability of our buying staff to purchase
inventory at attractive prices relative to its resale value and our ability to manage customer returns and other costs. If we are unsuccessful in any of these areas, we may be forced to sell our
inventory at a discount or loss. 

        We
purchase some of our inventory from foreign suppliers and pay for inventory with U.S. dollars. If the dollar weakens with respect to foreign currencies, foreign suppliers may require
us to pay higher prices for products, which could negatively affect our profit margins. 

 If we do not successfully optimize and operate our warehouse and customer service operations, our business could be harmed. 

        We have expanded, contracted and otherwise modified our warehouse and customer service operations in the past, and expect that we will
continue to do so. If we do not successfully optimize and operate our warehouse and customer service operations, it could significantly limit our ability to meet customer demand. Because it is
difficult to predict demand, we may not manage our facilities in an optimal way, which may result in excess or insufficient inventory or warehousing capacity. We may be unable to adequately staff our
fulfillment and customer service centers. In addition, we rely on a limited number of companies to deliver inventory to us and to ship orders to our customers. If we are not able to negotiate
acceptable terms with these companies, or they experience performance problems or other difficulties, it could negatively impact our operating results and customer experience. 

 The loss of key personnel or any inability to attract and retain additional personnel could affect our ability to successfully grow our business. 

        Our performance is substantially dependent on the continued services and on the performance of our senior management and other key
personnel, including Patrick M. Byrne, our Chief Executive 

15

Table of Contents

Officer.
Our performance also depends on our ability to retain and motivate other officers and key employees. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other key employees for any
reason, including without limitation, illness or call to military service, or loss to competitors as a result of compensation differentials or other reasons, could harm our business, prospects,
financial condition and results of operations. We do not have employment agreements with any of our key personnel and we do not maintain "key person" life insurance policies. Our future success also
depends on our ability to identify, attract, hire, train, retain and motivate other highly-skilled technical, managerial, editorial, merchandising, marketing and customer service personnel.
Competition for such personnel is intense, and we cannot assure that we will be able to successfully attract, assimilate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel. Our failure to retain and attract
the necessary technical, managerial, editorial, merchandising, marketing and customer service personnel could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

 We have an evolving business model. 

        Our business model has evolved and continues to do so. In the past we have added additional types of services and product offerings
and, in some cases, we have modified or discontinued those offerings. We may continue to try to offer additional types of products or services and we cannot offer any assurance that any of them will
be successful. From time to time we have also modified aspects of our business model relating to our product mix and the mix of direct/fulfillment partner sourcing of the products we offer. We may
continue to modify this aspect of our business as well as other significant aspects of our business. We cannot offer any assurance that these or any other modifications will be successful or will not
result in harm to the business. The additions and modifications to our business have increased the complexity of our business and placed significant strain on our management, personnel, operations,
systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. Future additions to or modifications of our business are likely to have similar effects. We
may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth and negatively affect our operating results. 

 Our new O.co domain name may cause customer confusion. 

        We have announced the introduction of the O.co domain name as a shortcut domain designation for Overstock.com to assist us in our
efforts to globally brand Overstock.com. The use of an alternative single letter name designation, with a different top level domain of .co, may cause temporary or prolonged consumer confusion,
potentially reducing customer visits to our site, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, there is no assurance that the use of O.co as a
shortcut domain will succeed domestically or internationally. 

 We may be unable to manage expansion into new business areas which could harm our business operations and reputation. 

        Our long-term strategic plan involves expansion of our operations to offer additional types of products and services. We
may not be able to expand our business in this manner. Our failure to succeed in these markets or businesses or in other product or service offerings may harm our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operation. We cannot give any assurance that we will be able to expand our operations in a cost-effective or timely manner or that our efforts to expand will be
successful. Furthermore, any new business or website we launch that is not favorably received by consumers could damage our reputation or the Overstock.com brand. We may expand the number of
categories of products we carry on our Website and these and any other expansions of our operations would also require significant additional expenses and development and would strain our management,
financial and operational resources. The lack of market acceptance of such efforts or our inability to 

16

Table of Contents

generate
satisfactory revenues from such expanded services or products to offset their cost could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

 We are expanding our international business, causing our business to become increasingly susceptible to numerous international business risks and challenges that could
affect our profitability. 

        We sell products in international markets, and in the future we may expand into these markets more aggressively. International sales
and transactions are subject to inherent risks and challenges that could adversely affect our profitability, including: 

•

the need to develop new supplier and manufacturer relationships; 

•

the need to comply with additional U.S. and foreign laws and regulations to the extent applicable, including but not
limited to, restrictions on advertising practices, regulations governing online services, restrictions on importation of specified or proscribed items, importation quotas, consumer protection laws,
enforcement of intellectual property rights, laws dealing with consumer and data protection, privacy, encryption, and restrictions on pricing or discounts; 

•

unexpected changes in international regulatory requirements, taxes and tariffs; and 

•

geopolitical events such as war and terrorist attacks. 

        To
the extent we generate international sales and transactions in the future, any negative impact on our international operations could negatively impact our business. In particular,
gains and losses on the conversion of foreign payments into U. S. dollars may contribute to fluctuations in our results of operations and fluctuating exchange rates could cause reduced gross revenues
and/or gross profit percentages from non-dollar-denominated international sales. Additionally, penalties for non-compliance with laws applicable to international business and
trade, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, could negatively impact our business. 

 In order to obtain future revenue growth and achieve and sustain profitability, we will have to attract and retain customers on cost-effective terms. 

        Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers on cost-effective terms. We have relationships with
online services, search engines, affiliate marketing websites, directories and other website and e-commerce businesses to provide content, advertising banners and other links that direct
customers to our Website. We rely on these relationships as significant sources of traffic to our Website and to generate new customers. If we are unable to develop or maintain these relationships on
acceptable terms, our ability to attract new customers and our financial condition could be harmed. If the underlying technology's development evolves in a manner that is no longer beneficial to us
our financial condition could be harmed. In addition, certain of our online marketing agreements may require us to pay upfront fees and make
other payments prior to the realization of the sales, if any, associated with those payments. Accordingly, if these relationships or agreements that we may enter into in the future fail to produce the
sales that we anticipate, our results of operations will be adversely affected. We cannot give any assurance that we will be able to increase our revenues, if at all, in a cost-effective
manner. We periodically conduct national television and radio branding and advertising campaigns. Such campaigns are expensive and may not result in the cost-effective acquisition of
customers. 

        Further,
many of the parties with which we may have online-advertising arrangements could provide advertising services for other online or traditional retailers and merchandise
liquidators. As a result, these parties may be reluctant to enter into or maintain relationships with us. Failure to achieve sufficient traffic or generate sufficient revenue from purchases
originating from third parties may result in termination of these relationships by these third parties. Further, in the past we have terminated our 

17

Table of Contents

relationships
with third party Internet advertising affiliates in certain states as a result of efforts by those states to require us to collect sales taxes based on the presence of those third party
Internet advertising affiliates in those states, and we are likely do so again in the future if necessary. Without these relationships, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of
operations could suffer. 

 We rely upon paid and natural search engines like Google, Bing, and Yahoo to rank our product offerings and may at times be subject to changes in search algorithms and
ranking penalties if they believe we are not in compliance with their guidelines. 

        We rely on paid and natural search engines to attract consumer interest in our product offerings. Potential and existing customers use
search engines provided by search engine companies, including Google, Bing, and Yahoo, which use algorithms and other devices to provide users a natural ranked listing of relevant Internet sites
matching a user's search criteria and specifications. Generally, Internet sites ranked higher in the paid and natural search results lists furnished to users attract the largest visitor share among
similar Internet sites. Among retail internet sites, those sites achieving the highest natural search ranking often benefit from increased sales. Natural search engine algorithms utilize information
available throughout the Internet, including information available on our site. Rules and guidelines of these natural search engine companies govern our participation on their sites and how we share
relevant Internet information that may be considered or incorporated into the algorithms utilized by these sites. If we fail to present, or improperly present, our site information for use by natural
search engine companies, or if any of these natural search engine companies determine we have violated their rules or guidelines, or if others improperly present our site information to these search
engine companies, or if natural search engine companies make changes to their search algorithms, we may fail to achieve an optimum ranking in natural search engine listing results, or we may be
penalized in a way that could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

 We may not be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors. 

        The online liquidation services market is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. Barriers to entry are minimal, and current and
new competitors can launch new websites at a relatively low cost. We currently compete with numerous competitors, including: 

•

liquidation e-tailers such as SmartBargains; 

•

online retailers with discount departments such as Amazon.com, Inc., eBay, Inc. and Buy.com, Inc.; 

•

private sale sites such as Rue La La, Gilt Groupe; 

•

online specialty retailers such as Bluefly, Inc., Blue Nile, Inc. and Backcountry.com; and 

•

traditional retailers and liquidators such as Ross Stores, Inc., Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., TJX
Companies, Inc., Costco Wholesale Corporation, J.C. Penny Company, Inc., Sears Holding Corporation, Target Corporation, Best Buy Co., Inc., and Barnes and
Noble, Inc., all of which also have an online presence. 

        We
also compete with liquidation "brokers" and retailers and online marketplaces such as eBay, Inc. 

        We
expect the online liquidation services market to become even more competitive as traditional liquidators and online retailers continue to develop services that compete with our
services. In addition, manufacturers and retailers may decide to create their own websites to sell their own excess inventory and the excess inventory of third parties. Competitive pressures created
by any one of our competitors,
or by our competitors collectively, could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

18

Table of Contents

        Further,
as a strategic response to changes in the competitive environment, we may from time to time make certain pricing, service or marketing decisions or acquisitions that could harm
our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. For example, to the extent that we enter new lines of businesses such as third-party logistics, or discount brick and mortar
retail, we would be competing with large established businesses such as APL Logistics, and Ltd., Ross Stores, Inc., respectively. In the past we have entered the online auctions, car
listing and real estate listing businesses in which we compete with large established businesses including eBay, Inc., AutoTrader.com, Inc. and Realtor.com. 

        Many
of our current and potential competitors described above have longer operating histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition and significantly greater financial,
marketing and other resources than we do. In addition, online retailers and liquidation e-tailers may be acquired by, receive investments from or enter into other commercial relationships
with larger, well-established and well-financed companies. Some of our competitors may be able to secure merchandise from manufacturers on more favorable terms, devote greater
resources to marketing and promotional campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing or inventory availability policies and devote substantially more resources to website and systems development than we
do. Increased competition may result in reduced operating margins, loss of market share and a diminished brand franchise. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to compete successfully
against current or future competitors. 

 Our operating results depend on our Website, network infrastructure and transaction-processing systems. Capacity constraints or system failures would harm our business,
prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 

        Any system interruptions that result in the unavailability of our Website or reduced performance of our transaction systems would
reduce our transaction volume and the attractiveness of the services that we provide to suppliers and third parties and would harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of
operations. 

        We
use internally developed systems for our Website and certain aspects of transaction processing, including personalization databases used for internal analytics, recommendations and
order verifications. We have experienced periodic systems interruptions due to server failure and power
failure, which we believe will continue to occur from time to time. If the volume of traffic on our Website or the number of purchases made by customers increases substantially, we will need to
further expand and upgrade our technology, transaction processing systems and network infrastructure. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience temporary capacity constraints due to
sharply increased traffic during sales or other promotions and during the holiday shopping season. Capacity constraints can cause unanticipated system disruptions, slower response times, delayed page
presentation, degradation in levels of customer service, impaired quality and delays in reporting accurate financial information. 

        Our
transaction processing systems and network infrastructure may be unable to accommodate increases in traffic in the future. We may be unable to project accurately the rate or timing
of traffic increases or successfully upgrade our systems and infrastructure to accommodate future traffic levels on our Website. In addition, we may be unable to upgrade and expand our transaction
processing systems in an effective and timely manner or to integrate any newly developed or purchased functionality with our existing systems. For example, in the past we have experienced difficulties
with our implementation of infrastructure upgrades, which resulted in our inability to upload new products to our Website for a period of time. Any such difficulties with our transaction processing
systems or other difficulties upgrading, expanding or integrating various aspects of our systems may cause unanticipated system disruptions, slower response times, and degradation in levels of
customer service, additional expense, impaired quality and speed of order fulfillment or delays in reporting accurate financial information. 

19

Table of Contents

 If the facility where substantially all of our computer and communications hardware is located fails, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations
could be harmed. 

        If the facility where substantially all of our computer and communications hardware is located fails, or we suffer an interruption of
services through the facility for any reason, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 

        Our
success, and in particular, our ability to successfully receive and fulfill orders and provide high-quality customer service, largely depends on the efficient and
uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications systems. Substantially all of our computer and communications hardware is located at a single co-location facility in Salt Lake
City, Utah, with a partially redundant back-up system located less than six miles from the co-location facility. In the event of an earthquake or major local disaster, or any
other man-made or natural cause of interruption of service, both our primary and back-up sites could be adversely affected. Although we have designed our back-up
system in an effort to minimize service interruptions in the event of a failure of our main facility, our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss,
telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, acts of war, break-ins,
earthquake and similar events. In the event of a failure of our primary facility, the failover to our back-up facility would take at least several hours, during which time our Website
would be completely shut down. Our back-up facility is designed to support sales at a level slightly above our average daily sales, but is not adequate to support sales at a high level.
The back-up facility may not process effectively during time of higher traffic to our Website and may process transactions more slowly and may not support all of the functionality of our
primary site. These limitations could have an adverse effect on our conversion rate and sales. Our disaster recovery plan may be inadequate, and we do not carry business interruption insurance
sufficient to compensate us for losses that could occur. Despite the implementation of network security measures, our servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic
break-ins and similar disruptions, the occurrence of any of which could lead to interruptions, delays, loss of critical data or the inability to accept and fulfill customer orders. The
occurrence of any of the foregoing risks could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

 We may be unable to protect our proprietary technology or keep up with that of our competitors. 

        Our success depends to a significant degree upon the protection of our software and other proprietary intellectual property rights. We
may be unable to deter misappropriation of our proprietary information, detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce our intellectual property rights. In addition, our competitors
could, without violating our proprietary rights, develop technologies that are as good as or better than our technology. 

        Our
failure to protect our software and other proprietary intellectual property rights or to develop technologies that are as good as our competitors' could put us at a disadvantage to
our competitors. In addition, the failure of the third parties whose products we offer for sale on our Website to protect their intellectual property rights, including their domain names, could impair
our operations. These failures could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

 We may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. 

        Other parties have claimed and may claim that we infringe their intellectual property rights. We have been and are subject to, and
expect to continue to be subject to, legal claims of alleged infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties. The ready availability of damages, royalties and the potential for
injunctive relief has increased the defense litigation costs of patent infringement claims, especially those asserted by third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims. Such
claims, even if not meritorious, may result in significant expenditure of financial and managerial resources, and the payment of damages or settlement amounts. Additionally, 

20

Table of Contents

we
may become subject to injunctions prohibiting us from using software or business processes we currently use or may need to use in the future, or requiring us to obtain licenses from third parties
when such licenses may not be available on financially feasible terms or terms acceptable to us or at all. In addition, we may not be able to obtain on favorable terms, or at all, licenses or other
rights with respect to intellectual property we do not own in providing e-commerce services to other businesses and individuals under commercial agreements. 

 If we do not respond to rapid technological changes, our services could become obsolete and we could lose customers. 

        To remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the functionality and features of our e-commerce businesses.
We may face material delays in introducing new services, products and enhancements. If this happens, our customers may forego the use of our Website and use those of our competitors. The Internet and
the online commerce industry are rapidly changing. If competitors introduce new products and services using new technologies or if new industry standards and practices emerge, our existing Website and
our proprietary technology and systems may become obsolete. Our failure to respond to technological change or to adequately maintain, upgrade and develop our computer network and the systems used to
process customers' orders and payments could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

 We may not be able to obtain trademark protection for our marks, which could impede our efforts to build brand identity. 

        We have filed trademark applications with the Patent and Trademark Office seeking registration of certain service marks and trademarks.
There can be no assurance that our
applications will be successful or that we will be able to secure significant protection for our service marks or trademarks in the United States or elsewhere as we expand internationally. Our
competitors or others could adopt product or service marks similar to our marks, or try to prevent us from using our marks, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to
customer confusion. Any claim by another party against us or customer confusion related to our trademarks, or our failure to obtain trademark registration, could negatively affect our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

 We may not be able to enforce protection of our intellectual property rights under the laws of other countries. 

        We sell products internationally and consequently we are subject to risks of doing business internationally as related to our
intellectual property, including: 

•

legal uncertainty regarding liability for the listings and other content provided by our users, including uncertainty as a
result of less Internet-friendly legal systems, unique local laws, and lack of clear precedent or applicable law; and 

•

differing intellectual property laws, which may provide insufficient protection for our intellectual property. 

21

Table of Contents 

 Use of social media may adversely impact our reputation. 

        There has been a marked increase in use of social media platforms and similar devices, including weblogs (blogs), social media
websites, and other forms of Internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. Consumers value readily available information
concerning retailers, manufacturers, and their goods and services and often act on such information without further investigation, authentication and without regard to its accuracy. The availability
of information on social media platforms and devices is virtually immediate as is its impact. Social media platforms and devices immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants
post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. The opportunity for dissemination of information, including inaccurate information, is seemingly limitless and readily
available. Information concerning the Company may be posted on such platforms and devices at any time. Information posted may be adverse to our interests, it may be inaccurate, and may harm our
performance, prospects or business. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Such platforms also could be used for dissemination of trade secret
information, compromise of valuable company assets all of which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Our business and reputation may be harmed by the listing or sale of pirated, counterfeit or illegal items by third parties, and by intellectual property litigation. 

        We have received in the past, and we anticipate we will receive in the future, communications alleging that certain items listed or
sold through our Website infringe third-party copyrights, trademarks and trade names or other intellectual property rights or that we have otherwise infringed third parties' past, current or future
intellectual property rights. 

        We
may be unable to prevent third parties from listing unlawful goods, and we may be subject to allegations of civil or criminal liability for unlawful activities carried out by third
parties through our Website. In the future, we may implement measures to protect against these potential liabilities that could require us to spend substantial resources and/or to reduce revenues by
discontinuing certain service offerings. Any costs incurred as a result of liability or asserted liability relating to the sale of unlawful goods or the unlawful sale of goods could harm our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

        Resolving
litigation or claims regarding patents or other intellectual property, whether meritorious or not, could be costly, time-consuming, cause service delays, divert our
management and key personnel from our business operations, require expensive or unwanted changes in our methods of doing business or require us to enter into costly royalty or licensing agreements, if
available. As a result, these claims could harm our business. 

        Negative
publicity generated as a result of the foregoing could damage our reputation, harm our business and diminish the value of our brand name. 

 We are involved in substantial litigation. 

        From time to time we receive claims of and become subject to consumer protection, employment, intellectual property and other
commercial litigation related to the conduct and operation of our business and the sale of products on our Website. In connection with such litigation, we may be subject to significant damages or
equitable remedies. In addition, we have in the past been, are now, and in the future may be, involved in substantial litigation in which we are the plaintiff, including litigation regarding the
constitutionality of certain state tax laws, and the prime broker litigation described below. Any of such litigation, whether as plaintiff or defendant, could be costly and time consuming and could
divert management and key personnel from our regular business operations. We do not currently believe that any of our outstanding litigation will have a material adverse effect on our business, 

22

Table of Contents

prospects,
financial condition or results of operations. However, due to the uncertainty of litigation and depending on the amount and the timing, an unfavorable resolution of some or all of these
matters could materially affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Our prime broker litigation may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

        We remain involved in substantial litigation against Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co., Goldman Sachs
Execution & Clearing L.P.; Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc., Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corporation, and Bank of America Securities LLC, and the
use of management's time and attention in connection with the litigation and related matters may reduce the time management is able to spend on other aspects of our business, which may have adverse
effects on other aspects of our business. To the extent that any such adverse effects exceed any benefits we may realize from the litigation, it could harm our business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operation. 

 We may be liable if third parties misappropriate our customers' personal information. 

        If third parties are able to penetrate our network security or otherwise misappropriate our customers' personal information or credit
card information, or if we give third parties improper access to our customers' personal information or credit card information, we could be subject to liability. This liability could include claims
for unauthorized purchases with credit card information, impersonation or other similar fraud claims or damages for alleged violations of state or
federal laws governing security protocols for the safekeeping of customers' personal or credit card information. This liability could also include claims for other misuses of personal information,
including unauthorized marketing purposes. These claims could result in litigation. Liability for misappropriation of this information could adversely affect our business. In addition, the Federal
Trade Commission and state agencies have been investigating various Internet companies regarding their use of personal information. We could incur additional expenses if new regulations regarding the
use of personal information are introduced or if government agencies investigate our privacy practices. 

        We
rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties as well internally developed technology to provide the security and authentication necessary to effect
secure transmission of confidential information such as customer credit card numbers. We cannot provide assurance that advances in computer capabilities internet technology, new discoveries in the
field of cryptography or other events or developments will not result in a compromise or breach of the algorithms that we use to protect customer transaction data. If any such compromise of our
security were to occur, it could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. A party who is able to circumvent our security measures could misappropriate proprietary
information or cause interruptions in our operations. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against such security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by
such breaches. We cannot give any assurance that our security measures will prevent security breaches or that failure to prevent such security breaches will not harm our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. 

 We may be subject to product liability claims that could be costly and time consuming. 

        We sell products manufactured for us by third parties, some of which may be defective. If any product that we sell were to cause
physical injury or injury to property, the injured party or parties could bring claims against us as the manufacturer and/or retailer of the product. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to
cover every claim that could be asserted. If a successful claim were brought against us in excess of our insurance coverage, it could adversely affect our business. Even unsuccessful claims could
result in the expenditure of funds and management time and could have a negative impact on our business. 

23

Table of Contents

 We have significant indebtedness. 

        As a result of the sale of our 3.75% Convertible Senior Notes (the "Senior Notes") in November 2004, we incurred $120.0 million
of indebtedness, due December 1, 2011. As of December 31, 2010, a face amount of $34.6 million of the Senior Notes remained outstanding. The
degree to which we are indebted could materially and adversely affect our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, acquisitions or other purposes and could make us more vulnerable
to industry downturns and competitive pressures. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations is dependent upon our future performance, which will be subject to financial, business and other
factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. 

        On
February 7, 2011, we retired an additional $10.1 million of our outstanding Senior Notes, reducing the balance outstanding to a face amount of $24.5 million. This
principal obligation is a significant amount, and we will have to refinance any portion of the amount due December 1, 2011 that we are unable to repay with proceeds from operations. If we fail
to comply with our debt covenants, we will be in default. 

        Our
ability to generate cash flow from operations to make interest and principal payments on our debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by a range
of economic, competitive and business factors. We cannot control many of these factors, including general economic conditions and the health of the Internet retail industry. If our operations do not
generate sufficient cash flow from operations to satisfy our indebtedness, we may need to borrow additional funds to make these payments or undertake alternative financing plans, such as refinancing
our debt, or reducing or delaying capital investments and acquisitions. Additional funds or alternative financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our inability to generate
sufficient cash flow from operations or obtain additional funds or alternative financing on acceptable terms could have a material adverse affect on our business, prospects, financial condition and
results of operations. 

 Public statements we or our chief executive officer, Patrick M. Byrne, have made or may make in the future may antagonize regulatory officials or others. 

        We and our chief executive officer, Patrick M. Byrne, have from time to time made public statements regarding our or his beliefs about
matters of public interest, including statements regarding naked short selling. Some of those public statements have been critical of the Securities and Exchange Commission and other regulatory
agencies. These public statements may have consequences for us, whether as a result of increased regulatory scrutiny or otherwise. 

 We remain subject to an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

        As previously announced, we have received a notice from the Securities and Exchange Commission stating that the SEC is conducting an
investigation concerning our previously-announced financial restatements of 2006 and 2008 and other matters. The subpoena accompanying the notice covers documents related to the restatements and also
to our billings to our partners in the fourth quarter of 2008 and related collections, and our accounting for and
implementation of software relating to our accounting for customer refunds and credits, including offsets to partners, and related matters. We have been cooperating and intend to continue to cooperate
fully with the investigation. However, an unfavorable resolution of this matter could materially affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

 California District Attorneys have sued us for alleged violations of California law. 

        In April 2008, we received a letter from the Office of the District Attorney of Marin County, California, stating that the District
Attorneys of Marin and four other counties in Northern California had begun an investigation into the way we advertise products for sale. In November 2010, District 

24

Table of Contents

Attorneys
for the California Counties of Alameda, Marin, Monterey, Napa, Santa Clara, Shasta and Sonoma filed a lawsuit seeking damages and an injunction, alleging violations of California consumer
protection laws, alleging we made untrue or misleading statements concerning our pricing, price reductions, sources of products and shipping charges. The complaint asks for damages in the amount of
not less than $15 million. We dispute the allegations and intend to defend ourselves vigorously. However, an unfavorable resolution of this matter could materially affect our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Risks Relating to our Auctions Service 

 Our auctions service is a developing business. 

        Our auctions service began operation in September 2004. Our auctions service remains in development, and we cannot ensure that it will
succeed. Our auctions business exposes us to additional risks, including legal and regulatory risks, and requires us to compete with established businesses having substantially greater experience in
the online auctions business and substantially greater resources than we have. 

 Our auctions business may be subject to a variety of regulatory requirements. 

        Many states and other jurisdictions, including Utah, where we are located, have regulations governing the conduct of traditional
"auctions" and the liability of traditional "auctioneers" in conducting auctions. Although the vast majority of these regulations contemplated only traditional auctions, not online auctions, the
potential application of these types of regulations to online auction sites is not clear. We are aware that several states and some foreign jurisdictions have attempted to impose such regulations on
other companies operating online auction sites or on the users of those sites. In addition, certain states have laws or regulations that do expressly apply to online auction site services. Although we
do not expect these laws to have a significant effect on our auction service, we will incur costs in complying with these laws, and we may from time to time be required to make changes in our business
that may increase our costs, reduce our revenues, cause us to prohibit the listing of certain items in certain locations, or make other changes that may adversely affect our auctions business. 

 Current and future laws could affect our auctions business. 

        Like our shopping site business, our auction site service is subject to many of the same laws and regulations that apply to other
companies conducting business on and off the Internet. In addition, our auction site service may be affected by other laws and regulations, such as those that expressly apply to online auction site
services. Further, because of the wide range of items that users of our auctions service may choose to list on the site, a variety of additional laws and regulations may apply to transactions between
users of our site, such as those requiring a license to sell or purchase certain items or mandating particular disclosures in connection with an offer or sale of an item. Periodically, states have
targeted online auction business as sites used for disposal of stolen, or past-date merchandise, like expired baby formula, and have cited these concerns in proposing legislation to
broadly prohibit the sale of many types of items through Internet auction and imposing onerous recordkeeping requirements, without similar application of these laws to traditional retail
establishments, online or printed classified advertising publications, or other types of sales list services. To the extent that such current or future laws or regulations prevent or inhibit users
from selling items on our auction site, or to the extent these laws discriminate against Internet auctions or apply in a discriminatory fashion, they could harm our business. 

25

Table of Contents

 Our business may be harmed if our auctions business is used for unlawful transactions. 

        The law regarding the potential liability of an online auction service for the activities of its users is not clear. We prohibit the
listing of numerous categories of items in an effort to reduce the possibility that users of our auction site will engage in an unlawful transaction. However, we cannot assure that users of the site
will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to them and their transactions, and we may be subject to allegations of civil or criminal liability for any unlawful activities conducted by them.
Any costs we incur as a result of any such allegations, as a result of actual or alleged unlawful transactions using our site, or in our efforts to prevent any such transactions, may harm our
business. In addition, any negative publicity we receive regarding any such transactions or allegations may damage our reputation, our ability to attract new customers to our main shopping site, and
the Overstock.com brand name generally. 

 Fraudulent activities using our auctions business and disputes between users of our auctions business may harm our business. 

        We have periodically received complaints from users alleging that they have not received the purchase price or the goods they expected
to receive and that, in some cases, users have been arrested and convicted for engaging in fraudulent activities using those companies' auction sites. We do not have the ability to require users of
our services to fulfill their obligations to make payments or to deliver items. We periodically receive complaints from buyers about the quality or authenticity of the items they purchase, requests
for reimbursement of amounts paid, and communications threatening or commencing legal actions against us or our users which may negatively impact our business. 

 We are subject to risks associated with information transmitted through our auctions service. 

        The law relating to the liability of online services companies for information carried on or disseminated through their services is
currently unsettled. Claims could be made against online services companies under both U.S. and foreign law for defamation, libel, invasion of privacy, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement,
or other theories based on the nature and content of the materials disseminated through their services. We are aware that private lawsuits seeking to impose liability under a number of these theories
have been brought against other companies operating auction sites. In addition, domestic and foreign legislation has been proposed that would prohibit or impose liability for the transmission over the
Internet of certain types of information. Our auctions service permits users to make comments regarding other users. Although all such comments are generated by users and not by us, we are aware that
claims of defamation or other injury have been made against other companies operating auction services in the past and could be made in the future against us for comments made by users. Recent court
decisions have narrowed the scope of the
immunity provided to Internet service providers like us under the Communications Decency Act. This trend, if continued, may increase our potential liability to third parties for the
user-provided content on our site. 

 Difficulties or negative publicity associated with our auctions business could affect our main shopping site business. 

        Any significant operational or other difficulties we encounter with our auctions business could damage our reputation, our ability to
attract new customers to our main shopping site, and the Overstock.com brand name generally. Negative publicity resulting from actual or alleged fraudulent or deceptive conduct by users of our
auctions business could also damage our reputation, our ability to attract new customers to our main shopping site, and the Overstock.com brand name generally. 

26

Table of Contents

 Risks Relating to our Cars Site and Real Estate Services 

 Our cars site and real estate services are relatively new businesses that may not succeed. 

        Our car listing site and real estate listing services began operation in December 2006 and August 2008, respectively. The listing sites
are listing services for automobile and real estate sellers. The online car listing service and real estate listing service are relatively new businesses for us. We cannot ensure that our expansion
into these businesses will succeed. Our entry into these businesses will require us to devote substantial financial, technical, managerial and other resources to this car listing and real estate
listing sites. It also exposes us to additional risks, including legal and regulatory risks, and it requires us to compete with established businesses having substantially greater experience in the
online car listing and real estate listing service businesses and substantially greater resources than we have. 

 Our car listing and real estate listing services may be subject to a variety of regulatory requirements. 

        Many states and other jurisdictions, including Utah, where we are located, have regulations governing the conduct of car sellers and
real estate agents and public advertisement for car and real estate sales. Generally, these regulations govern the conduct of those sellers advertising their automobiles for sale and real estate
listing for sale and are not directly applicable to those providing the medium through which the advertisement is made available to the public. Sellers are often subject to regulations in the nature
of "truth in advertising laws." The application of these regulations to online car listing service and real estate listing providers is not clear. Although we do not expect these laws to have a
significant effect on our listing services, we will incur costs in complying with these laws, and we may from time to time be required to make changes in our services that may increase our costs,
reduce our revenues, cause us to prohibit certain listing or advertising practices, or make other changes that may adversely affect our car and real estate listing services. 

 Current and future laws could affect our car and real estate listing businesses. 

        Like our shopping business, our car and real estate listing services are subject to most of the same laws and regulations that apply to
other companies conducting business on and off the Internet. In addition, our car and real estate listing services may be affected by other laws and regulations, such as those that expressly apply to
advertising automobiles and real estate for sale. To the extent that such current or future laws or regulations prevent users from selling items on our car and real estate listing sites, they could
harm our business. 

 Our business may be harmed if our car and real estate listing sites are used for unlawful transactions. 

        The law regarding the potential liability of an online listing service for automobile sales and real estate is not clear. The platforms
of the listing services are accessible to subscribers who have the ability to feature their cars and real estate listings for sale and supply the descriptions of the vehicles and properties, including
the general condition of the vehicle or property and other important information. We have no ability to know whether the information sellers provide is correct. While our site terms and conditions of
usage prohibit unlawful acts, we cannot rule out the possibility that users of our car and real estate listing sites will engage in unlawful transactions, or fail to comply with all laws and
regulations applicable to them and their transactions. We may be subject to allegations of civil or criminal liability for any unlawful activities conducted by such users. Any costs we incur as a
result of any such allegations, as a result of actual or alleged unlawful transactions using our site, or in our efforts to prevent any such transactions, may harm our business. In addition, any
negative publicity we receive regarding any such transactions or allegations may damage our reputation, our ability to attract new customers to our main shopping site, and the Overstock.com brand name
generally. 

27

Table of Contents

 Fraudulent activities using our car and real estate listing sites and disputes between users of our car and real estate listing sites may harm our business. 

        We are aware that other companies operating online car and real estate listing services have periodically received complaints from
users alleging improprieties in connection with listings and occasionally these complaints may result in regulatory action. With any online listing service there is the possibility that sellers may
attempt to employ "bait and switch" techniques, attracting consumers with advertisements of low cost, good condition vehicles in hopes of switching buyer interest to another less favorable vehicle or
different property once a potential purchaser responds. Additionally, sellers may attempt to sell vehicles and real estate without accurate descriptions of the condition of the vehicles or real
estate. We have occasionally received complaints of this nature regarding both our car and real estate listing services. In response to serious or repeat complaints concerning a car or real estate
dealer, we may take action to prohibit such persons from listing inventory, but we do not have the ability to require users of our services to fulfill their obligations to make accurate disclosures or
comply with consumer laws prohibiting "bait and switch" or other prohibited seller tactics. We are aware that other companies providing similar services periodically are threatened or by or subject to
legal actions against the listing service for damages because of user conduct. We may encounter similar legal actions in connection with our cars and real estate listing services, which may harm our
business or reputation among consumers. 

 Risks Relating to the Internet Industry 

 Our success is tied to the continued use of the Internet and the adequacy of the Internet infrastructure. 

        Our future revenues and profits, if any, substantially depend upon the continued widespread use of the Internet as an effective medium
of business and communication. Factors which could reduce the widespread use of the Internet include: 

•

actual or perceived lack of security of information or privacy protection; 

•

possible disruptions, computer viruses or other damage to the Internet servers or to users' computers; 

•

significant increases in the costs of transportation of goods; and 

•

governmental regulation. 

 Customers may be unwilling to use the Internet to purchase goods. 

        Our long-term future depends heavily upon the general public's willingness to use the Internet as a means to purchase
goods. Though e-commerce is widely accepted as a means of purchasing consumer goods and services, we cannot give any assurance that it will continue to be widely accepted. The demand for
and
acceptance of products sold over the Internet are still uncertain and most e-commerce businesses have a short track record. If consumers are unwilling to use the Internet to conduct
business, it would materially adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

28

Table of Contents 

 The security risks or perception of risks of e-commerce may discourage customers from purchasing goods from us. 

        In order for the e-commerce market to continue to develop successfully, we and other market participants must be able to
transmit confidential information securely over public networks. Third parties may have the technology or know-how to breach the security of customer transaction data. Any breach of our
e-commerce security systems could cause customers to lose confidence in the security of our Website and choose not to purchase from our Website. Likewise, if there is a breach of
e-commerce security systems operated by another large e-commerce retailer, whether or not the breach affected the systems we operate such a breach could cause could also cause
our customers to lose confidence in the security of our site as well. If someone is able to circumvent our security measures, he or she could destroy or steal valuable information or disrupt our
operations. Concerns about the security and privacy of transactions over the Internet could inhibit the use of the Internet and e-commerce. Our security measures may not effectively
prohibit others from obtaining improper access to our information. Third parties may target our customers directly with fraudulent identity theft schemes designed to appear as legitimate
communications from us. Any security breach or fraud perpetrated on our customers could expose us to increased costs and to risks of loss, litigation and liability and could seriously disrupt our
operations. Similar activities targeting other large e-commerce sites, if successful, could similarly cause serious disruption to our operations and business. 

 Credit card fraud could adversely affect our business. 

        We routinely receive orders placed with fraudulent credit card data. We do not carry insurance against the risk of credit card fraud,
so the failure to adequately control fraudulent credit card transactions could reduce our net revenues and our gross profit percentage. We have implemented technology to help us detect and reject the
fraudulent use of credit card information. However, we may in the future suffer losses as a result of orders placed with fraudulent credit card data even though the associated financial institution
approved payment of the orders. Under current credit card practices, we may be liable for fraudulent credit card transactions because we do not obtain a cardholder's signature. If we are unable to
detect or control credit card fraud, our liability for these transactions could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operation. Further, to the extent that our efforts to
prevent fraudulent orders result in our inadvertent refusal to fill legitimate orders, we would lose the benefit of legitimate potential sales and risk the alienation of legitimate customers. 

 If one or more states successfully assert that we should collect sales or other taxes on the sale of our merchandise or the merchandise of third parties that we offer for
sale on our Website, or that we should pay commercial activity taxes, our business could be harmed. 

        We do not currently collect sales or other similar taxes for physical shipments of goods into states where we do not have a physical
presence or "nexus". One or more local, state or foreign jurisdictions may seek to impose sales tax collection obligations on us because we are engaged in online commerce, even though we have no
physical presence in those jurisdictions. The future location of our fulfillment centers and customer service center networks, or any other operation of the company, establishing a physical presence
in states where we are not now present, may result in additional sales and other tax obligations. We challenged the constitutionality of a New York state law which requires Internet retailers to
collect and remit New York sales taxes on their New York sales who have no physical presence or "tax nexus" in New York, if the retailer uses the services of New York based Internet advertisers. The
trial court dismissed our challenge, and on appeal, the appellate court has partially affirmed the trial court. We continue to appeal those decisions. As a result of the enactment of the New York law,
we terminated our relationship with New York based advertising affiliates. Other states have passed similar Internet affiliate advertising statutes, and in those states we have terminated our use of
locally based Internet advertisers. Moreover, there are other states that currently have similar tax 

29

Table of Contents

proposals
under consideration. If such laws survive constitutional challenge, we may have to elect to discontinue in those states valuable marketing through the use of affiliates based in those
states, or begin in those states the collection of the taxes. In either event, our business could be harmed and our business could be adversely affected if one or more states or any foreign country
successfully asserts that we should collect sales or other taxes on the sale of our merchandise in compliance with these or any other state law. At least one state, Ohio, asserts that we should pay a
commercial activity tax
because we sell merchandise in Ohio, even though we have no physical presence there. We challenged in Ohio state court the constitutionality of the commercial activity tax; however, the court declined
the case for the reason that it was not a ripe controversy. The State of Ohio has since assessed us $612,784 in taxes, interest, and penalties as of June 30, 2009, which assessment we are now
contesting through administrative procedures. The Ohio Department of Taxation issued additional estimated assessments of estimated tax, interest and penalties totaling $24,545 for the period
July 1, 2009 through December 31, 2009 in September, 2010.We believe the assessment to be wrong and are contesting the assessment. If Ohio is successful and its assessment withstands
constitutional challenge in both administratively and in court appeals, the enforcement of the assessment could harm our business. If other states similarly enact and are successful in enforcing
similar commercial activity tax laws, these also could harm our business. 

        The
States of Colorado and Oklahoma have enacted laws requiring remote vendors to notify resident purchasers in those states of their obligation to pay a use tax on their purchases. In
Colorado, the law requires vendors to notify Colorado purchasers annually by U.S. mail of all their annual purchases, and provide to the State of Colorado the same information in the first quarter of
the year for previous year's purchases. On January 26, 2011, a federal court in Colorado, citing constitutional concerns and noting that a party challenging the constitutionality of the
Colorado law would have a likelihood of success at trial, granted a preliminary injunction preventing the Colorado Department of Revenue from enforcing the provisions of the Colorado law.
Notwithstanding, other states may enact legislation similar to these laws. Such laws could harm our business by imposing unreasonable notice burdens upon us, or by such detailed notices, or the threat
of invasion of privacy, discourage customers from making purchases over the Internet. 

 Economic pressure on states could harm our business. 

        The current economic climate has resulted in a sharp decline in state revenues, and states have projected large state budget shortfalls
in the years ahead. These shortfalls require state legislatures and agencies to examine the means to increase state revenues. States may increase sales and use tax rates, create new tax laws covering
previously untaxed activities, or increase existing licenses or create new fees all of which may directly or indirectly harm our business. Similarly, administrative agencies and executive agencies may
apply more rigorous enforcement efforts, take inflexible, unreasonable or unprecedented positions respecting these laws they administer, especially if the laws they administer carry monetary penalties
and fines which either the state or the administrative agency may use to balance their budgets. To the extent that states pass additional revenue measures, or significantly increase their enforcement
efforts of existing laws, these activities could directly or indirectly harm our business. 

 Laws or regulations relating to privacy and data protection may adversely affect the growth of our Internet business or our marketing efforts. 

        We are subject to increasing regulation at the federal, state and international levels relating to privacy, security, retention,
transfer and use of personal user information. For example, we are subject to various telemarketing laws that regulate the manner in which we may solicit future suppliers and customers. Such statutes
and regulations, along with increased governmental or private enforcement, may increase the cost of our business. In addition, many jurisdictions have laws that limit the uses of 

30

Table of Contents

personal
user information gathered online or offline or require companies to establish privacy policies. For example, Federal Trade Commission regulations restrict the collection and use of personal
identifying information obtained from children under 13. Laws affecting privacy, security, retention, transfer and use of personal user information have been passed by several jurisdictions, both
domestic and foreign, including laws that require us to establish procedures to notify users of privacy and security policies, obtain consent from users for collection and use of personal information,
and/or provide users with the ability to access, correct and delete personal information stored by us. Compliance with new and existing privacy and security laws is difficult and costly, as
interpretation and application of these laws evolves over time. Additional restrictions and requirements regarding data security and privacy are under nearly continuous consideration by foreign
countries, Congress and various states. These data protection statutes, regulations and interpretations may further restrict our ability to collect demographic and personal information from users,
which could be costly or harm our marketing efforts, and could require us to implement new and potentially costly processes, procedures and/or protective measures. 

 Risks Relating to the Securities Markets and Ownership of Our Securities 

 The price of our securities may be volatile and you may lose all or a part of your investment. 

        The market price of our common stock historically has been subject to significant fluctuations. These fluctuations could continue. It
is possible that in future periods our results of operations may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. If this
occurs, the market price of our securities may decline. Some of the factors that could affect the market price of our securities are as follows: 

•

changes in securities analysts' recommendations or estimates of our financial performance or publication of research
reports by analysts; 

•

changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

•

announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, commercial relationships, joint ventures or
capital commitments; 

•

general market conditions; 

•

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

•

intellectual property or litigation developments; 

•

changes in our management team; 

•

economic factors unrelated to our performance; and 

•

our issuance of additional shares of stock or other securities. 

        In
addition, the securities markets have experienced significant price and trading volume fluctuations. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our
securities. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a public company's securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against that company. Such
litigation could result in substantial cost and a diversion of management's attention and resources. 

 Sales by our significant stockholders could have an adverse effect on the market price of our stock. 

        Several of our stockholders own significant portions of our common stock. If one or more of stockholders were to sell all or a portion
of their holdings of our common stock, the market price of our common stock could be negatively impacted. The effect of such sales, or of significant portions of our stock being offered or made
available for sale, could result in strong downward pressure on our 

31

Table of Contents

stock
price. Investors should be aware that they could experience significant short-term volatility in our stock if such stockholders decide to sell all or a portion of their holdings of
our common stock at once or within a short period of time. In addition, the transfer of ownership of 50% or more of our outstanding shares within a three year period could adversely affect our ability
to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable net income. 

 Our quarterly operating results are volatile and may adversely affect the market price of our securities. 

        Our future revenues and operating results are likely to vary significantly from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, many of
which are outside our control, and any of which could harm our business. As a result, we believe that quarterly comparisons of our operating results are not necessarily meaningful and that you should
not rely on the results of one quarter as an indication of our future performance. In addition to the other risk factors described in this report, additional factors that have caused and/or could
cause our quarterly operating results to fluctuate and in turn affect the market price of our securities include: 

•

increases in the cost of advertising; 

•

our inability to retain existing customers or encourage repeat purchases; 

•

the extent to which our existing and future marketing agreements are successful; 

•

price competition that results in lower profit margins or losses; 

•

the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures relating to the expansion of our business operations and
infrastructure; 

•

the amount and timing of our purchases of inventory; 

•

our inability to manage distribution operations or provide adequate levels of customer service; 

•

increases in the cost of fuel and transportation; 

•

our ability to successfully integrate operations and technologies from acquisitions or other business combinations; 

•

offering new lines of products; and 

•

our ability to attract users to our auctions, car listing and real estate sites. 

 Our operating results may fluctuate depending on the season, and such fluctuations may affect the market price of our securities. 

        We have experienced and expect to continue to experience fluctuations in our operating results because of seasonal fluctuations in
traditional retail patterns. Sales in the retail and wholesale industry tend to be significantly higher in the fourth calendar quarter of each year than in the preceding three quarters due primarily
to increased shopping activity during the holiday season. However, there can be no assurance that our sales in the fourth quarter will exceed those of the preceding quarters or, if the fourth quarter
sales do exceed those of the preceding quarters, that we will be able to manage the increased sales effectively. Further, we generally increase our inventories substantially in anticipation of holiday
season shopping activity, which has a negative effect on our cash flow. Securities analysts and investors may inaccurately estimate the effects of seasonality on our results of operations in one or
more future quarters and, consequently, our operating results may fall below expectations, causing the market price of our securities to decline. We generally have payment terms with our fulfillment
partners that extend beyond the amount of time necessary to collect proceeds from our customers. As a result of holiday sales, at December 31 of each year, our cash, cash equivalents, and
marketable 

32

Table of Contents

securities
balances typically reach their highest level (other than as a result of cash flows provided by or used in investing and financing activities). This operating cycle results in a
corresponding increase in accounts payable at December 31. Our accounts payable balance generally declines during the first three months of the year, resulting in a corresponding decline in our
cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances. 

 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock and you may lose the entire amount of your investment in our common stock. 

        We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock for the
foreseeable future. We intend to invest our future earnings, if any, to fund our growth. Therefore, you will not receive any funds without
selling your shares. We cannot assure that you will receive a positive return on your investment when you sell your shares or that you will not lose the entire amount of your investment. 

 Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and Restated Bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law contains anti-takeover provisions
which could discourage or prevent a takeover, even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders. 

        Several provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws could discourage potential
acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control of our company even if that change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. For example, only one-third of
our board of directors is elected at each of our annual meetings of stockholders, which will make it more difficult for a potential acquirer to change the management of our company, even after
acquiring a majority of the shares of our common stock. These provisions, which cannot be amended without the approval of two-thirds of our stockholders, could diminish the opportunities
for a stockholder to participate in tender offers, including tender offers at a price above the then current market value of our common stock. In addition, our board of directors, without further
stockholder approval, may issue preferred stock, with such terms as the board of directors may determine, that could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company. The
issuance of preferred stock could also adversely affect the voting powers of the holders of common stock, including the loss of voting control to others. We are also afforded the protections of
Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which could delay or prevent a change in control of our company or could impede a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business
combination involving our company or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

 The price of our stock may be vulnerable to manipulation. 

        We filed an unfair business practice lawsuit against Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Goldman
Sachs & Co., Bear Stearns Companies, Inc., Bank of America Securities LLC, Bank of New York, Citigroup Inc., Credit Suisse (USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank
Securities, Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc., and UBS Financial Services, Inc., and have settled the case with respect to all defendants except Goldman
Sachs Group, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co., Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing L.P.; Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc., Merrill Lynch
Professional Clearing Corporation, and Bank of America Securities LLC. 

        We
believe these remaining defendants engaged in unlawful actions and have caused substantial harm to Overstock, and that certain of the defendants have made efforts to drive the market
price of Overstock's common stock down. To the extent that the defendants or other persons engage in any such actions or take any other actions to interfere with or destroy or harm Overstock's
existing and/or prospective business relationships with its suppliers, bankers, customers, lenders, investors, prospective investors or others, our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operation could be 

33

Table of Contents

harmed,
and the price of our common stock may be more volatile than it might otherwise be and/or may trade at prices below those that might prevail in the absence of any such efforts. The practice of
"abusive naked short selling" continues to place our stock at risk for manipulative attacks by large investment pools and prime brokers. 

        Abusive
naked short selling is the practice by which short sellers place large short sell orders for shares without first borrowing the shares to be sold, or without having first
adequately located such shares and arranged for a firm contract to borrow such shares prior to the delivery date set to close the sale. While selling broker dealers are by rule required to deliver
shares to close a transaction by a certain date, and while purchasing broker-dealers are obligated by rule to purchase the sold quantity of shares when they are not delivered to close the sale, these
rules are often ignored. Abusive naked short selling has a depressive effect on share prices when it is allowed to persist because the economic effect of abusive naked short selling is the oversupply
of counterfeit stock to the market. We believe the regulations designed to address this abusive practice are both inadequately structured and inadequately enforced. Consequently, we believe that
without the enactment of adequate regulations and the enforcement necessary to curb these abuses, the manipulations achieved through abusive naked short selling are likely to continue. We believe that
our stock has been subject to these abusive practices by those attempting to manipulate its price downward. To the extent that our stock is subject to these practices in the future, our stock may be
more volatile than it might otherwise be and/or may trade at prices below those that might prevail in the absence of such abuses. 

 In the past, our stock has consistently been on the Regulation SHO threshold list. 

        Regulation SHO requires the stock exchanges to publish daily a list of companies whose stock has
failures-to-deliver above a certain threshold. It also requires mandatory close-outs for open fail-to-deliver positions in threshold
securities persisting for over 13 days, with the aim that no security would appear on the threshold for any extended period. Despite that aim, our common stock has frequently appeared on the
Regulation SHO threshold list for extended and continuous periods and, while we do not currently appear on the Regulation SHO threshold list, in the past our stock has been on the list for more
trading days than any other company. 

        Any
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Investors should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described above, and all other information in this
Form 10-K and in any reports we file with the SEC after we file this Form 10-K, before deciding whether to purchase or hold our securities. Additional risks and
uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also become important factors that may harm our business. The occurrence of any of the risks described in this
Form 10-K could harm our business. The trading price of our securities could decline due to any of these risks and uncertainties, and investors may lose part or all of their
investment. 

34

Table of Contents