The risks set forth below, in addition to the other risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition to the risks set forth below and the other risks described in this annual report, there may also be additional risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. As a result, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Further, to the extent that any of the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitutes forward-looking statements, the risk factors set forth below also are cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us.

Overall Business Risks

The Company’s Business May Be Adversely Affected by Conditions in the Financial Markets and Economic Conditions Generally and Locally.

National and local markets generally exhibit low growth conditions and stubbornly high unemployment.  Federal monetary policy continues to be unusually stimulative, which has distorted financial markets and contributed to ongoing low interest rates and record stock market prices.  Federal policy gridlock, uncertainties about presidential initiatives, and state and local fiscal challenges contribute to business planning uncertainties.  Private sector liquidity has grown and investment has been modest, while public sector leverage has increased due to long term imbalances in taxing and spending.  Regulation of the financial system continues to evolve and add to uncertainty and operating burdens.  Real estate markets have improved from recessionary lows.  A deterioration of business and economic conditions, particularly in our local markets, could adversely affect the credit quality of the Company’s loans, results of operations and financial condition.

Lending

Continued and Prolonged Deterioration in the Housing Sector, Commercial Real Estate, and Related Markets May Adversely Affect Our Business and Financial Results.

Commercial and residential real estate markets have been impacted by the broader economic conditions previously discussed.  Real estate lending is a major business activity for the Company.  Real estate market conditions affect the value and marketability of this real estate collateral, and they also affect the cash flows, liquidity, and net worth of many borrowers whose operations and finances depend on real estate market conditions.  Adverse conditions in our market areas could reduce our growth rate, affect the ability of our customers to repay their loans and generally affect our financial condition and results of operations.

33

Table of Contents

Our Emphasis on Commercial Lending May Expose Us to Increased Lending Risks, Which Could Hurt Our Profits.

We plan to continue to emphasize the origination of commercial loans, which generally exposes us to a greater risk of nonpayment and loss because repayment of such loans often depends on the successful operations and income stream of the borrowers. Commercial loans are historically more sensitive to economic downturns.  Such sensitivity includes potentially higher default rates and possible reduction of collateral values. Commercial lending involves larger loan sizes and larger relationship exposures, which can have a greater impact on profits in the event of adverse loan performance.  The majority of the Company’s commercial loans is secured by real estate and subject to the previously discussed real estate risk factors.  Commercial lending sometimes involves construction or other development financing, which is dependent on the future success of new operations.  The Company’s commercial lending activities have extended across wider parts of its New England and New York markets into areas where the Company has less business experience.  The Company’s commercial lending includes asset based lending, which depends on the Company’s processes for monitoring and being able to liquidate collateral on which these loans rely.  Commercial loans may increase as a percentage of total loans, and commercial lending may continue to expose the company to increased risks.

Our Allowance for Loan Losses May Prove to be Insufficient to Absorb Losses in Our Loan Portfolio.

Like all financial institutions, we maintain an allowance for loan losses which is our estimate of the probable losses that are inherent in the loan portfolio as of the financial statement date.  However, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover actual loan losses, and future provisions for loan losses could materially and adversely affect our operating results.  The accounting measurements related to impairment and the loan loss allowance require significant estimates which are subject to uncertainty and changes relating to new information and changing circumstances.  Additionally, the allowance can only reflect those losses which are reasonably estimable, and there are constraints in our ability to estimate losses in this period of unusual economic and financial stress.  This is particularly relevant for our estimates of losses for pools of loans.  Accordingly, at any time, there may be probable losses inherent in the portfolio but which we are not reasonably able to estimate until additional information emerges which can form the basis for a reasonable estimate.

State and federal regulators, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses by recognizing additional provisions for loan losses charged to expense, or to decrease our allowance for loan losses by recognizing loan charge-offs, net of recoveries. Any such additional provisions for loan losses or charge-offs, as required by these regulatory agencies, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Our Estimates Related to Accounting for Acquired Loans May Differ From Actual Results.

Under generally accepted principles for business combinations, there is no loan loss allowance recorded for acquired loans, which are recorded at net fair value on the acquisition date.  This net fair value generally includes embedded loss estimates for acquired loans with deteriorated credit quality.  These estimates are based on projections of expected cash flows for these problem loans, which in many cases rely on estimates deriving from the liquidation of collateral.  If the projections are inadequate, the fair value estimates may exceed the actual collectability of the balances, and this may result in the related loans being considered impaired, which would result in a reduction in interest income.  If fair value estimates differ from actual collectability, then tangible book value of the Company will have been recorded incorrectly at the time of the acquisition, and subsequent earnings will differ from original estimates.  Measures of tangible book value and earnings impacts of business combinations are frequently used in evaluating the merits and value of business combinations.  In 2013, the Company recorded significant income resulting from collections of acquired impaired loans which exceeded the fair value estimates originally established.  Additionally, accounting for acquired loans involves ongoing assessments of the timing and amount of expected loan collections.  Numerous

34

Table of Contents

assumptions and estimates are integral to purchased loan accounting, and actual results could be different from prior estimates.

New regulations could restrict our ability to originate and sell mortgage loans.

The CFPB has issued a rule designed to clarify for lenders how they can avoid monetary damages under the Dodd-Frank Act, which would hold lenders accountable for ensuring a borrower’s ability to repay a mortgage. Loans that meet this “qualified mortgage” definition will be presumed to have complied with the new ability-to-repay standard. Under the CFPB’s rule, a “qualified mortgage” loan must not contain certain specified features, including:

·

excessive upfront points and fees (those exceeding 3% of the total loan amount, less “bona fide discount points” for prime loans);

·

interest-only payments;

·

negative-amortization; and

·

terms longer than 30 years.

Also, to qualify as a “qualified mortgage,” a borrower’s total debt-to-income ratio may not exceed 43%. Lenders must also verify and document the income and financial resources relied upon to qualify the borrower for the loan and underwrite the loan based on a fully amortizing payment schedule and maximum interest rate during the first five years, taking into account all applicable taxes, insurance and assessments. The CFPB’s rule on qualified mortgages could limit our ability or desire to make certain types of loans or loans to certain borrowers, or could make it more expensive/and or time consuming to make these loans, which could limit our growth or profitability.

Operating

Our Expansion, Growth, and Acquisitions Could Negatively Impact Earnings If Not Successful.

We plan to achieve significant growth organically, by geographic expansion, through business line expansion, and through acquisitions. We have recently expanded into new geographic markets and anticipate that we will continue to expand into additional geographic markets as we grow as a regional bank.  The success of this expansion depends on our ability to continue to maintain and develop an infrastructure appropriate to support and integrate such growth. Also, our success depends on the acceptance by customers of us and our services in these new markets and, in the case of expansion through acquisitions, our success depends on many factors, including the long-term recruitment and retention of key personnel and acquired customer relationships. The profitability of our expansion strategy also depends on whether the income we generate in the new markets will offset the increased expenses of operating a larger entity with increased personnel, more branch locations and additional product offerings.  In 2013, revenues decreased in the second half of the year due to changes related to loans and operations acquired in the prior two years.

We continue to identify and evaluate opportunities to expand through acquisition of banks, insurance agencies, and wealth management firms.  Some of these opportunities could result in further geographic expansion.  Merger and acquisition activities are subject to a number of risks, including lending, operating, and integration risks.  Growth through acquisition requires careful due diligence, evaluation of risks, and projections of future operations and financial conditions.  Actual results may differ from our expectations and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  Growth through acquisition also often involves the negotiation and execution of extensive merger agreements. Such agreements may give rise to litigation, constrain us in certain ways, or expose us to other risks beyond our normal operating risks.

The Company negotiated the purchase of 20 branches in Central New York in 2013, and completed this acquisition shortly after year-end 2013.  The amount of deposits acquired was significantly below the amount at the time of the purchase agreement.  If there is continued attrition of deposit balances or difficulties in integrating the acquired operations, the expected benefits of this acquisition may not be realized.

The Company’s recruitment of new executive and commercial lending management has in several cases brought in new management who previously worked at larger institutions.  These individuals have often served larger customers than the Company has historically serviced, and they have had the benefit of larger capital and administrative resources than are present in the Company’s current structure. The success of this recruitment may depend on the successful integration of these individuals into the Company and may expose the Company to lending and operating losses related to large new customers in newer markets.  The Company’s commercial banking strategy has particularly focused on taking market share from larger national institutions and in many cases these new accounts are larger than the Company’s historic accounts.  Additionally, the Company’s ability to service these accounts may in some cases involve arranging loan participations and syndications.  These activities can expose the Company to additional lending, administrative, and liquidity risks.  The Company also actively recruits in other business lines, including private banking and wealth management.  This activity can give the Company additional access to large customers in its markets in order to expand our business.  Such recruitment can affect the retention of new and old business, and can also be affected by competitive reactions and other relationship risks in retaining accounts.

35

Table of Contents

Operations acquired in business combinations have frequently been subject to bank regulations prior to the merger date.  Related regulatory examinations may result in the identification of certain operating matters requiring remediation, undisclosed deficiencies related to regulatory compliance, deficiencies that arise as a result of integration of acquired operations and operating activities conducted by those operations subsequent to the merger date, or impacts on existing business operations which are being integrated with the acquired operations.  Any identified deficiencies related to regulatory compliance may result in changes that affect operating revenues and costs, including the scope or scale of business activities and/or potential future expansion initiatives.

Competition From Financial Institutions and Other Financial Service Providers May Adversely Affect Our Growth and Profitability.

Competition in the banking and financial services industry is intense.  We compete with commercial banks, savings institutions, mortgage brokerage firms, credit unions, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, and brokerage and investment banking firms operating locally and elsewhere. Larger banking institutions have substantially greater resources and lending limits and may offer certain services that we do not.  Local competitors with excess capital may accept lower returns on new business.  There is increased competition by out-of-market competitors through the internet.  Federal regulations and financial support programs may in some cases favor competitors or place us at an economic disadvantage.  Our profitability depends on our continued ability to successfully compete and grow profitably in our market areas.

We are Subject to Security and Operational Risks Relating to Our Use of Technology that Could Damage Our Reputation and Our Business.

Security breaches of confidential information in our internet banking activities could expose us to possible liability and damage our reputation. Any compromise of our data security could also deter customers from using our internet banking services. We rely on industry standard internet security systems to provide the security and authentication necessary to effect secure transmission of data. These precautions may not protect our security systems from compromises or breaches and could result in damage to our reputation and our business. We utilize third party core banking software and for some systems we have outsourced our data processing to a third party. If our third party providers encounter difficulties or if we have difficulty in communicating with such third parties, it could significantly affect our ability to adequately process and account for customer transactions, which could significantly affect our business operations.  We utilize file encryption in designated internal systems and networks and are subject to certain state and federal regulations regarding how we manage data security.  Natural disasters and disaster recovery risks could affect our operating systems, which could affect our reputation. Potential problems with the management of technology security and operational risks may affect regulatory compliance, which could affect operating costs and expansion plans.

Financial and Operating Counterparties Expose Us to Risks.

We have increased our use of derivative financial instruments, primarily interest rate swaps, which exposes us to financial and contractual risks with counterparty banks.  We maintain correspondent bank relationships, manage certain loan participations, engage in securities transactions, and engage in other activities with financial counterparties that are customary to our industry.  We also utilize services from major vendors of technology, telecommunications, and other essential operating services.  There is financial and operating risk in these relationships, which we seek to manage through internal controls and procedures, but there are no assurances that we will not experience loss or interruption of our business as a result of unforeseen events with these providers.  Our expanded mortgage lending and mortgage banking operations have also exposed us to more counterparty transactions including the use of third parties to participate in the management

36

Table of Contents

of interest rate risk and mortgage sales and hedging.  Financial and operational risks are inherent in these counterparty relationships.

We May Not Be Able to Attract and Retain Skilled People.

Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract new employees, retain and motivate our existing employees, and continue to compensate employees competitively. Competition for the best people in our industry can be intense and we may not be able to hire or retain appropriately qualified individuals. As a result of recent revenue declines and expense restructuring activities, the Company could experience changes in the retention of existing employees.

Management Changes Could Affect Operations.

In 2013, there were changes in executive and senior management, including vacancy periods during times of transition.  Existing senior managers were promoted to executive management positions with the expectation that there would be better focus on core competencies.  Transitions in the management team introduce control risks in the oversight of operating activities and in the planning and execution of strategic objectives.

Our Controls and Procedures May Fail or Be Circumvented.

Management regularly reviews and updates the Company’s internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of the controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

New Retail Lending Operations Expose Us to New Operating Risks.

In 2012, the Bank acquired the business assets of an established residential mortgage origination company in Eastern Massachusetts.  The acquired mortgage operations have been integrated and expanded in the Bank’s footprint.  Following record business volumes in 2012, mortgage business volumes contracted substantially in 2013 which affected mortgage banking profitability and necessitated a restructuring of expenses and operations.

The Bank acquired consumer lending operations with the Beacon Federal acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2012.  The Bank has centralized its franchise consumer lending in these acquired Syracuse operations, including indirect automobile lending and home equity lending.  The Company views these acquired consumer lending operations as a significant opportunity to expand its franchise consumer lending.

These changes expose us to operating risks.  The conduct of these new activities also expose the Bank to the risk of loan losses, losses related to interest rate risk management, compliance, litigation, and other risks common in consumer lending operations.

37

Table of Contents

Derivatives and Counterparty Risks Have Increased.

The total notional amount of derivative financial instruments more than doubled in 2012, largely due to the expanded mortgage operations. The increase includes customer interest rate lock commitments on applications for mortgages that Berkshire intends to sell, and forward sales of securities intended to hedge the interest rate risk of these rate lock commitments until the loans are closed and sold. These activities involve new derivative instruments and new broker/dealer counterparties, as well as the utilization of a new vendor responsible for managing the hedging position.  Additionally, Berkshire sells closed loans on a servicing released basis under mandatory and best efforts contracts to institutional secondary market purchasers which are new counterparties for Berkshire. Berkshire could experience losses if there are failures in the controls or accounting for these activities or if there are performance failures by any of these new counterparties. The risk of loss is increased when interest rates change suddenly and if the intended hedging objectives are not achieved as a result of market or counterparty behaviors. The sudden change in interest rates in 2013 contributed to lower mortgage banking profitability in 2013.

The Bank expanded its use of interest rate swaps in 2013 related to hedging its borrowings and providing commercial loan customers with fixed interest rate payment options.  Following the completion of the New York branch acquisition shortly after year-end 2013, all outstanding interest rate swaps related to Federal Home Loan Bank loans were terminated and new borrowings and interest rate swaps were entered into based on an analysis of the current interest rate profile and objectives.  These terminations in hedge management were due to changed circumstances and the Company’s ability to utilize its hedge accounting methods depends on its ability to forecast related economic and financial factors which could limit its ability to utilize these methods in the event of future unforeseen events.

The Core Bank Processing System Conversion Exposes Us to Operating and Financial Risks.

In 2012, the Bank converted its core bank processing system to a new system and a new vendor.  This system was changed from primarily an “in-house” system run on the Bank’s own computers to one that is primarily a “service bureau” solution running on the provider’s computers and relying on long distance telecommunications.  Core systems conversions involve extensive planning and operational changes that affect bank account records, customer service delivery, internal procedures, technology risk management, and other significant operating activities.  The changes expose the Bank to new risks with new systems and new vendors.  The Bank has worked closely with third parties to manage the related operating and financial risks.  Potential problems with new systems could involve regulatory compliance risk, potentially resulting in higher operating costs or limitations on operating activities.  The new systems involve new costs with the new vendor, which could exceed expectations and impact profitability and future vendor relations.

Liquidity

Our Wholesale Funding Sources May Prove Insufficient to Replace Deposits at Maturity and Support Our Operations and Future Growth.

We must maintain sufficient funds to respond to the needs of depositors and borrowers. As a part of our liquidity management, we use a number of funding sources in addition to core deposit growth and repayments and maturities of loans and investments.  These sources include Federal Home Loan Bank advances, proceeds from the sale of loans, and liquidity resources at the holding company. Our financial flexibility will be severely constrained if we are unable to maintain our access to funding or if adequate financing is not available to accommodate future growth at acceptable costs. Finally, if we are required to rely more heavily on more expensive funding sources to support future growth, our revenues may not increase proportionately to cover our costs. In this case, our operating margins and profitability would be adversely affected.  Turbulence in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business with us.  The

38

Table of Contents

Company’s long term plan anticipates asset growth at a faster rate than deposit growth, which may result in increased reliance on wholesale or nontraditional funding sources.  If deposits in new markets do not remain at planned levels, this could increase the possible reliance on wholesale or nontraditional funding sources.

The Company Has Exceeded Certain Massachusetts Depositors Insurance Fund Size Thresholds, Which May Result In Changes to the Company and the Bank’s Operations.

Due to ongoing growth, the Company has exceeded certain Massachusetts Depositors Insurance Fund size thresholds and is evaluating its alternatives. Should Berkshire Bank determine to withdraw from participation in the Depositors Insurance Fund, the Bank would be required, under Massachusetts law, to convert from a Massachusetts savings bank to a Massachusetts trust company and, under federal law, the Company would be required to convert from a savings and loan holding company to a bank holding company. Such a charter conversion and holding company change would affect the overall powers and obligations of the Company and the Bank. The Bank is considering available alternatives to a charter conversion. None of these issues would affect the Bank’s federal deposit insurance coverage by the FDIC and a potential withdrawal from the DIF supplemental insurance program would be expected to include a notice and transition time period for currently insured accounts.  Withdrawal from DIF could have negative impact to future deposit acquisition or retention.  The Company expects that any related charter changes, would be managed in an orderly manner without significant impact to business operations.

Our Ability to Service Our Debt, Pay Dividends and Otherwise Pay Our Obligations as They Come Due Is Substantially Dependent on Capital Distributions from the Bank, and These Distributions Are Subject to Regulatory Limits and Other Restrictions.

A substantial source of our holding company income is the receipt of dividends from the Bank, from which we service our debt, pay our obligations, and pay shareholder dividends.  The availability of dividends from the Bank is limited by various statutes and regulations. It is possible, depending upon the financial condition of the Bank and other factors, that the applicable regulatory authorities could assert that payment of dividends or other types of payments are an unsafe or unsound practice. If the Bank is unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to service our debt, pay our obligations or pay dividends on our common stock. The inability to receive dividends from the Bank would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

Interest Rates

Changes in Interest Rates Could Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition.

Net interest income is our largest source of income.  Changes in interest rates can affect the level of net interest income. The Company’s interest rate sensitivity is discussed in more detail in Item 7A of this report.  The Company principally manages interest rate risk by managing its volume and mix of earning assets and funding liabilities. In a changing interest rate environment, the Company may not be able to manage this risk effectively. If the Company is unable to manage interest rate risk effectively, its business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed.  Changes in interest rates can also affect the demand for the Company’s products and services, and the supply conditions in the U.S. financial and capital markets.  Changes in the level of interest rates may negatively affect the Company’s ability to originate real estate loans, the value of its assets and its ability to realize gains from the sale of our assets, all of which ultimately affect our earnings.  In 2013, factors related to market interest rates affected the retention of bank loans and mortgage banking revenues acquired in recent business combinations.

39

Table of Contents

Securities Market Values

Declines in the Value of Certain Investment Securities Could Require Write-Downs, Which Would Reduce Our Earnings.

Unrealized losses on investment securities result from changes in credit spreads and liquidity issues in the marketplace, along with changes in the credit profile of individual securities issuers. The Company concluded that, as of year-end 2013, any unrealized losses are temporary in nature, and it has the intent and ability to hold these investments for a time necessary to recover its cost or stated maturity (at which time, full payment is expected). However, a continued decline in the value of these securities or other factors could result in an other-than-temporary impairment write-down which would reduce earnings.  Some of the Company’s securities are locally originated economic development bonds.  These securities could become impaired due to economic and real estate market conditions which also affect loan risk.  The Company has an investment in the stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston, which currently provides a modest dividend after a period when the dividend was suspended.  If the capitalization of a Federal Home Loan Bank, including the FHLBB, became substantially diminished it could result in a write-down which would reduce our earnings.  At year-end 2013, the initial promulgation of a regulatory change known as “the Volker Rule” would have required the write-down of a pooled trust preferred security in the Bank’s portfolio.  This promulgation was modified, eliminating any potential accounting impacts for the Company.  Future regulatory pronouncements could affect the securities portfolio and its carrying value.

Regulatory

Legislative and Regulatory Initiatives May Affect our Business Activities and Increase Operating Costs.

The potential exists for additional federal or state laws and regulations regarding lending, funding practices, capital, and liquidity standards.  Bank regulatory agencies are expected to be more active in responding to concerns and trends identified in examinations, including the expected issuance of many formal enforcement orders. In addition, new laws, regulations, and other regulatory changes may also increase our compliance costs and affect our business and operations.  Moreover, the FDIC sets the cost of our FDIC insurance premiums, which can affect our profitability.

The Company is required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. Regulatory capital requirements and their impact on the Company may change.  It may need to raise additional capital in the future to support operations and continued growth. Our ability to raise capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control, and on our financial performance. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, it could affect operations and the execution of the strategic plan, which includes further expanding operations through internal growth and acquisitions.

The Dodd-Frank Act made extensive changes in the regulation of insured depository institutions.  In addition to eliminating the OTS and creating the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Dodd-Frank Act, among other things, directs changes in the way that institutions are assessed for deposit insurance, mandates the imposition of consolidated capital requirements on savings and loan holding companies, requires originators of certain securitized loans to retain a percentage of the risk for the transferred loans, stipulates regulatory rate-setting for certain debit card interchange fees, repeals restrictions on the payment of interest on commercial demand deposits and contains a number of reforms related to mortgage originations.  The impact of many of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act cannot yet be fully assessed.  However, there is a significant possibility that the Dodd-Frank Act will, at a minimum, result in increased regulatory burden, compliance costs and interest expense for the Company.

40

Table of Contents

New laws, regulations, and other regulatory changes, along with negative developments in the financial industry and the domestic and international credit markets, may significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the markets for and value of our loans and investments, and our ongoing operations, costs and profitability.  For more information, see “Regulation and Supervision” in Item 1 of this report.

New Federal Bank Capital Rules May Affect the Company’s Future Condition and Performance.

In July 2013, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”), Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (“FRB”), and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) announced the adoption of new rules that revise and replace the agencies’ capital rules as these federal agencies move forward with implementing capital requirements in response to agreements reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“Basel III”). The Company is assessing the potential impact of these rules, including the impact on capital sources and capital returns.

Provisions of Our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and Delaware Law, as Well as State and Federal Banking Regulations, Could Delay or Prevent a Takeover of Us by a Third Party.

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the corporate law of the State of Delaware, and state and federal regulations could delay, defer or prevent a third party from acquiring us, despite the possible benefit to our stockholders, or otherwise adversely affect the price of our common stock. These provisions include: limitations on voting rights of beneficial owners of more than 10% of our common stock; supermajority voting requirements for certain business combinations; the election of directors to staggered terms of three years; and advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our Board of Directors and for proposing matters that stockholders may act on at stockholder meetings. In addition, we are subject to Delaware laws, including one that prohibits us from engaging in a business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years from the date the person became an interested stockholder unless certain conditions are met. These provisions may discourage potential takeover attempts, discourage bids for our common stock at a premium over market price or adversely affect the market price of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of, our common stock. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors other than the candidates nominated by our Board.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Our Acquisitions Have Resulted in Significant Goodwill, Which if it Becomes Impaired Would be Required to be Written Down, Resulting in a Negative Impact on Earnings.

The initial recording and subsequent impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets requires subjective judgments about the estimates of the fair value of assets acquired.  Factors that may significantly affect the estimates include specific industry or market sector conditions, changes in revenue growth trends, customer behavior, competitive forces, cost structures and changes in discount rates.  It is possible that future impairment testing could result in an impairment of the value of goodwill or intangible assets, or both. If we determine impairment exists at a given point in time, our earnings and the book value of the related intangible asset(s) will be reduced by the amount of the impairment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the results of impairment testing on goodwill and core deposit intangible assets have no impact on our tangible book value or regulatory capital levels.  These are non-GAAP financial measures. They are not a substitute for GAAP measures and should only be considered in conjunction with the Company’s GAAP financial information.

41

Table of Contents

Trading of our Common Stock

The Trading History of Our Common Stock Is Characterized By Low Trading Volume.  The Value of Your Investment May be Subject To Sudden Decreases Due To the Volatility of the Price of Our Common Stock.

The level of interest and trading in the Company’s stock depends on many factors beyond our control. The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to numerous factors, including, but not limited to, the factors discussed in other risk factors and the following: actual or anticipated fluctuations in operating results; changes in interest rates; changes in the legal or regulatory environment; press releases, announcements or publicity relating to the Company or its competitors or relating to trends in its industry; changes in expectations as to future financial performance, including financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts and investors; future sales of our common stock; changes in economic conditions in our marketplace, general conditions in the U.S. economy, financial markets or the banking industry; and other developments affecting our competitors or us. These factors may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance, and could prevent stockholders from selling their common stock at a desirable price.

In the past, stockholders have brought securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. We could be the target of similar litigation in the future, which could result in substantial costs and divert management’s attention and resources.