Overall Business Risks

The Company’s Business May Be Adversely Affected by Conditions in the Financial Markets and
Economic Conditions Generally.

Since December 2007, the United States has been in a recession. Business activity across a wide
range of industries and regions is greatly reduced and local governments and many businesses are in
serious difficulty due to declines in revenues, the lack of consumer spending and the lack of
liquidity in the credit markets. Unemployment has increased significantly. Overall, during 2008,
the business environment has been adverse for many households and businesses in the United States
and worldwide. The business environment in the markets in which the Company operates has been less
adverse than in the United States generally but continues to deteriorate. It is expected that the
business environment in the Company’s markets, the United States and worldwide will continue to
weaken for the near future. There can be no assurance that these conditions will improve in the
near term. Such conditions could adversely affect the credit quality of the Company’s loans,
results of operations and financial condition.

Since mid-2007, and particularly during the second half of 2008, the financial services industry
and the securities markets generally were materially and adversely affected by significant declines
in the values of nearly all asset classes and by a serious lack of liquidity. This was initially
triggered by declines in home prices and the values of subprime mortgages, but spread to all
mortgage and real estate asset classes, to leveraged bank loans and to nearly all asset classes,
including equities. The global markets have been characterized by substantially increased
volatility and short-selling and an overall loss of investor confidence, initially in financial
institutions, but more recently in companies in a number of other industries and in the broader
markets.

Market conditions have also led to the failure or merger of a number of prominent financial
institutions. Financial institution failures or near-failures have resulted in further losses as a
consequence of defaults on securities issued by them and defaults under contracts entered into with
such entities as counterparties. Furthermore, declining asset values, defaults on mortgages and
consumer loans, and the lack of market and investor confidence, as well as other factors, have all
combined to increase credit default swap spreads, to cause rating agencies to lower credit ratings,
and to otherwise increase the cost and decrease the availability of liquidity, despite very
significant declines in Federal Reserve borrowing rates and other government actions. Some banks
and other lenders have suffered significant losses and have become reluctant to lend, even on a
secured basis, due to the increased risk of default and the impact of declining asset values on the
value of collateral. The foregoing has significantly weakened the strength and liquidity of some
financial institutions worldwide. In 2008, the U.S. government, the Federal Reserve and other
regulators have taken numerous steps to increase liquidity and to restore investor confidence,
including investing significantly in the equity of banking organizations, but asset values have
continued to decline and access to liquidity continues to be very limited.

- 23 -

Table of Contents

Lending

Continued and Prolonged Deterioration in the Housing Sector and Related Markets and the Economy May
Adversely Affect Our Business and Financial Results.

Residential real estate markets continued to decline throughout 2008. Economic measures declined
at an accelerating rate, leading to a 6.2% preliminary estimated annualized decline in the U.S. GDP
in the fourth quarter. Unemployment rose as economic conditions deteriorated. We do not expect
improvement in the economy or in real estate and financial market conditions in the near future. A
worsening of these negative conditions could adversely impact the ability of our borrowers to
service their debt, along with the value and liquidity of collateral and other forms of loan
support. The quality and value of our investment securities may also be impacted. Emergency
government measures may affect our rights as creditors and owners of securities. Adverse
developments could affect our net interest income, charge-offs, loan loss provision, asset and
goodwill valuations, and our prospects for growth. Regulatory promulgations could affect our
operations and financial condition.

Our Emphasis on Commercial Lending May Expose Us to Increased Lending Risks, Which Could Hurt Our
Profits.

Commercial loans are historically more sensitive to economic downturns. Such sensitivity includes
potentially higher default rates and possible reduction of collateral values. Commercial lending
involves larger loan sizes and larger relationship exposures, which can have a greater impact on
profits in the event of adverse loan performance. Commercial lending involves more development
financing, which is dependent on the future success of new operations. Residential construction
loans depend significantly on the residential real estate and lending markets for the repayment of
these loans. Commercial loans also include lending to nonprofit organizations which in some cases
are particularly sensitive to negative economic events.

Our Allowance for Loan Losses May Prove to be Insufficient to Absorb Losses in Our Loan Portfolio.

Like all financial institutions, we maintain an allowance for loan losses to provide for loans in
our portfolio that may not be repaid in their entirety. We believe that our allowance for loan
losses is maintained at a level adequate to absorb probable losses inherent in our loan portfolio
as of the corresponding balance sheet date. However, our allowance for loan losses may not be
sufficient to cover actual loan losses, and future provisions for loan losses could materially and
adversely affect our operating results. The Company has seen a significant increase in the level
of potential problem loans and other loans with higher than normal risk. The Company expects to
receive more frequent requests from borrowers to modify residential mortgage and consumer loans.
The related accounting measurements related to
impairment and the loan loss allowance require significant estimates which are subject to
uncertainty and changes relating to new information and changing circumstances. Our estimates of
the risk of loss and amount of loss on any loan are complicated by the significant uncertainties
surrounding our borrowers’ abilities to successfully execute their business models through changing
economic environments, competitive challenges and other factors. Because of the degree of
uncertainty and susceptibility of these factors to change, our actual losses may vary from our
current estimates.

State and federal regulators, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review
our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses by
recognizing additional provisions for loan losses charged to expense, or to decrease our allowance
for loan losses by recognizing loan charge-offs, net of recoveries. Any such additional provisions
for loan losses or charge-offs, as required by these regulatory agencies, could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

- 24 -

Table of Contents

Operating

A Continuing Downturn in the Local Economy or Local Real Estate Values Could Hurt Our Profits.

Our success depends to a significant extent upon economic conditions in our market areas. The
demand for our products and services, and our ability to maintain satisfactory pricing margins, may
be affected by market conditions. Adverse economic conditions in our market areas could reduce
our growth rate, affect the ability of our customers to repay their loans and generally affect our
financial condition and results of operations. Any sustained period of increased payment
delinquencies, foreclosures or losses caused by adverse market or economic conditions in our market
areas could adversely affect the value of our assets, revenues, results of operations and financial
condition. Moreover, we cannot give any assurance we will benefit from any market growth or
favorable economic conditions in our primary market areas if they do occur.

Our Geographic Expansion and Growth, If Not Successful, Could Negatively Impact Earnings.

We plan to achieve significant growth both organically and through acquisitions. We have recently
expanded into new geographic markets and anticipate that we will expand into additional new
geographic markets as we expand as a regional bank. The success of this expansion depends on our
ability to continue to maintain and develop an infrastructure appropriate to support such growth.
Also, our success depends on the acceptance by customers of us and our services in these new
markets and, in the case of expansion through acquisitions, our success depends on many factors,
including the long-term retention of key personnel and acquired customer relationships. The
profitability of our expansion strategy also depends on whether the income we generate in the new
markets will offset the increased expenses of operating a larger entity with increased personnel,
more branch locations and additional product offerings.

Competition From Financial Institutions and Other Financial Service Providers May Adversely Affect
Our Growth and Profitability.

The banking business is highly competitive and we experience competition in each of our markets
from many other financial institutions. Due to the interventions of the federal government, some
of the institutions that we compete with are receiving substantial federal financial support which
may not be available to our Company. Many institutions have been allowed to convert to banking
charters and to offer insured deposits for the first time. The federal government has guaranteed
money market funds which traditionally compete with bank deposits. The federal government has
offered significant guarantees of new debt issuances to some of the Company’s competitors to help
them fund their operations. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are now in federal receivership and may
operate directly as a competitor in some lending markets in the future. Emergency measures
designed to support some of the Company’s competitors may provide no advantage to the Company or
place it at a disadvantage. Emergency changes in deposit insurance, financial market regulation,
bank regulation, and policy of the Federal Home Loan Bank system may all affect the competitive
environment for the Company and other market participants.

The Terms of Our Capital May Change and Our Access to Capital Markets and Financial Markets May Not
Be Available When It Is Needed.

The Company has participated in the U.S. Treasury Capital Purchase Program. The terms of this
program are subject to changes by Congress and the burden of the program is affected by inspections
and program management. Congress continues to add new terms to this program and the Treasury’s
involvement as a partner is evolving. Uncertainty about the direction of this program and adverse
changes in this program could affect the Company’s ability to operate and generate earnings,
including the impact of dividend payments and the impact of compensation and operating
restrictions. The possible nationalization of portions of the U.S. financial system and/or
failures or restructurings of major market participants may create unpredictable and adverse
changes in the availability of capital and other financial resources. We are required by federal
and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations.
Regulatory capital requirements and their impact on the Company may change. We may at some point
need to raise additional capital to support our operations and continued growth. Our ability to
raise capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are
outside of our control, and on our financial performance. If we cannot raise additional capital
when needed, it could affect our operations and our ability to execute our strategic plan, which
includes further expanding our operations through internal growth and acquisitions.

- 25 -

Table of Contents

We are Subject to Security and Operational Risks Relating to Our Use of Technology that Could
Damage Our Reputation and Our Business.

Security breaches in our internet banking activities could expose us to possible liability and
damage our reputation. Any compromise of our security also could deter customers from using our
internet banking services that involve the transmission of confidential information. We rely on
industry standard internet security systems to provide the security and authentication necessary to
effect secure transmission of data. These precautions may not protect our systems from compromises
or breaches of our security measures that could result in damage to our reputation and our
business. We utilize third part core banking software and for some systems we outsource our data
processing to a third party. If our third party providers encounter difficulties or if we have
difficulty in communicating with such third parties, it could significantly affect our ability to
adequately process and account for customer transactions, which could significantly affect our
business operations. Due to the recession, there may be a rising risk of fraud or illegal acts.
Disaster and disaster recovery risks could affect our ability to operate and our reputation.

Conditions in Insurance Markets Could Adversely Affect Our Earnings.

Revenue levels from our insurance segment could be negatively impacted by the fluctuating premiums
in the insurance market caused by capacity constraints and losses due to natural disasters.
Premium levels and commission structures may be affected by changes in the financial condition of
insurers due to the financial and economic downturn. Other factors that affect our insurance
revenue are profitability and growth of our clients, continued development of new products and
services, as well as our access to markets and the impact of state insurance regulations.

Liquidity

Our Wholesale Funding Sources May Prove Insufficient to Replace Deposits at Maturity and Support
Our Operations and Future Growth.

We must maintain sufficient funds to respond to the needs of depositors and borrowers. As a part of
our liquidity management, we use a number of funding sources in addition to core deposit growth and
repayments and maturities of loans and investments. As we continue to grow, we may become more
dependent on these sources, which include Federal Home Loan Bank advances, proceeds from the sale
of loans, and liquidity resources at the holding company. Our financial flexibility will be
severely constrained if we are unable to maintain our access to funding or if adequate financing is
not available to accommodate future growth at acceptable costs. Finally, if we are required to rely
more heavily on more expensive funding sources to support future growth, our revenues may not
increase proportionately to cover our costs. In this case, our operating margins and profitability
would be adversely affected.

Lack of Consumer Confidence in Financial Institutions May Decrease Our Level of Deposits.

Our level of deposits may be affected by lack of consumer confidence in financial institutions,
which have caused fewer depositors to be willing to maintain deposits that are not insured by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. That may cause depositors to withdraw deposits and place
them in other institutions or to invest uninsured funds in investments perceived as being more
secure, such as securities issued by the U.S. Treasury. These consumer preferences may cause us to
be forced to pay higher interest rates to retain deposits and may constrain liquidity as we seek to
meet funding needs caused by reduced deposit levels.

Our Ability to Service Our Debt, Pay Dividends and Otherwise Pay Our Obligations as They Come Due
Is Substantially Dependent on Capital Distributions from Berkshire Bank, and These Distributions
Are Subject to Regulatory Limits and Other Restrictions.

While the Company maintained a high level of cash balances at year-end 2008, those balances may
decrease due to changes in the Company’s capital structure, possible acquisitions, and possible
further investments in the Bank. Over the long term, a substantial source of our income from which
we service our debt, pay our obligations and from which we can pay dividends is the receipt of
dividends from Berkshire Bank. The availability of dividends from Berkshire Bank is limited by
various statutes and regulations. It is possible, depending upon the financial condition of
Berkshire Bank, and other factors, that the applicable regulatory authorities could assert that
payment of dividends or other payments is an unsafe or unsound practice. If Berkshire Bank is
unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to service our debt, pay our obligations or pay
dividends on our common stock. The inability to receive dividends from Berkshire Bank would
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

- 26 -

Table of Contents

Economic Conditions May Adversely Affect Our Liquidity.

In the past year, reduced confidence by and between financial institutions, and significant
declines in the values of mortgage-backed securities and derivative securities by financial
institutions, government sponsored entities, and major commercial and investment banks have led to
decreased liquidity in financial markets among borrowers, lenders, and depositors, as well as
disruption and extreme volatility in the capital and credit markets and the failure of some
entities in the financial sector. As a result, many lenders and institutional investors have
reduced or ceased to provide funding to borrowers. Continued turbulence in the capital and credit
markets may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and the willingness of certain
counterparties and customers to do business with us.

Interest Rates

Changes in Interest Rates Could Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition.

Net interest income is our largest source of income. Changes in interest rates can affect the
level of net interest income. The Company’s interest rate sensitivity is discussed in more detail
in Item 7A of this report. We principally manage interest rate risk by managing our volume and mix
of our earning assets and funding liabilities. In a changing interest rate environment, we may not
be able to manage this risk effectively. If we are unable to manage interest rate risk effectively,
our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed. Changes in
interest rates can also affect the demand for our products and services, and the supply conditions
in the U.S. financial and capital markets. Changes in the level of interest rates may negatively
affect our ability to originate real estate loans, the value of our assets and our ability to
realize gains from the sale of our assets, all of which ultimately affect our earnings.

Securities Market Values

Continued or Further Declines in the Value of Certain Investment Securities Could Require
Write-Downs, Which Would Reduce Our Earnings.

The unrealized losses on the investment securities portfolio are due to an increase in credit
spreads and liquidity issues in the marketplace. We have concluded these unrealized losses are
temporary in nature since they are not related to the underlying credit quality of the issuers, and
we have the intent and ability to hold these investments for a time necessary to recover our cost
or stated maturity (at which time, full payment is expected). However, a continued decline in the
value of these securities or other factors could result in an other-than-temporary impairment
write-down which would
reduce our earnings. Some of the Bank’s securities are locally originated economic development
bonds to nonprofit organizations. These securities could become impaired due to economic and real
estate market conditions which also affect loan risk.

If Dividends Paid On Our Investment in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston Continue to be
Suspended, or If Our Investment is Classified as Other-Than-Temporarily Impaired or as Permanently
Impaired, Our Earnings and/or Stockholders’ Equity Could Decrease.

We own common stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston to qualify for membership in the
Federal Home Loan Bank System and to be eligible to borrow funds under the FHLBB’s advance program.
There is no market for our FHLBB common stock. On February 26, 2009, the FHLBB reported a net
annual loss of $73.2 million. The loss was primarily due to a other-than-temporary impairment
charge of $339.1 million on its private-label mortgage backed securities portfolio. The FHLBB
believes that it will recover a substantial portion of the impairment losses over time and expects
to hold the securities until maturity. As a result of the loss, the FHLBB also announced that the
dividend paid on its common stock has been suspended indefinitely and that the payment of any
dividend in 2009 is unlikely. The continued suspension of the dividend will decrease our income.
In an extreme situation, it is possible that the capitalization of a Federal Home Loan Bank,
including the FHLBB, could be substantially diminished or reduced to zero. Consequently, we believe
that there is a risk that our investment in FHLBB common stock could be deemed
other-than-temporarily impaired at some time in the future, and if this occurs, it would cause our
earnings and stockholders’ equity to decrease by the after-tax amount of the impairment charge. We
have been notified by the FHLBB that future dividend levels may be different from past levels, and
a reduction or elimination of this dividend would reduce our earnings.

- 27 -

Table of Contents

Regulatory

Recent Legislative and Regulatory Initiatives May Not Stabilize the Banking System.

The potential exists for additional federal or state laws and regulations regarding lending,
funding practices, and liquidity standards, and bank regulatory agencies are expected to be more
active in responding to concerns and trends identified in examinations, including the expected
issuance of many formal enforcement orders. Actions taken to date, as well as potential actions,
may not have the beneficial effects that are intended, particularly with respect to the extreme
levels of volatility and limited credit availability currently being experienced. In addition, new
laws, regulations, and other regulatory changes will increase our Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation insurance premiums and may also increase our costs of regulatory compliance and of
doing business, and otherwise affect our operations. New laws, regulations, and other regulatory
changes, along with negative developments in the financial industry and the domestic and
international credit markets, may significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the
markets for and value of our loans and investments, and our ongoing operations, costs and
profitability.

Future Legislative or Regulatory Actions Responding to Perceived Financial and Market Problems
Could Impair Our Rights Against Borrowers.

There have been proposals made by members of Congress and others that would reduce the amount
distressed borrowers are otherwise contractually obligated to pay under their mortgage loans and
limit an institution’s ability to foreclose on mortgage collateral. Were proposals such as these,
or other proposals limiting our rights as a creditor, to be implemented, we could experience
increased credit losses or increased expense in pursuing our remedies as a creditor.

Our Expenses Will Increase As A Result Of Increases in FDIC Insurance Premiums.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) imposes an assessment against financial
institutions for deposit insurance. This assessment is based on the risk category of the
institution and currently ranges from 5 to 43 basis points of the institution’s deposits. On
December 22, 2008, the FDIC published a final rule raising the current deposit insurance assessment
rates uniformly for all institutions by seven basis points (to a range from 12 to 50 basis points)
for the first quarter of 2009. The FDIC also expects to issue a final rule early in 2009, to be
effective April 1, 2009, to change the way that the FDIC calculates federal deposit insurance
assessment rates beginning in the second quarter of 2009. For more information on FDIC assessments,
see “Regulation and Supervision—Insurance of Deposit Accounts”.

Changes In Federal Statutes May Adversely Affect the Terms of our Capital Purchase Program Letter
Agreement with the U.S. Treasury.

The Treasury may amend any provision of the Agreement to comply with changes to federal statutes.
Any change in such Agreement could have a material impact on us and our operations. Future federal
statutory changes may adversely affect the terms of the Capital Purchase Program and our financial
condition. Any retroactive restrictions which may adversely affect our ability to comply with the
terms of the Agreement or effectively manage our business or our ability to repay the preferred
stock. Current terms of the agreement require approval by bank regulators before the stock may be
repaid.

- 28 -

Table of Contents

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law, as well as state and
federal banking regulations, could delay or prevent a takeover of us by a third party.

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the corporate law of the State of
Delaware, and state and federal regulations could delay, defer or prevent a third party from
acquiring us, despite the possible benefit to our stockholders, or otherwise adversely affect the
price of our common stock. These provisions include: limitations on voting rights of beneficial
owners of more than 10% of our common stock, supermajority voting requirements for certain business
combinations; the election of directors to staggered terms of three years; and advance notice
requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors and for proposing matters that
stockholders may act on at stockholder meetings. In addition, we are subject to Delaware laws,
including one that prohibits us from engaging in a business combination with any interested
stockholder for a period of three years from the date the person became an interested stockholder
unless certain conditions are met. These provisions may discourage potential takeover attempts,
discourage bids for our common stock at a premium over market price or adversely affect the market
price of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of, our common stock. These provisions
could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to
elect directors other than the candidates nominated by our Board.

Goodwill

Our Acquisitions Have Resulted in Significant Goodwill, Which if it Becomes Impaired Would be
Required to be Written Down, Which Would Negatively Impact Earnings.

We acquired Factory Point Bancorp, Inc. in 2007 and Woronoco Bancorp in 2005 and have purchased
insurance and financial planning businesses in the last two years, including the five insurance
agencies we acquired on October 31, 2006. We will pursue additional opportunities for acquisitions
in the future, including acquisitions in adjacent states. The success of acquisitions depends on
many factors, including the long term retention of key personnel and acquired customer
relationships. The initial recording and subsequent impairment testing of goodwill and other
intangible assets requires subjective judgments about the estimates of the fair value of assets
acquired. Factors that may significantly affect the estimates include specific industry or market
sector conditions, changes in revenue growth trends, customer behavior, competitive forces, cost
structures and changes in discount rates. It is possible that future impairment testing could
result in an impairment of the value of goodwill or intangible assets, or both. If we determine
impairment exists at a given point in time, our earnings and the book value of the related
intangible asset(s) will be reduced by the amount of the impairment. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the results of impairment testing on goodwill and core deposit intangible assets have no impact on
our tangible book value or regulatory capital levels. These are non-GAAP financial measures. They
are not a substitute for GAAP measures and should only be considered in conjunction with the
Company’s GAAP financial information.

Trading

The Trading History of Our Common stock is Characterized by Low Trading Volume. The Value of Your
Investment May be Subject to Sudden Decreases Due to the Volatility of the Price of our Common
Stock.

Our common stock trades on The NASDAQ Global Select Market. The average daily trading volume of
our common stock during 2008 was approximately 54,000 shares. The level of interest and trading
in our stock depends on many factors beyond our control. The market price of our common stock may
be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to numerous factors, including, but
not limited to, the factors discussed in other risk factors and the following:

•

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;

•

changes in interest rates;

•

changes in the legal or regulatory environment in which we operate;

•

press releases, announcements or publicity relating to us or our competitors or
relating to trends in our industry;

•

changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial
estimates or recommendations by securities analysts and investors;

•

future sales of our common stock;

•

changes in economic conditions in our marketplace, general conditions in the U.S.
economy, financial markets or the banking industry; and

•

other developments affecting our competitors or us.

- 29 -

Table of Contents

These factors may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, regardless of our actual
operating performance, and could prevent you from selling your common stock at the price you
desire. In addition, the stock markets, from time to time, experience extreme price and volume
fluctuations that may be unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies.
These broad fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of
our trading performance. In the past, stockholders sometimes have brought securities class action
litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of their
securities. We could be the target of similar litigation in the future, which could result in
substantial costs and divert management’s attention and resources.