An
 investment in our common stock involves risk. You should carefully consider
 the
 risks described below and all other information contained in this annual report
 on Form 10-K before you decide to buy our common stock. It is possible that
 risks and uncertainties not listed below may arise or become material in the
 future and affect our business.

Lending

Our
 emphasis on commercial lending may expose us to increased lending risks, which
 could hurt our profits.

Our
 commercial loan portfolio, which consists of commercial real estate loans,
 construction and development loans and commercial business loans, has increased
 from $757 million at year-end 2006 to $908 million at year-end 2007. A
 significant portion of this growth has included construction and development
 loans that may have higher risk, and loans in new markets, where the Company
 has
 less historic knowledge of the market. Also, commercial loans are more sensitive
 to economic downturns and the possible impact of higher interest rates. Such
 sensitivity includes potentially higher default rates and possible reduction
 of
 collateral values. Some of the growth in commercial loans is also attributable
 to larger loan sizes and larger relationship exposures, which can have a greater
 impact on profits in the event of adverse loan performance. Commercial lending
 also involves more development financing, which is dependent on the future
 success of new operations. Additionally, the Company has expanded its commercial
 lending team to accomplish this growth, and this has the potential to increase
 risk relating to underwriting and administrative controls as new lenders are
 integrated into the control environment. These and other factors may result
 in
 errors in judging the collectability of commercial loans, which may lead to
 additional provisions or charge-offs. Construction lending depends largely
 upon
 the accuracy of the initial estimate of the property’s value at completion of
 construction and the estimated cost (including interest) of construction. During
 the construction phase, a number of factors could result in delays and cost
 overruns. If the estimate of construction costs proves to be inaccurate, the
 Company may be required to advance funds beyond the amount originally committed
 to permit completion of the building project. If the estimate of value proves
 to
 be inaccurate, the Company may be confronted, at or before the maturity of
 the
 loan, with a building having a value which is insufficient to assure full
 repayment. If the Company is forced to foreclose on collateral before or at
 completion due to a default, there can be no assurance that it will be able
 to
 recover all of the unpaid balance of, and accrued interest on, the loan as
 well
 as related foreclosure and holding costs.

Our
 allowance for loan losses may prove to be insufficient to absorb losses in
 our
 loan portfolio.

Like
 all
 financial institutions, we maintain an allowance for loan losses to provide
 for
 loans in our portfolio that may not be repaid in their entirety. We believe
 that
 our allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level adequate to absorb
 probable losses inherent in our loan portfolio as of the corresponding balance
 sheet date. However, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to
 cover actual loan losses, and future provisions for loan losses could
 materially  and adversely affect our operating results.

In
 evaluating the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses, we consider numerous
 quantitative factors, including our historical charge-off experience, growth
 of
 our loan portfolio, changes in the composition of our loan portfolio and the
 volume of delinquent and classified loans. In addition, we use information
 about
 specific borrower situations, including their financial position and estimated
 collateral values, to estimate the risk and amount of loss for those borrowers.
 Finally, we also consider many qualitative factors, including general and
 economic business conditions, the local residential real estate market, the
 interest rate environment, fiscal and monetary policy of the United States
 government, energy prices, commercial real estate conditions, the duration
 of
 the current business cycle, current general market collateral valuations, trends
 apparent in any of the factors we take into account and other matters, which
 are
 by nature more subjective and fluid. Our estimates of the risk of loss and
 amount of loss on any loan are complicated by the significant uncertainties
 surrounding our borrowers’ abilities to successfully execute their business
 models through changing economic environments, competitive challenges and other
 factors. Because of the degree of uncertainty and susceptibility of these
 factors to change, our actual losses may vary from our current
 estimates.

 -22-

 Index

Based
 on
 our review of the above-mentioned factors, we recorded a provision for loan
 losses of $4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2007 and acquired $4.5
 million in allowance for loan losses from the Factory Point Bancorp acquisition
 to bring our allowance for loan losses at year-end 2007 to $22.1 million, which
 was 1.14% of total loans. State and federal regulators, as an integral part
 of
 their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses
 and
 may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses by recognizing
 additional provisions for loan losses charged to expense, or to decrease our
 allowance for loan losses by recognizing loan charge-offs, net of recoveries.
 Any such additional provisions for loan losses or charge-offs, as required
 by
 these regulatory agencies, could have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition and results of operations.

A
 downturn in the local economy or a decline in real estate values could hurt
 our
 profits.

Approximately
 79% of our loans were secured by real estate as of year-end 2007.  A
 decline in real estate values could expose us to a greater risk of loss. Because
 the majority of our borrowers and depositors are individuals and businesses
 located and doing business in our market areas, our success depends to a
 significant extent upon economic conditions in our market areas. Adverse
 economic conditions in our market areas could reduce our growth rate, affect
 the
 ability of our customers to repay their loans and generally effect our financial
 condition and results of operations. Conditions such as inflation, recession,
 unemployment, high interest rates, short money supply, scarce natural resources,
 international disorders, terrorism and other factors beyond our control may
 adversely affect our profitability. We are less able than a larger institution
 to spread the risks of unfavorable local economic conditions across a large
 number of diversified economies.  Any sustained period of increased
 payment delinquencies, foreclosures or losses caused by adverse market or
 economic conditions in our market areas could adversely affect the value of
 our
 assets, revenues, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover,
 we
 cannot give any assurance we will benefit from any market growth or favorable
 economic conditions in our primary market areas if they do occur.

Growth

Our
 geographic expansion and growth, if not successful, could negatively impact
 earnings.

We
 plan
 to achieve significant growth both organically and through acquisitions. We
 have
 recently expanded into new geographic markets and anticipate that we will expand
 into additional new geographic markets as we transform ourselves into a regional
 bank. The success of this expansion will depend on our ability to continue
 to
 maintain and develop an infrastructure appropriate to support such growth.
 Also,
 our success will depend on the acceptance by customers of us and our services
 in
 these new markets and, in the case of expansion through acquisitions, our
 success depends on many factors, including the long-term retention of key
 personnel and acquired customer relationships. The profitability of our
 expansion strategy also will depend on whether the income we generate in the
 new
 markets will offset the increased expenses of operating a larger entity with
 increased personnel, more branch locations and additional product offerings.
 We
 expect that it may take a period of time before certain of our new branches
 can
 become profitable, especially in areas in which we do not have an established
 physical presence. During this period, operating these new branches may
 negatively impact net income. Additionally, in connection with our expansion,
 we
 will need to increase our operational and financial procedures, systems and
 controls. If we have difficulty in doing so, it could harm our business, results
 of operations and financial condition.

Competition
 from financial institutions and other financial service providers may adversely
 affect our growth and profitability.

The
 banking business is highly competitive and we experience competition in each
 of
 our markets from many other financial institutions. We compete with commercial
 banks, credit unions, savings and loan associations, mortgage banking firms,
 consumer finance companies, securities brokerage firms, insurance companies,
 money market funds, and other mutual funds, as well as other super-regional,
 national and international financial institutions that operate offices in our
 primary market areas and elsewhere.

 -23-

 Index

We
 compete with these institutions both in attracting deposits and in making loans.
 This competition has made it more difficult for us to make new loans and has
 occasionally forced us to offer higher deposit rates. Price competition for
 loans and deposits might result in our earning less on our loans and paying
 more
 on our deposits, which reduces net interest income. Many of our competitors
 are
 larger financial institutions. While we believe we can and do successfully
 compete with these other financial institutions in our primary markets, we
 may
 face a competitive disadvantage as a result of our smaller size, smaller
 resources and smaller lending limits, lack of geographic diversification and
 inability to spread our marketing costs across a broader market.

Our
 continued pace of growth may require us to raise additional capital in the
 future, but that capital may not be available when it is needed.

We
 are
 required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels
 of capital to support our operations. We may at some point need to raise
 additional capital to support our continued growth. Our ability to raise
 capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that
 time, which are outside of our control, and on our financial performance.
 Accordingly, if needed, we cannot assure you of our ability to raise additional
 capital on terms acceptable to us. If we cannot raise additional capital when
 needed, our ability to execute our strategic plan, which includes further
 expanding our operations through internal growth and acquisitions could be
 materially impaired.

Interest
 Rates

Fluctuations
 in interest rates could reduce our profitability and affect the value of our
 assets.

Like
 other financial institutions, we are subject to interest rate risk. Our primary
 source of income is net interest income, which is the difference between
 interest earned on loans and investments and the interest paid on deposits
 and
 borrowings. We expect that we will periodically experience imbalances in the
 interest rate sensitivities of our assets and liabilities and the relationships
 of various interest rates to each other. Over any defined period of time, our
 interest-earning assets may be more sensitive to changes in market interest
 rates than our interest-bearing liabilities, or vice versa. In addition, the
 individual market interest rates underlying our loan and deposit products (e.g., prime) may not
 change
 to the same degree over a given time period.  In any event, if market
 interest rates should move contrary to our position, our earnings may be
 negatively affected. In addition, loan volume and quality and deposit volume
 and
 mix can be affected by market interest rates. Changes in levels of market
 interest rates could materially and  adversely affect our net interest
 spread, asset quality, origination volume and overall
 profitability.

We
 principally manage interest rate risk by managing our volume and mix of our
 earning assets and funding liabilities. In a changing interest rate environment,
 we may not be able to manage this risk effectively. If we are unable to manage
 interest rate risk effectively, our business, financial condition and results
 of
 operations could be materially harmed.

Changes
 in the level of interest rates also may negatively affect our ability to
 originate real estate loans, the value of our assets and our ability to realize
 gains from the sale of our assets, all of which ultimately affect our
 earnings.

Our
 investment portfolio includes securities that are sensitive to interest rates
 and variations in interest rates may adversely impact our
 profitability.

Our
 securities portfolio includes mortgage-backed securities, which are insured
 or
 guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or government-sponsored enterprises..
 These securities are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations. The unrealized
 gains or losses in our available-for-sale portfolio are reported as a separate
 component of stockholders’ equity until realized upon sale.  As a
 result, future interest rate fluctuations may impact stockholders’ equity,
 causing material fluctuations from quarter to quarter. Failure to hold our
 securities until maturity or until market conditions are favorable for a sale
 could adversely affect our financial condition, profitability and
 prospects.

 -24-

 Index

Liquidity

Our
 wholesale funding sources may prove insufficient to replace deposits at maturity
 and support our future growth.

We
 must
 maintain sufficient funds to respond to the needs of depositors and borrowers.
 As a part of our liquidity management, we use a number of funding sources in
 addition to core deposit growth and repayments and maturities of loans and
 investments. As we continue to grow, we are likely to become more dependent
 on
 these sources, which include Federal Home Loan Bank advances, proceeds from
 the
 sale of loans and liquidity resources at the holding company. At December 31,
 2007, we had approximately $299 million of FHLB advances outstanding. Our
 financial flexibility will be severely constrained if we are unable to maintain
 our access to funding or if adequate financing is not available to accommodate
 future growth at acceptable interest rates. Finally, if we are required to
 rely
 more heavily on more expensive funding sources to support future growth, our
 revenues may not increase proportionately to cover our costs. In this case,
 our
 operating margins and profitability would be adversely affected.

Our
 ability to service our debt, pay dividends and otherwise pay our obligations
 as
 they come due is substantially dependent on capital distributions from Berkshire
 Bank, and these distributions are subject to regulatory limits and other
 restrictions.

A
 substantial source of our income from which we service our debt, pay our
 obligations and from which we can pay dividends is the receipt of dividends
 from
 Berkshire Bank. The availability of dividends from Berkshire Bank is limited
 by
 various statutes and regulations. It is possible, depending upon the financial
 condition of Berkshire Bank, and other factors, that the applicable regulatory
 authorities could assert that payment of dividends or other payments is an
 unsafe or unsound practice. If Berkshire Bank is unable to pay dividends to
 us,
 we may not be able to service our debt, pay our obligations or pay dividends
 on
 our common stock. The inability to receive dividends from Berkshire Bank would
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 prospects.

Operational

We
 operate in a highly regulated environment and may be adversely affected by
 changes in laws and regulations.

Berkshire
 Hills Bancorp is subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination
 by
 the Office of Thrift Supervision, its chartering authority, and Berkshire Bank
 is subject to extensive supervision and examination by the Massachusetts
 Division of Banks, its chartering authority, and the Federal Deposit Insurance
 Corporation, as insurer of Berkshire Bank’s deposits. Such regulations and
 supervision govern the activities in which an institution and its holding
 company may engage, and are intended primarily for the protection of the
 insurance fund and depositors. Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion
 in their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the imposition of
 restrictions on operations, the classification of assets and determination
 of
 the level of allowance for loan losses. Any change in such regulation and
 oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, regulations, legislation
 or
 supervisory action may have a material impact on our operations. Berkshire
 Hills
 Bancorp primarily depends on Berkshire Bank for dividends as a source of funds
 to service its indebtedness and to pay dividends to stockholders. Such dividends
 may be restricted or prohibited by regulatory authorities.

We
 are subject to security and operational risks relating to our use of technology
 that could damage our reputation and our business.

Security
 breaches in our internet banking activities could expose us to possible
 liability and damage our reputation. Any compromise of our security also could
 deter customers from using our internet banking services that involve the
 transmission of confidential information. We rely on industry standard internet
 security systems to provide the security and authentication necessary to effect
 secure transmission of data. These precautions may not protect our systems
 from
 compromises or breaches of our security measures that could result in damage
 to
 our reputation and our business. Additionally, we outsource our data processing
 to a third party. If our third party provider encounters difficulties or if
 we
 have difficulty in communicating with such third party, it will significantly
 affect our ability to adequately process and account for customer transactions,
 which would significantly affect our business operations.

 -25-

 Index

Provisions
 of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law, as well as state
 and federal banking regulations, could delay or prevent a takeover of us by
 a
 third party.

Provisions
 in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the corporate law of the State
 of Delaware, and state and federal regulations could delay, defer or prevent
 a
 third party from acquiring us, despite the possible benefit to our stockholders,
 or otherwise adversely affect the price of our common stock. These provisions
 include: limitations on voting rights of beneficial owners of more than 10%
 of
 our common stock, supermajority voting requirements for certain business
 combinations; the election of directors to staggered terms of three years;
 and
 advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of
 directors and for proposing matters that stockholders may act on at stockholder
 meetings. In addition, we are subject to Delaware laws, including one that
 prohibits us from engaging in a business combination with any interested
 stockholder for a period of three years from the date the person became an
 interested stockholder unless certain conditions are met. These provisions
 may
 discourage potential takeover attempts, discourage bids for our common stock
 at
 a premium over market price or adversely affect the market price of, and the
 voting and other rights of the holders of, our common stock. These provisions
 could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and
 other stockholders to elect directors other than the candidates nominated by
 our
 Board.

Goodwill

Our
 acquisitions have resulted in significant goodwill, which if it becomes impaired
 would be required to be written down, which would negatively impact
 earnings.

We
 acquired Factory Point Bancorp, Inc. in 2007, and Woronoco Bancorp in 2005
 and
 have purchased insurance and financial planning businesses in the last two
 years, including the five insurance agencies we acquired on October 31, 2006.
 We
 will pursue additional opportunities for acquisitions in the future, including
 acquisitions in adjacent states. The success of acquisitions depends on many
 factors, including the long term retention of key personnel and acquired
 customer relationships. We recorded goodwill and other intangible assets in
 conjunction with the Factory Point Bancorp acquisition, Woronoco Bancorp
 acquisition, and the acquisition of five insurance agencies and such assets
 may
 be recorded in future acquisitions. If these assets were to become impaired,
 we
 would be required to write them down.

Trading

The
 trading history of our common stock is characterized by low trading
 volume.  The value of your investment may be subject to sudden
 decreases due to the volatility of the price of our common stock.

Our
 common stock trades on The NASDAQ Global Select Market. The average daily
 trading volume of our common stock was approximately 62,450 shares. We cannot
 predict the extent to which investor interest in us will lead to a more active
 trading market in our common stock or how liquid that market might become.
 A
 public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity
 and
 orderliness depends upon the presence in the marketplace of willing buyers
 and
 sellers of our common stock at any given time, which presence is dependent
 upon
 the individual decisions of investors, over which we have no
 control.

The
 market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and subject to wide
 fluctuations in response to numerous factors, including, but not limited to,
 the
 factors discussed in other risk factors and the following:

·      actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;

·      changes
 in interest rates;

·      changes
 in the legal or regulatory environment in which we operate;

 ·

 press
 releases, announcements or publicity relating to us or our competitors
 or
 relating to trends in our industry;

 ·

 changes
 in expectations as to our future financial performance, including
 financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts and
 investors;

 -26-

 Index

 ·

 future
 sales of our common stock;

·      changes
 in economic conditions in our marketplace, general conditions in the U.S.
 economy, financial markets or the banking industry; and

·      other
 developments affecting our competitors or us.

These
 factors may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, regardless
 of our actual operating performance, and could prevent you from selling your
 common stock at the price you desire.  In addition, the stock markets,
 from time to time, experience extreme price and volume fluctuations that may
 be
 unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies. These
 broad fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock,
 regardless of our trading performance. In the past, stockholders often have
 brought securities class action litigation against a company following periods
 of volatility in the market price of their securities. We may be the target
 of
 similar litigation in the future, which could result in substantial costs and
 divert management’s attention and resources.