An
 investment in the Company’s common stock involves certain risks. To understand
 these risks and to evaluate an investment in the Company’s common stock, you
 should read this entire report, including the following risk
 factors.

Berkshire
 Bank’s emphasis on commercial and consumer lending may expose it to increased
 lending risks. Both commercial loans and consumer loans are more sensitive
 to
 economic downturns and the possible impact of higher interest rates. Such
 sensitivity includes potentially higher default rates and possible diminution
 of
 collateral values. Additionally, commercial loans typically involve larger
 loan
 balances and larger relationship exposures. Commercial lending also involves
 more development financing, which is dependent on the future success of new
 operations. In expanding into new commercial lending markets, the Bank will
 have
 less knowledge and experience with local conditions, compared to its traditional
 markets, which could affect the success of its underwriting and loan
 collections. In conducting its lending activities, the Bank generally avoids
 lending practices identified as high risk by bank regulators, as well as lending
 concentrations that would be viewed as high risk under regulatory
 guidelines. 

The
 Company’s geographic expansion and growth, if not successful, could negatively
 impact earnings. The Company plans to achieve significant growth both
 organically and through acquisitions. It has recently expanded into new
 geographic markets and anticipates that it will expand into additional new
 geographic markets as it transforms itself into a regional bank. The success
 of
 this expansion will depend on the acceptance by customers of the Company and
 its
 services in these new markets. Additionally, the profitability of Berkshire
 Bank’s expansion strategy will depend on whether the income it generates in the
 new markets will offset the increased expenses of operating a larger entity
 with
 increased personnel, more branch locations and additional product offerings.
 Berkshire Bank expects that it may take a period of time before certain of
 its
 new branches can become profitable, especially in areas in which Berkshire
 Bank
 does not have an established physical presence. During this period, operating
 these new branches may negatively impact net income. Additionally, in connection
 with the Company’s expansion, the Company will need to increase its operational
 and financial procedures, systems and controls. If the Company has difficulty
 in
 doing so, it could harm the Company’s business, results of operations and
 financial condition.

The
 Company acquired Woronoco Bancorp, Inc. in 2005, and has purchased insurance
 and
 financial planning businesses in the last two years. The Company will pursue
 additional opportunities for acquisitions in the future, including acquisitions
 in adjacent states. The success of acquisitions depends on many factors,
 including the long term retention of acquired customer relationships. The
 Company recorded goodwill and other intangible assets in conjunction with the
 Woronoco acquisition, and such assets may be recorded in future acquisitions.
 If
 these investments were to become impaired, the Company would be required to
 write them down.

 Back
 to Index

 -17-

The
 Company is subject to risks which are common to its industry. Large changes
 in
 market interest rates can compress its margins and make its asset and liability
 management less reliable. A downturn in the local economy or a decline in real
 estate values could hurt the Company’s profits. Most of the Bank’s loans are
 secured by real estate. In recent years, there has been a significant increase
 in real estate values in the Bank’s market areas. A decline in real estate
 values could expose the Company to a greater risk of loss. Additionally, strong
 competition within the Bank’s market area could hurt the Company’s profit and
 growth. Berkshire Bank faces intense competition both in making loans and
 attracting deposits. Some competitors have substantially greater resources
 and
 lending limits than it has and may offer services that Berkshire Bank does
 not
 provide. Competition will likely increase in the future as a result of
 legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continuing trend
 of
 consolidation in the financial services industry. The Company’s profitability
 depends on the Bank’s continued ability to compete successfully in its market
 area.

Berkshire
 Bank and the Company operate in a highly regulated environment and may be
 adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations. The Company is subject
 to
 extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the Office of Thrift
 Supervision, its chartering authority, and Berkshire Bank is subject to
 extensive supervision and examination by the Massachusetts Division of Banks,
 its chartering authority, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, as
 insurer of Berkshire Bank’s deposits. Such regulations and supervision govern
 the activities in which an institution and its holding company may engage,
 and
 are intended primarily for the protection of the insurance fund and depositors.
 Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in their supervisory and
 enforcement activities, including the imposition of restrictions

on
 operations, the classification of assets and determination of the level of
 allowance for loan losses. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether
 in the form of regulatory policy, regulations, legislation or supervisory claim
 may have a material impact on Berkshire Bank’s operations. The Company primarily
 depends on the Bank for dividends as a source of funds to service its
 indebtedness and to pay dividends to shareholders. Such dividends may be
 restricted or prohibited by regulatory authorities.