Overall Business Risks

The Company’s Business May Be Adversely Affected by Conditions in the Financial Markets and
Economic Conditions Generally and Locally

The world economy has experienced a severe recession and financial crisis, which was particularly
acute in the United States. Financial and economic stabilization emerged in the second half of
2009, but excess leverage and unemployment continue to pose risk to growth and to stability.
Business activity across a wide range of industries and regions is greatly reduced and local
governments and many businesses are in serious difficulty due to declines in revenues, the lack of
consumer spending and the lack of liquidity in the credit markets. Real estate values and the
values of many asset classes remain well below prior peaks. The northeastern region in which the
Company operates historically is late into and out of recessions, and current economic forecasts
for the region indicate that the region will lag the nation in recovery. While the region was not
hampered by the development excesses in many other U.S. regions and does not have the same
pronounced real estate overhangs, the region has higher costs and less favorable demographics than
many other U.S. regions, and is therefore potentially slower to respond to growth factors. There
can be no assurance that economic and financial conditions will improve in the near term. Such
conditions could adversely affect the credit quality of the Company’s loans, results of operations
and financial condition.

Lending

Continued and Prolonged Deterioration in the Housing Sector, Commercial Real Estate, and Related
Markets May Adversely Affect Our Business and Financial Results.

Residential real estate markets have declined throughout the country, with prices in many areas
have declined to levels last seen in 2003. Commercial real estate values are also widely reported
to be under pressure. Real estate activity is depressed in many of the Company’s markets. Real
estate lending is a major business activity for the Company, and 85% of the Company’s loans were
real estate secured at year-end 2009. Real estate market conditions affect the value and
marketability of this real estate collateral, and they also affect the cash flows, liquidity, and
net worth of many borrowers whose operations and finances depend on real estate market conditions.
Adverse conditions in our market areas could reduce our growth rate, affect the ability of our
customers to repay their loans and generally affect our financial condition and results of
operations.

Our Emphasis on Commercial Lending May Expose Us to Increased Lending Risks, Which Could Hurt Our
Profits.

Commercial loans are historically more sensitive to economic downturns. Such sensitivity includes
potentially higher default rates and possible reduction of collateral values. Commercial lending
involves larger loan sizes and larger relationship exposures, which can have a greater impact on
profits in the event of adverse loan performance. The majority of the Company’s commercial loans
are real estate secured, and the national outlook for commercial real estate is an ongoing source
of concern among bank regulators. Commercial lending involves more development financing, which is
dependent on the future success of new operations. Residential construction loans depend
significantly on the residential real estate and lending markets for the repayment of these loans.
Commercial loans also include lending to nonprofit organizations which in some cases are
particularly sensitive to negative economic events. Additionally, the Company has a significant
exposure to loans in the lodging and hospitality sectors which are prominent in some of its
markets, and these sectors have been pressured by the recession.
Lodging loans totaled $128 million at year-end 2009. Commercial loan net charge-offs
measured 86% of total loan net charge-offs in 2009, while commercial loans totaled 53% of total
loans. Commercial loans may increase as a percentage of total loans, and commercial lending may
continue to expose the company to increased risks.

- 27 -

Table of Contents

Our Allowance for Loan Losses May Prove to be Insufficient to Absorb Losses in Our Loan Portfolio.

Like all financial institutions, we maintain an allowance for loan losses which is our estimate of
the probable losses that are inherent in the loan portfolio as of the financial statement date.
However, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover actual loan losses, and
future provisions for loan losses could materially and adversely affect our operating results. The
accounting measurements related to impairment and the loan loss allowance require significant
estimates which are subject to uncertainty and changes relating to new information and changing
circumstances. Our estimates of the risk of loss and amount of loss on any loan are complicated by
the significant uncertainties surrounding our borrowers’ abilities to successfully execute their
business models through changing economic environments, competitive challenges and other factors.
Because of the degree of uncertainty and susceptibility of these factors to change, our actual
losses may vary from our current estimates. In 2009, the total amount of net charge-offs exceeded
the balance of the allowance for loan losses at the start of the year. This reflected the
development of additional loan losses during the year as the severe recession affected the
financial condition of borrowers and the value of collateral beyond what was inherent in the
portfolio at year-end 2008. Continued adverse economic and market conditions could give rise to
future loan losses which were not inherent in the portfolio at year-end 2009, which could require
additional future charges to income. Additionally, the allowance can only reflect those losses
which are reasonably estimable, and there are constraints in our ability to estimate losses in this
period of unusual economic and financial stress. This is particularly relevant for our estimates
of losses for pools of loans. Accordingly, at any time, there may be probable losses inherent in
the portfolio but which we are not reasonably able to estimate until additional information emerges
which can form the basis for a reasonable estimate.

State and federal regulators, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review
our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses by
recognizing additional provisions for loan losses charged to expense, or to decrease our allowance
for loan losses by recognizing loan charge-offs, net of recoveries. Any such additional provisions
for loan losses or charge-offs, as required by these regulatory agencies, could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Operating

Our Expansion and Growth, If Not Successful, Could Negatively Impact Earnings.

We plan to achieve significant growth organically, by geographic expansion, through business line
expansion, and through acquisitions. We have recently expanded into new geographic markets and
anticipate that we will expand into additional new geographic markets as we expand as a regional
bank. The success of this expansion depends on our ability to continue to maintain and develop an
infrastructure appropriate to support such growth. Also, our success depends on the acceptance by
customers of us and our services in these new markets and, in the case of expansion through
acquisitions, our success depends on many factors, including the long-term recruitment and
retention of key personnel and acquired customer relationships. The profitability of our expansion
strategy also depends on whether the income we generate in the new markets will offset the
increased expenses of operating a larger entity with increased personnel, more branch locations and
additional product offerings.

In 2009, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire a community bank headquartered in
Worcester, Massachusetts. This agreement was subsequently terminated following additional
unsolicited offers from other entities. The Company continues to identify and evaluate
opportunities to expand through acquisition of banks, insurance agencies, and wealth management
firms. Some of these opportunities could result in further geographic expansion. Merger and
acquisition activities are subject to a number of risks, including lending, operating, and
integration risks.

In the fourth quarter of 2009, we announced our expansion into commercial middle market asset based
lending through the recruitment of an experienced and well known lending team. After the end of
the year, we also announced the recruitment of a new Chief Risk Officer, whose experience includes
the management of asset based lending activities. We believe that we are well positioned to take
on this new business activity, but it exposes the Company to new lending and administrative risks
that it has not previously managed. Additionally, this new business activity will be located in
the Greater Boston area and will serve a commercial middle market throughout
New England and northeastern New York. This will represent a significant new activity which
operates from a geographically separate location and which services a larger lending area than the
Company has previously serviced. This new business line exposes the Company to new lending and
operating risks which can affect its earnings and financial condition.

- 28 -

Table of Contents

The Company’s recruitment of new executive and commercial lending management has in several cases
brought in new management from larger institutions. These individuals have often served larger
customers than the Company has historically serviced, and they have had the benefit of larger
capital and administrative resources than are present in the Company’s current structure. The
success of this recruitment may depend on the successful integration of these individuals into the
Company and may expose the Company to lending and operating losses related to large new customers
in newer markets. The Company’s commercial banking strategy has particularly focused on taking
market share from larger national institutions and in many cases these new accounts are larger than
the Company’s historic accounts. Additionally, the Company’s ability to service these accounts may
in some cases involve arranging loan participations and syndications. These activities can expose
the Company to additional lending, administrative, and liquidity risks.

The Company also recruited a private banking team in 2009 and plans to focus on the development of
this business line in the future. This activity can give the Company additional access to large
customers in its markets in order to expand our business. The retention of this new business in
this business line and other new business lines and new leadership can be affected by the retention
of the new talent, and can also be affected by competitive reactions and other relationship risks
in retaining large new accounts.

Competition From Financial Institutions and Other Financial Service Providers May Adversely Affect
Our Growth and Profitability.

The banking business is highly competitive and we experience competition in each of our markets
from many other financial institutions. Due to the recent interventions of the federal
government, some of the institutions that we compete with are receiving substantial federal
financial support which may not be available to our Company. Many institutions have been allowed
to convert to banking charters and to offer insured deposits for the first time. The federal
government has guaranteed money market funds which traditionally compete with bank deposits. The
federal government has offered significant guarantees of new debt issuances to some of the
Company’s competitors to help them fund their operations. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are now in
federal receivership and may operate directly as a competitor in some lending markets in the
future. Emergency measures designed to support some of the Company’s competitors may provide no
advantage to the Company or place it at a disadvantage. Emergency changes in deposit insurance,
financial market regulation, bank regulation, and policy of the Federal Home Loan Bank system may
all affect the competitive environment for the Company and other market participants.

The Terms of Our Capital May Change and Our Access to Capital Markets and Financial Markets May Not
Be Available When It Is Needed.

We are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital
to support our operations. Regulatory capital requirements and their impact on the Company may
change. We may need to raise additional capital in the future to support our operations and
continued growth. Our ability to raise capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital
markets at that time, which are outside of our control, and on our financial performance. If we
cannot raise additional capital when needed, it could affect our operations and our ability to
execute our strategic plan, which includes further expanding our operations through internal growth
and acquisitions.

We are Subject to Security and Operational Risks Relating to Our Use of Technology that Could
Damage Our Reputation and Our Business.

Security breaches in our internet banking activities could expose us to possible liability and
damage our reputation. Any compromise of our security also could deter customers from using our
internet banking services that involve the transmission of confidential information. We rely on
industry standard internet security systems to provide the security and authentication necessary to
effect secure transmission of data. These precautions may not protect our systems from compromises
or breaches of our security measures that could result in damage to our reputation and
our business. We utilize third party core banking software and for some systems we outsource our
data processing to a third party. If our third party providers encounter difficulties or if we have
difficulty in communicating with such third parties, it could significantly affect our ability to
adequately process and account for customer transactions, which could significantly affect our
business operations. We utilize file encryption in designated internal systems and networks and
are subject to certain state and federal regulations regarding how we manage the security of the
data that we are responsible for. Due to the recession, there may be a rising risk of fraud or
illegal acts. Disaster and disaster recovery risks could affect our ability to operate and our
reputation.

- 29 -

Table of Contents

Conditions in Insurance Markets Could Adversely Affect Our Earnings.

Revenue levels from our insurance segment could be negatively impacted by the fluctuating premiums
in the insurance market caused by capacity constraints and losses due to natural disasters.
Premium levels and commission structures have been and may continue to be affected by changes in
the financial condition of insurers due to the financial and economic downturn. Other factors that
affect our insurance revenue are profitability and growth of our clients and continued development
of new products and services, as well as our access to markets and the impact of state insurance
regulations.

Financial and Operating Counterparties Expose Us to Risks

We have increased our use of derivative financial instruments, primarily interest rate swaps, which
expose us to financial and contractual risks with counterparty banks. We maintain correspondent
bank relationships, manage certain loan participations, engage in securities transactions, and
engage in other activities with financial counterparties that are customary to our industry. We
also utilize services from major vendors of technology, telecommunications, and other essential
operating services. There is financial and operating risk in these relationships, which we seek
to manage through internal controls and procedures, but there is no assurance that we could not
experience loss or interruption of our business as a result of unforeseen events with these
providers.

Liquidity

Our Wholesale Funding Sources May Prove Insufficient to Replace Deposits at Maturity and Support
Our Operations and Future Growth.

We must maintain sufficient funds to respond to the needs of depositors and borrowers. As a part of
our liquidity management, we use a number of funding sources in addition to core deposit growth and
repayments and maturities of loans and investments. As we continue to grow, we may become more
dependent on these sources, which include Federal Home Loan Bank advances, proceeds from the sale
of loans, and liquidity resources at the holding company. Our financial flexibility will be
severely constrained if we are unable to maintain our access to funding or if adequate financing is
not available to accommodate future growth at acceptable costs. Finally, if we are required to rely
more heavily on more expensive funding sources to support future growth, our revenues may not
increase proportionately to cover our costs. In this case, our operating margins and profitability
would be adversely affected.

Lack of Consumer Confidence in Financial Institutions May Decrease Our Level of Deposits.

Our level of deposits may be affected by lack of consumer confidence in financial institutions,
which have caused fewer depositors to be willing to maintain deposits that are not insured by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. That may cause depositors to withdraw deposits and place
them in other institutions or to invest uninsured funds in investments perceived as being more
secure, such as securities issued by the U.S. Treasury. These consumer preferences may cause us to
be forced to pay higher interest rates to retain deposits and may constrain liquidity as we seek to
meet funding needs caused by reduced deposit levels. We utilize insurance from the Depositors
Insurance Fund to supplement FDIC insurance, and the level of deposits could be affected by changes
in this fund and in public perceptions of this fund.

Our Ability to Service Our Debt, Pay Dividends and Otherwise Pay Our Obligations as They Come Due
Is
Substantially Dependent on Capital Distributions from Berkshire Bank, and These Distributions Are
Subject to Regulatory Limits and Other Restrictions.

While Berkshire Hills Bancorp maintained a high level of cash balances at year-end 2009, those
balances may decrease due to changes in the Company’s capital structure, possible acquisitions, and
possible further investments in the Bank. Over the long term, a substantial source of our income
from which we service our debt, pay our obligations and from which we can pay dividends is the
receipt of dividends from Berkshire Bank. The availability of dividends from Berkshire Bank is
limited by various statutes and regulations. It is possible, depending upon the financial condition
of Berkshire Bank, and other factors, that the applicable regulatory authorities could assert that
payment of dividends or other payments is an unsafe or unsound practice. If Berkshire Bank is
unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to service our debt, pay our obligations or pay
dividends on our common stock. The inability to receive dividends from Berkshire Bank would
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. At
year-end 2009, under existing dividend regulations, Berkshire Bank was not eligible to provide
dividends to the Company due to the loss incurred during the year. We anticipate that as a result
of future profits, the Bank will regain its eligibility to pay dividends to the Company, but there
is no assurance as the specific timing and magnitude of this event.

- 30 -

Table of Contents

Economic Conditions May Adversely Affect Our Liquidity.

During the past eighteen months, reduced confidence by and between financial institutions, and
significant declines in the values of mortgage-backed securities and derivative securities by
financial institutions, government sponsored entities, and major commercial and investment banks
have led to decreased liquidity in financial markets among borrowers, lenders, and depositors, as
well as disruption and extreme volatility in the capital and credit markets and the failure of some
entities in the financial sector. As a result, many lenders and institutional investors have
reduced or ceased to provide funding to borrowers. Future turbulence in the capital and credit
markets may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and the willingness of certain
counterparties and customers to do business with us.

Interest Rates

Changes in Interest Rates Could Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition.

Net interest income is our largest source of income. Changes in interest rates can affect the
level of net interest income. The Company’s interest rate sensitivity is discussed in more detail
in Item 7A of this report. We principally manage interest rate risk by managing our volume and mix
of our earning assets and funding liabilities. In a changing interest rate environment, we may not
be able to manage this risk effectively. If we are unable to manage interest rate risk effectively,
our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed. Changes in
interest rates can also affect the demand for our products and services, and the supply conditions
in the U.S. financial and capital markets. Changes in the level of interest rates may negatively
affect our ability to originate real estate loans, the value of our assets and our ability to
realize gains from the sale of our assets, all of which ultimately affect our earnings.

Securities Market Values

Continued or Further Declines in the Value of Certain Investment Securities Could Require
Write-Downs, Which Would Reduce Our Earnings.

Unrealized losses on the investment securities portfolio result from changes in credit spreads and
liquidity issues in the marketplace, along with changes in the credit profile of individual
securities issuers. We have concluded that, as of year-end 2009, any unrealized losses are
temporary in nature, and we have the intent and ability to hold these investments for a time
necessary to recover our cost or stated maturity (at which time, full payment is expected).
However, a continued decline in the value of these securities or other factors could result in an
other-than-temporary impairment write-down which would reduce our earnings. Some of the Bank’s
securities are locally originated economic development bonds. These securities could become
impaired due to economic and real estate
market conditions which also affect loan risk.

If Dividends Paid On Our Investment in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston Continue to be
Suspended, or If Our Investment is Classified as Other-Than-Temporarily Impaired or as Permanently
Impaired, Our Earnings and/or Stockholders’ Equity Could Decrease.

We own common stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston to qualify for membership in the
Federal Home Loan Bank System and to be eligible to borrow funds under the FHLBB’s advance program.
There is no market for our FHLBB common stock. The FHLBB has reported losses in 2008 and 2009
related primarily to other-than-temporary impairment charges on its private-label mortgage backed
securities portfolio. The FHLBB suspended dividend payments indefinitely. The continued
suspension of the dividend has decreased our income. In an extreme situation, it is possible that
the capitalization of a Federal Home Loan Bank, including the FHLBB, could be substantially
diminished or reduced to zero. Consequently, we believe that there is a risk that our investment in
FHLBB common stock could be deemed other-than-temporarily impaired at some time in the future, and
if this occurs, it would cause our earnings and stockholders’ equity to decrease by the after-tax
amount of the impairment charge.

- 31 -

Table of Contents

Regulatory

Legislative and Regulatory Initiatives

The potential exists for additional federal or state laws and regulations regarding lending,
funding practices, capital, and liquidity standards, and bank regulatory agencies are expected to
be more active in responding to concerns and trends identified in examinations, including the
expected issuance of many formal enforcement orders. In addition, new laws, regulations, and other
regulatory changes may also increase our costs of regulatory compliance and of doing business, and
otherwise affect our operations. New laws, regulations, and other regulatory changes, along with
negative developments in the financial industry and the domestic and international credit markets,
may significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the markets for and value of our
loans and investments, and our ongoing operations, costs and profitability. For more information,
see “Regulation and Supervision” in Item 1 of this report.

Our Expenses Will Increase As A Result Of Increases in FDIC Insurance Premiums.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) imposes an assessment against financial
institutions for deposit insurance. The FDIC has increased its premiums to the industry, levied a
special assessment in the second quarter of 2009, and required a three year advance prepayment of
insurance premiums in the second half of 2009. Our expenses have increased and may increase
further as a result of FDIC actions. For more information on FDIC assessments, see “Regulation and
Supervision—Insurance of Deposit Accounts”.

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware law, as well as state and
federal banking regulations, could delay or prevent a takeover of us by a third party.

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the corporate law of the State of
Delaware, and state and federal regulations could delay, defer or prevent a third party from
acquiring us, despite the possible benefit to our stockholders, or otherwise adversely affect the
price of our common stock. These provisions include: limitations on voting rights of beneficial
owners of more than 10% of our common stock, super majority voting requirements for certain business
combinations; the election of directors to staggered terms of three years; and advance notice
requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors and for proposing matters that
stockholders may act on at stockholder meetings. In addition, we are subject to Delaware laws,
including one that prohibits us from engaging in a business combination with any interested
stockholder for a period of three years from the date the person became an interested stockholder
unless certain conditions are met. These provisions may discourage potential takeover attempts,
discourage bids for our common stock at a premium over market price or adversely affect the market
price of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of, our common stock. These provisions
could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to
elect directors other than the candidates nominated by our Board.

Goodwill

Our Acquisitions Have Resulted in Significant Goodwill, Which if it Becomes Impaired Would be
Required to be Written Down, Which Would Negatively Impact Earnings.

The initial recording and subsequent impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets
requires subjective judgments about the estimates of the fair value of assets acquired. Factors
that may significantly affect the estimates include specific industry or market sector conditions,
changes in revenue growth trends, customer behavior, competitive forces, cost structures and
changes in discount rates. It is possible that future impairment testing could result in an
impairment of the value of goodwill or intangible assets, or both. If we determine impairment
exists at a given point in time, our earnings and the book value of the related intangible asset(s)
will be reduced by the amount of the impairment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the results of
impairment testing on goodwill and core deposit intangible assets have no impact on our tangible
book value or regulatory capital levels. These are non-GAAP financial measures. They are not a
substitute for GAAP measures and should only be considered in conjunction with the Company’s GAAP
financial information.

- 32 -

Table of Contents

Trading

The Trading History of Our Common stock is Characterized by Low Trading Volume. The Value of Your
Investment May be Subject to Sudden Decreases Due to the Volatility of the Price of our Common
Stock.

Our common stock trades on The NASDAQ Global Select Market. The average daily trading volume of
our common stock during 2009 was approximately 50 thousand shares. The level of interest and
trading in our stock depends on many factors beyond our control. The market price of our common
stock may be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to numerous factors,
including, but not limited to, the factors discussed in other risk factors and the following:

•

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;

•

changes in interest rates;

•

changes in the legal or regulatory environment in which we operate;

•

press releases, announcements or publicity relating to us or our competitors or
relating to trends in our industry;

•

changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial
estimates or recommendations by securities analysts and investors;

•

future sales of our common stock;

•

changes in economic conditions in our marketplace, general conditions in the U.S.
economy, financial markets or the banking industry; and

•

other developments affecting our competitors or us.

These factors may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, regardless of our actual
operating performance, and could prevent you from selling your common stock at the price you
desire. In addition, the stock markets, from time to time, experience extreme price and volume
fluctuations that may be unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies.
These broad fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of
our trading performance. In the past, stockholders sometimes have brought securities class action
litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of their
securities. We could be the target of similar litigation in the future, which could result in
substantial costs and divert management’s attention and resources.