, for additional discussion. 

We
believe we can continue to reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions in cost effective ways that deliver value to our shareholders, customers, employees and the communities we serve, whether
it's in our own internal operations or through our work to connect customers with more energy efficient solutions. 

 Number of Employees 

At the end of fiscal 2011, we employed approximately 180,000 full-time, part-time and seasonal employees worldwide. We consider our employee relations
to be good. We offer our employees a wide array of company-paid benefits that vary within our company due to customary local practices and statutory requirements, which we believe are competitive in
the aggregate relative to others in our industry. 

 Financial Information About Geographic Areas 

We operate two reportable segments: Domestic and International. Financial information regarding the Domestic and International geographic areas is
included in Item 7, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

, and Note 12, 
Segment and Geographic
Information

, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, 
Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data

, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 Available Information 

We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and its rules and regulations. The Exchange Act requires us to file reports, proxy
statements and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Copies of these reports, proxy statements and other information can be read and copied at: 

SEC
Public Reference Room
100 F Street NE

Washington, D.C. 20549 

13

Table of Contents

Information
on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains a Web site that contains reports,
proxy statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. These materials may be obtained electronically by accessing the SEC's Web site at 
www.sec.gov

. 

We
make available, free of charge on our Web site, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K
and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these documents with,
or furnish them to, the SEC. These documents are posted on our Web site at 
www.bby.com

 — select the "Investor Relations" link and then
the "SEC Filings" link. 

We
also make available, free of charge on our Web site, the Corporate Governance Principles of our Board of Directors ("Board") and our Code of Business Ethics (including any amendment to, or waiver
from, a provision of our Code of Business Ethics) adopted by our Board, as well as the charters of all of our Board's committees: Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Resources Committee, Finance
and Investment Policy Committee, Global Strategy Committee and Nominating, Corporate Governance and Public Policy Committee. These documents are posted on our Web site at 
www.bby.com

 — select
the "Investor Relations" link and then the "Corporate Governance" link. 

Copies
of any of the above-referenced documents will also be made available, free of charge, upon written request to: 

Best Buy
Co., Inc.
Investor Relations Department

7601 Penn Avenue South

Richfield, MN 55423-3645 

. 

Described below are certain risks that our management believes are applicable to our business and the industry in which we operate. There may be
additional risks that are not presently material or known. You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all other information set forth in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

If
any of the events described below occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or access to the capital markets could be materially adversely affected. The following
risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and from results predicted by forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf related to conditions or
events that we anticipate may occur in the future. The following risks should not be construed as an exhaustive list of all factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. All forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf are qualified by the risks described below. 

Economic conditions in the U.S. and key international markets, a decline in consumer discretionary spending or other conditions may materially adversely impact our operating
results. 

We sell certain products and services that consumers may view as discretionary items rather than necessities. As a result, our results of operations tend to be more sensitive to
changes in macroeconomic conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. Challenging macroeconomic conditions also impact our customers' ability to obtain consumer credit
in a timely manner, if at all. Other factors, including consumer confidence, employment levels, interest rates, tax rates, consumer debt levels, and fuel and energy costs could reduce consumer
spending or change consumer purchasing habits. In the past three fiscal years, many of these factors adversely affected consumer spending and, consequently, our business and results of operations. A
slowdown in the U.S. or global economy, or an uncertain economic outlook, could materially adversely affect consumer spending habits and our operating results in the future. 

The
domestic and international political situation also affects consumer confidence. The threat or outbreak of domestic or international terrorism or other hostilities could lead to a decrease in
consumer spending. Any of these events and factors 

14

Table of Contents

could
cause a decrease in revenue or an increase in inventory markdowns or certain operating expenses, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

Other
conditions or factors that may impact our results of operations include disruptions to the availability of content such as sporting events or other televised content. Such disruptions may
influence the demand for hardware that our customers purchase to access such content, as well as the commissions we receive from subscription services. Accordingly, such disruptions could cause a
material adverse effect on our revenue and results of operations. 

If we do not anticipate and respond to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner, our operating results could materially suffer. 

Our business depends, in large part, on our ability to successfully introduce new products, services and technologies to consumers, the frequency of such introductions, the
level of consumer acceptance, and the related impact on the demand for existing products, services and technologies. Failure to accurately predict constantly changing consumer tastes, preferences,
spending patterns and other lifestyle decisions, or to effectively address consumer concerns, could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations and reputation with our
customers. 

Our results of operations could materially deteriorate if we fail to attract, develop and retain qualified employees. 

Our performance is dependent on attracting and retaining qualified employees who are able to meet the wants and needs of our customers. We believe our competitive advantage is
providing unique end-to-end solutions for each individual customer, which requires us to have highly trained and engaged employees. Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract, develop and
retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, including store, service and administrative personnel. The turnover rate in the retail industry is high, and qualified individuals of the requisite
caliber and number needed to fill these positions may be in short supply in some areas. Our inability to recruit a sufficient number of qualified individuals in the future may delay planned openings
of new stores or affect the speed with which we expand initiatives related to the connected world, our exclusive brands and our international operations. Delayed store openings, significant increases
in employee turnover rates or significant increases in labor costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We face strong competition from traditional store-based retailers, internet-based businesses, our vendors and other forms of retail commerce, which could materially adversely
affect our revenue and profitability. 

The retail business is highly competitive. We compete for customers, employees, locations, products and other important aspects of our business with many other local, regional,
national and international retailers, as well as our vendors who offer their products and services direct to the consumer. Pressure from our competitors, some of which have greater market presence and
financial resources than we do, could require us to reduce our prices or increase our costs of doing business. Furthermore, our business model includes offering our customers packaged value
propositions that take the complexity out of managing devices, content and connectivity. Some of our vendors also continue to interact directly with customers by embedding their services into the
products we sell. As a result of this competition and potential product disintermediation, we may experience lower revenue and/or higher operating costs, which could materially adversely affect our
results of operations. 

Our results of operations could materially deteriorate if we fail to maintain positive brand perception and recognition. 

We operate a global portfolio of brands with a commitment to customer service and innovation. We believe that recognition and the reputation of our brands continue to drive our
growth. Damage to the perception or reputation of our brands could result in declines in customer loyalty, lower employee morale and productivity concerns, and vendor relationship issues, and could
ultimately have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

15

Table of Contents

The failure to control our costs could have a material adverse impact on our profitability. 

Consumer spending remains uncertain, which makes it more challenging for us to maintain or grow our operating income rate. As a result, we must continue to control our expense
structure. Failure to manage our labor and benefit rates, advertising and marketing expenses, operating lease costs, other store expenses or indirect spending could delay or prevent us from achieving
increased profitability or otherwise have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 

Our liquidity may be materially adversely affected by constraints in the capital markets. 

We must have sufficient sources of liquidity to fund our working capital requirements, service our outstanding indebtedness and finance investment opportunities. Without
sufficient liquidity, we could be forced to curtail our operations or we may not be able to pursue promising business opportunities. The principal sources of our liquidity are funds generated from
operating activities, available cash and cash equivalents, and borrowings under credit facilities and other debt financings. 

If
our sources of liquidity do not satisfy our requirements, we may have to seek additional financing. The future availability of financing will depend on a variety of factors, such as economic and
market conditions, the availability of credit and our credit ratings, as well as the possibility that lenders could develop a negative perception of us or the retail industry generally. If required,
we may not be able to obtain additional financing, on favorable terms, or at all. 

Changes in our credit ratings may limit our access to capital markets and materially increase our borrowing costs. 

In fiscal 2011, Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor's Ratings Services maintained their ratings and outlook of our debt securities at above investment
grade level, while Fitch Ratings Ltd. reaffirmed its rating of our debt securities as BBB+ but raised its outlook to stable. Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2011, Fitch Ratings Ltd. reaffirmed its
rating of our debt securities, but revised its outlook to negative. 

Future
downgrades to our long-term credit ratings and outlook could negatively impact our access to the capital markets and the perception of us by lenders and other third parties. Our credit ratings
are based upon information furnished by us or obtained by a rating agency from its own sources and are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by one or more rating agencies at any time. Rating
agencies may review the ratings assigned to us due to developments that are beyond our control, including as a result of new standards requiring the agencies to re-assess rating practices
and methodologies. 

Any
downgrade to our debt securities may result in higher interest costs for certain of our credit facilities and other debt financings, and could result in higher interest costs on future financings.
Further, in the event of such a downgrade, we may not be able to obtain additional financing, if necessary, on favorable terms, or at all. 

Our growth is dependent on the success of our strategies. 

Our growth is dependent on our ability to identify, develop and execute our strategies. Our failure to properly deploy and utilize capital and other resources may adversely
affect our initiatives designed to assist our customers connect to a digital lifestyle, while expanding our footprint globally. While we believe our customer centricity and connected world
initiatives, as well as the pursuit of international growth opportunities, will enable us to grow our business, misjudgments or flaws in our execution could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our growth strategy includes expanding our business by opening stores in both existing markets and new markets. 

Our future growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to build, buy or lease new stores. We compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores.
Local land use, local zoning issues, environmental regulations and other regulations applicable to the types of stores we desire to construct may impact our ability to find suitable locations, and
also influence the cost of building, buying and leasing our stores. We also may have difficulty negotiating real estate purchase agreements and leases on acceptable terms. Failure to manage
effectively these and other similar factors will affect our ability to build, buy and lease new stores, which may have a material adverse effect on our future profitability. 

16

Table of Contents

We
may seek to expand our business in existing markets in order to attain a greater overall market share. Because our stores typically draw customers from their local areas, a new store may draw
customers away from our nearby existing stores and may cause customer traffic and comparable store sales performance to decline at those existing stores. 

We
also open stores in new markets from time to time. The risks associated with entering a new market include difficulties in attracting customers where there is a lack of customer familiarity with
our brands, our lack of familiarity with local customer preferences, seasonal differences in the market and our ability to obtain the necessary governmental approvals. In addition, entry into new
markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with a large, established market presence. We cannot ensure that our new stores will be profitably deployed. As
a result, our future profitability may be materially adversely affected. 

Failure in our pursuit or execution of new business ventures, strategic alliances and acquisitions could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Our growth strategy also includes expansion via new business ventures, strategic alliances and acquisitions. Assessing a potential growth opportunity involves extensive due
diligence. However, the amount of information we can obtain about a potential growth opportunity may be limited, and we can give no assurance that new business ventures, strategic alliances and
acquisitions will positively affect our financial performance or will perform as planned. Integrating new businesses, stores and concepts can be a difficult task. Cultural differences in some markets
into which we expand or into which we introduce new retail concepts may result in customers in those markets being less receptive than originally anticipated. These types of transactions may divert
our capital and our management's attention from other business issues and opportunities. Further, implementing new strategic alliances or business ventures may also impair our relationships with our
vendors or strategic partners. We may not be able to successfully assimilate or integrate companies that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations and general
operating procedures. We may also encounter challenges in achieving appropriate internal control over financial reporting in connection with the integration of an acquired company. If we fail to
assimilate or integrate acquired companies successfully, our business, reputation and operating results could suffer materially. Likewise, our failure to integrate and manage acquired companies
successfully may lead to impairment of the associated goodwill and intangible asset balances. 

Failure to protect the integrity, security and use of our customers' information and media could expose us to litigation and materially damage our standing with our customers. 

The use of individually identifiable data by our business and our business associates is regulated at the state, federal and international levels. Increasing costs associated
with information security — such as increased investment in technology, the costs of compliance with consumer protection laws and costs resulting from consumer
fraud — could cause our business and results of operations to suffer materially. Additionally, the success of our online operations depends upon the secure transmission of
confidential information over public networks, including the use of cashless payments. While we have taken significant steps to protect customer and confidential information, there can be no assurance
that advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments will prevent the compromise of our customer transaction processing capabilities and personal
data. If any such compromise of our security were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, operating results and financial condition. Any compromise of our data security
may materially increase the costs we incur to protect against such breaches and could subject us to additional legal risk. 

Risks associated with the vendors from whom our products are sourced could materially adversely affect our revenue and gross profit. 

The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors. Our 20 largest suppliers account for just under 65% of the merchandise we purchase.
If any of our key vendors fails to supply us with products or continue to develop new technologies that create consumer demand, we may not be able to meet the demands of our customers and our revenue
could materially decline. We require all of our vendors to comply with applicable laws, 

17

Table of Contents

including
labor and environmental laws, and otherwise be certified as meeting our required vendor standards of conduct. Our ability to find qualified vendors who meet our standards and supply products
in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to goods sourced from outside the U.S. Political or financial instability, merchandise quality issues, product
safety concerns, trade restrictions, work stoppages, tariffs, foreign currency exchange rates, transportation capacity and costs, inflation, civil unrest, natural disasters, outbreaks of pandemics and
other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other issues affecting our vendors could materially adversely affect our revenue and gross profit. 

Our exclusive brands products are subject to several additional product, supply chain and legal risks, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Sales of our exclusive brands, which primarily include Insignia, Dynex, Init, Geek Squad and Rocketfish branded products, represent a growing component of our revenue. Most of
these products are manufactured under contract by vendors based in southeastern Asia. This arrangement exposes us to the following additional potential risks, which could materially adversely affect
our reputation, financial condition and operating results: 

•

We have greater exposure and responsibility to the consumer for warranty replacements and repairs as a result of product
defects, as we generally have no recourse to contracted manufacturers for such warranty liabilities; 

•

We may be subject to regulatory compliance and/or product liability claims relating to personal injury, death or property
damage caused by such products, some of which may require us to take significant actions such as product recalls; 

•

We may experience disruptions in the manufacturing or the logistics within the manufacturing environment in southeastern
Asia caused by inconsistent and unanticipated order patterns or if we are unable to develop long-term relationships with key factories; 

•

We are subject to developing and often-changing labor and environmental laws for the manufacture of products in foreign
countries and we may be unable to conform to new rules or interpretations in a timely manner; 

•

We may be subject to claims by technology owners if we inadvertently infringe upon their patents or other intellectual
property rights, or if we fail to pay royalties owed on our products; and 

•

We may be unable to obtain or adequately protect our patents and other intellectual property rights on our products, the
new features of our products and/or our processes. 

We are subject to certain statutory, regulatory and legal developments which could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Our statutory, regulatory and legal environment exposes us to complex compliance and litigation risks that could materially adversely affect our operations and financial
results. The most significant compliance and litigation risks we face are: 

•

The difficulty of complying with sometimes conflicting statutes and regulations in local, national or international
jurisdictions; 

•

The impact of new or changing statutes and regulations including, but not limited to, financial reform, environmental
requirements, labor reform, health care reform, corporate governance matters and/or other as yet unknown legislation, that could affect how we operate and execute our strategies as well as alter our
expense structure; 

•

The impact of changes in tax laws (or interpretations thereof by courts and taxing authorities) and accounting standards;
and 

•

The impact of litigation trends, including class action lawsuits involving consumers and shareholders, and labor and
employment matters. 

18

Table of Contents

Defending
against lawsuits and other proceedings may involve significant expense and divert management's attention and resources from other matters. 

Changes to the National Labor Relations Act or other labor-related statutes or regulations could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

The National Labor Relations Board is considering changes to labor regulations which could significantly impact the nature of labor relations in the U.S. and how union elections
and contract negotiations are conducted. At February 26, 2011, none of our U.S. stores had employees represented by labor unions or working under collective bargaining agreements. Changes in
labor-related statutes or regulations could make it easier for unions to be formed, and employers of newly unionized employees may face mandatory, binding arbitration of labor scheduling, costs and
standards, which could increase our costs of doing business and materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

Additional legislation or rulemaking relating to environmental matters, including but not limited to, energy emissions, could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Environmental legislation or rulemaking efforts could impose unexpected costs or impact us more directly than other companies due to our operations as a global consumer
electronics retailer with over 4,000 stores and 90 distribution centers worldwide. 

Specifically,
legislation that aims to control and reduce energy emissions has been considered by the U.S. Congress as well as governing bodies internationally, particularly in Europe. Should such
legislation pass, we anticipate that energy costs within our operations would increase such as the expense to power our stores. In addition, rulemaking is being
considered that could impose higher safety and compliance standards on transporting certain goods. Any significant rulemaking could increase the cost to transport our goods. Passage of any such
legislation or rulemaking could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

Regulatory developments in the U.S. could impact the promotional financing offers available to our credit card customers and have a material adverse impact on our revenue and
profitability

. 

We
offer promotional financing in the U.S. through credit cards issued by third party banks that manage and directly extend credit to our customers. The cardholders can receive low- or
no-interest promotional financing on qualifying purchases. Promotional financing credit card sales accounted for 18%, 17% and 18% of our Domestic segment's revenue in fiscal 2011, 2010 and
2009, respectively. 

Recent
economic developments, particularly in the financial markets, have resulted in increased legislative and regulatory actions affecting credit cards. Recently enacted legislative and regulatory
changes that focus on a variety of credit-related matters, such as the Credit Card Accountability, Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 ("Credit CARD Act"), included new rules and restrictions
affecting interest rates, penalties and fees, contract terms, credit limits, billing practices and payment application. While we believe that neither the Credit CARD Act nor other recently enacted
legislation or regulation related to credit matters have had a material adverse impact on our operations to date, if future legislative or regulatory restrictions or prohibitions arise that affect our
ability to offer promotional financing and we are unable to adjust our operations in a timely manner, our revenue and profitability may be materially adversely affected. 

Changes to our credit card agreements could adversely impact our ability to facilitate the provision of consumer credit to our customers and could materially adversely impact
our results of operations. 

We have agreements with third party banks for the issuance of promotional financing and customer loyalty credit cards bearing the Best Buy brand. Under the agreements,
the banks manage and directly extend credit to our customers. The banks are the sole owner of the accounts receivable generated under the credit card programs and absorb losses associated with
non-payment by the cardholders and fraudulent usage of the accounts. We earn revenue from fees the banks pay to us based on the number of credit card accounts activated and card usage. The banks also
reimburse us for 

19

Table of Contents

certain
costs associated with our credit card programs. Financing fees are paid by us to the banks and are variable based on certain factors such as the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), charge
volume and/or the types of promotional financing offers. 

Given
the continuing changes in the economic and regulatory environment for banks, as well as a continuing period of consumer credit delinquencies, banks continue to re-evaluate their
lending practices and terms, including, but not limited to, the levels at which consumer credit is granted. If any of our credit card programs ended prematurely or the terms and provisions, or
interpretations thereof, were substantially modified, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely impacted. 

Our International activities subject us to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic conditions specific to the countries
or regions in which we operate, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance

. 

We
have a presence in various foreign countries including Belgium, Bermuda, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Luxembourg, Mexico, the Republic of Mauritius, the
Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey, Turks and Caicos, and the U.K. During fiscal 2011, our International segment's operations generated 26% of our revenue. Our growth
strategy includes expansion of existing international markets and possible expansion into new international markets. Accordingly, our International segment's operations may account for a larger
portion of our revenue in the future. Our future operating results in these countries and in other countries or regions throughout the world where we may operate in the future could be materially
adversely affected by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including political conditions, economic conditions, legal and regulatory constraints and foreign currency
regulations. 

In
addition, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations may have an impact on our future earnings and cash flows from our International segment's operations, and could materially adversely
affect our financial performance. Moreover, the economies of some of the countries in which we have operations have in the past suffered from high rates of inflation and currency devaluations, which,
if they were to occur again, could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Other factors which may materially adversely impact our International segment's operations include foreign
trade, monetary, tax and fiscal policies both of the U.S. and of other countries; laws, regulations and other activities of foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations; and maintaining
facilities in countries which have historically been less stable than the U.S. 

Additional
risks inherent in our International segment's operations generally include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences and
greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights in countries other than the U.S. The various risks inherent in doing business in the U.S. generally also exist when doing business outside
of the U.S., and may be exaggerated by the difficulty of doing business in numerous sovereign jurisdictions due to differences in culture, laws and regulations. 

We rely heavily on our management information systems for inventory management, distribution and other functions. If our systems fail to perform these functions adequately or if
we experience an interruption in their operation, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

The efficient operation of our business is dependent on our management information systems. We rely heavily on our management information systems to manage our order entry,
order fulfillment, pricing, point-of-sale and inventory replenishment processes. The failure of our management information systems to perform as we anticipate, or to meet the
continuously evolving needs of our business, could disrupt our business and could result in decreased revenue, increased overhead costs and excess or out-of-stock inventory
levels, causing our business and results of operations to suffer materially. 

20

Table of Contents

A disruption in relationships with key third-party business partners could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We have engaged Accenture LLP ("Accenture"), a global management consulting, technology services and outsourcing company, to manage significant portions of our information
technology and human resources operations as well as to conduct certain procurement activities. We rely heavily on our management information systems for inventory management, distribution and other
functions. We also rely heavily on human resources support to attract, develop and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees. We also use Accenture to provide procurement support to research
and purchase certain non-merchandise products and services. Furthermore, we have engaged other key third-party business partners to manage various functions of our business, including but not limited
to, customer loyalty programs, promotional financing and customer loyalty credit cards, customer warranty and insurance programs, and other outsourced functions. Any material disruption in our
relationship with Accenture or other key third-party business partners could result in decreased revenue and increased overhead costs, causing our business and results of operations to suffer
materially. 

We are highly dependent on the cash flows and net earnings we generate during our fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the majority of the holiday selling season. 

Approximately one-third of our revenue and more than one-half of our net earnings are generated in our fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the majority of the holiday shopping
season in the U.S., Europe and Canada. Unexpected events or developments such as natural or man-made disasters, product sourcing issues or adverse economic conditions in our fourth fiscal quarter
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.