. 

Described below are certain risks that our management believes are applicable to our business and the industry in which we operate. There may be
additional risks that are not presently material or known. You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all other information set forth in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

If
any of the events described below occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or access to the capital markets could be materially adversely affected. The following
risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and from results predicted by forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf related to conditions or
events that we anticipate may occur in the future. The following risks should not be construed as an exhaustive list of all factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. All forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf are qualified by the risks described below. 

Economic conditions in the U.S. and key international markets, a decline in consumer discretionary spending or other conditions may materially adversely impact our operating
results. 

We sell products and services that consumers may view as discretionary items rather than necessities. As a result, our results of operations tend to be more sensitive to changes
in macro-economic conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. Challenging macro-economic conditions also impact our customers' ability to obtain consumer credit in a
timely manner, if at all. Other factors, including consumer confidence, employment levels, interest rates, tax rates, consumer debt levels, and fuel and energy costs could reduce consumer spending or
change consumer purchasing habits. In the past fiscal year, many of these factors adversely affected consumer spending and, consequently, our business and results of operations. A continued slowdown
in the U.S. or global economy, or an uncertain economic outlook, could materially adversely affect consumer spending habits and our operating results in the future. 

The
domestic and international political situation also affects consumer confidence. The threat or outbreak of domestic or international terrorism or other hostilities could lead to a decrease in
consumer spending. Any of these 

15

Table of Contents

events
and factors could cause a decrease in revenue or an increase in inventory markdowns or certain operating expenses, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

If we do not anticipate and respond to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner, our operating results could materially suffer. 

Our business depends, in large part, on our ability to successfully introduce new products, services and technologies to consumers, the frequency of such introductions, the
level of consumer acceptance, and the related impact on the demand for existing products, services and technologies. Failure to accurately predict constantly changing consumer tastes, preferences,
spending patterns and other lifestyle decisions, or to effectively address consumer concerns, could have a
material adverse effect on our revenue, results of operations and standing with our customers. 

Our results of operations could materially deteriorate if we fail to attract, develop and retain qualified employees. 

Our performance is dependent on attracting and retaining qualified employees who are able to meet the wants and needs of our customers. We believe our competitive advantage is
providing unique end-to-end solutions for each individual customer, which requires us to have highly trained and engaged employees. Our success depends in part upon our ability
to attract, develop and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, including store, service and administrative personnel. The turnover rate in the retail industry is high, and qualified
individuals of the requisite caliber and number needed to fill these positions may be in short supply in some areas. Our inability to recruit a sufficient number of qualified individuals in the future
may delay planned openings of new stores or affect the speed with which we expand initiatives such as our international operations. Delayed store openings, significant increases in employee turnover
rates or significant increases in labor costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We face strong competition from traditional store-based retailers, Internet businesses and other forms of retail commerce, which could materially adversely affect our revenue
and profitability. 

The retail business is highly competitive. We compete for customers, employees, locations, products and other important aspects of our business with many other local, regional,
national and international retailers. Pressure from our competitors, some of which have a greater market presence and financial resources than we do, could require us to reduce our prices or increase
our costs of doing business. As a result of this competition, we may experience lower revenue and/or higher operating costs, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

The failure to control our costs and reduce our expense structure could have a material adverse impact on our profitability. 

Customer traffic within our stores and overall consumer spending have decreased in the past fiscal year, driven by turmoil in the financial markets and other macro-economic
factors, which makes it more challenging for us to maintain or grow our operating income rates. As a result, we must continue to reduce our expense structure to more competitive levels. Any unplanned
increases in our labor and benefit rates, advertising and marketing expenses, other store expenses or indirect spending could delay or prevent us from achieving increased profitability or otherwise
have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 

Our liquidity may be materially adversely affected by the financial crisis in the U.S. and key international markets. 

We must have sufficient sources of liquidity to fund our working capital requirements, pay operating expenses, service our outstanding indebtedness and finance investment
opportunities. Without sufficient liquidity, we could be forced to curtail our operations or we may not be able to pursue promising business opportunities. The principal sources of our liquidity are
funds generated from operating activities, available cash and cash equivalents, and borrowings under credit facilities and other debt financings. 

As
widely reported, global financial markets have been experiencing extreme disruption in recent months, 

16

Table of Contents

including,
among other things, severely diminished liquidity, constrained credit availability and extreme volatility in securities prices. These market conditions affected, to a degree, our ability to
borrow committed portions of our $2.5 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and a syndication of banks
("Credit Agreement"). Lehman Commercial Paper Inc. ("Lehman CPI"), a subsidiary of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc., which filed a petition under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy
Code in September 2008, provided a commitment of $180 million under the Credit Agreement. Since September 2008, Lehman CPI has declined requests for funding under the Credit Agreement and no
other lender assumed Lehman CPI's obligation to fund. We cannot be certain whether another lender might assume Lehman CPI's commitment or whether one or more other syndicate lenders under the Credit
Agreement might also seek bankruptcy protection or otherwise fail to satisfy their financing obligations under the Credit Agreement. 

If
our sources of liquidity do not satisfy our requirements, we may have to seek additional financing. The availability of financing will depend on a variety of factors, such as economic and market
conditions, the availability of credit and our credit ratings, as well as the possibility that lenders could develop a negative perception of us or the retail industry generally. If required, we may
not be able to obtain additional financing ,on favorable terms, or at all. 

Changes in our credit ratings may limit our access to capital markets and materially increase our borrowing costs. 

In fiscal 2009, Moody's Investors Service, Inc. maintained its rating and outlook of our debt securities while Fitch Ratings Ltd. reaffirmed its rating of our debt
securities as BBB+ but assigned a negative outlook and Standard & Poor's Ratings Services announced that it had downgraded the rating of our debt securities to BBB- with a stable
outlook. 

Future
downgrades to our long-term credit ratings and outlook could negatively impact our access to the capital markets and the perception of us by lenders and other third parties. Our
credit ratings are based upon information furnished by us or obtained by a rating agency from its own sources and is subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time.
Rating agencies may review the ratings assigned to us due to developments that are beyond our control. 

Any
further downgrade to our debt securities will result in higher interest costs for certain of our credit facilities and other debt financings, and could result in higher interest costs on future
financings. Further, in the event of such a downgrade, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing, if necessary, on favorable terms, or at all. 

Our growth is dependent on the success of our strategies. 

Our growth is dependent on our ability to identify, develop and execute strategies. While we believe customer centricity and the pursuit of international growth opportunities
will enable us to grow our business, misjudgments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our growth strategy includes expanding our business by opening stores both in existing markets and in new markets. 

Our future growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to build, buy or lease new stores. We compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores.
Local land use, local zoning issues, environmental regulations and other regulations applicable to the types of stores we desire to construct may impact our ability to find suitable locations, and
also influence the cost of building, buying and leasing our stores. We also may have difficulty negotiating real estate purchase agreements and leases on acceptable terms. Failure to manage
effectively these and other similar factors will affect our ability to build, buy and lease new stores, which may have a material adverse effect on our future profitability. 

We
seek to expand our business in existing markets in order to attain a greater overall market share. Because our stores typically draw customers from their local areas, a new store may draw customers
away from our nearby existing stores and may cause customer traffic and comparable store sales performance to decline at those existing stores. 

We
also intend to open stores in new markets. The risks associated with entering a new market include difficulties in attracting customers where there is a lack of customer familiarity with our
brands, our lack of familiarity with local customer preferences, seasonal differences in the market 

17

Table of Contents

and
our ability to obtain the necessary governmental approvals. In addition, entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with a large,
established market presence. We cannot ensure that our new stores will be profitably deployed. As a result, our future profitability may be materially adversely affected. 

Failure in our pursuit or execution of new business ventures, strategic alliances and acquisitions could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Our growth strategy includes expansion via new business ventures, strategic alliances and acquisitions. Assessing a potential growth opportunity involves extensive due
diligence. However, the amount of information we can obtain about a potential growth opportunity may be limited, and we can give no assurance that new business ventures, strategic alliances and
acquisitions will positively affect our financial performance or will perform as planned. Integrating new businesses, stores and concepts can be a difficult task. Cultural differences in some markets
into which we expand or into which we introduce new retail concepts may result in customers in those markets being less receptive than originally anticipated. These types of transactions may divert
our capital and our management's attention from other business issues and opportunities. We may not be able to successfully assimilate or integrate companies that we acquire, including their
personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations and general operating procedures. We may also encounter challenges in achieving appropriate internal control over financial reporting in
connection with the integration of an acquired company. If we fail to assimilate or integrate acquired companies successfully, our business and operating results could suffer materially. 

Failure to protect the integrity and security of our customers' information could expose us to litigation and materially damage our standing with our customers. 

The use of individually identifiable data by our business and our business associates is regulated at the state, federal and international levels. Increasing costs associated
with information security — such as increased investment in technology, the costs of compliance with consumer protection laws and costs resulting from consumer
fraud — could cause our business and results of operations to suffer materially. Additionally, the success of our online operations depends upon the
secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including the use of cashless payments. While we have taken significant steps to protect customer and confidential information,
there can be no assurance that advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments will prevent the compromise of our customer transaction processing
capabilities and personal data. If any such compromise of our security were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, operating results and financial condition. Any such
compromise may materially increase the costs we incur to protect against such information security breaches and could subject us to additional legal risk. 

Risks associated with the vendors from whom our products are sourced could materially adversely affect our revenue and gross profit. 

The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors. Global sourcing is an important part of our business and positively affects our
financial performance. Our 20 largest suppliers account for just under half of the merchandise we purchase. If any of our key vendors fails to supply us with products or continue to develop new
technologies, we may not be able to meet the demands of our customers and our revenue could materially decline. We require all of our vendors to comply with applicable laws, including labor and
environmental laws, and otherwise be certified as meeting our required vendor standards of conduct. Our ability to find qualified vendors who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and
efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to goods sourced from outside the U.S. Political or financial instability, merchandise quality issues, product safety concerns,
trade restrictions, work stoppages, tariffs, foreign currency exchange rates, transportation capacity and costs, inflation, outbreak of pandemics and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond
our control. These and other issues affecting our vendors could materially adversely affect our revenue and gross profit. 

We are subject to certain regulatory and legal developments which could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Our regulatory and legal environment exposes us to complex compliance and litigation risks that could 

18

Table of Contents

materially
adversely affect our operations and financial results. The most significant compliance and litigation risks we face are: 

•

The difficulty in complying with sometimes conflicting regulations in local, national or international jurisdictions and
new or changing regulations that affect how we operate; 

•

The impact of changes in tax laws (or interpretations thereof) and accounting standards; and 

•

The impact of litigation trends, including class action lawsuits involving consumers and shareholders, and labor and
employment matters. 

Defending
against lawsuits and other proceedings may involve significant expense and divert management's attention and resources from other matters. 

Changes to the National Labor Relations Act could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

The Employee Free Choice Act ("EFCA") is pending before the U.S. Congress. The EFCA, also referred to as the "card check" bill, if passed in its current or similar form, could
significantly change the nature of labor relations in the U.S. Specifically, it would impact how union elections and contract negotiations are conducted. The pending or similar legislation could make
it easier for unions to be formed, and employers of newly unionized employees may face mandatory, binding arbitration of labor scheduling, costs and standards, which could increase the costs of doing
business. 

At
February 28, 2009, we had 1,107 stores operating in the U.S. None of the employees in those stores were represented by labor unions or worked under collective bargaining agreements. Passage
of the pending or similar legislation could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

Regulatory developments in the U.S. could impact our private-label credit card financing offers and have a material adverse impact on our revenue and profitability. 

We offer private-label credit cards in the U.S. through third-party financial institutions that manage and directly extend credit to our customers. Cardholders who choose the
private-label card can receive low- or no-interest promotional financing on qualifying purchases. If a customer utilizes a deferred interest financing offer and fails to comply
with the terms of the offer, all deferred interest becomes due and payable to the third-party financial institution. Private label credit card sales accounted for 18%, 16% and 17% of our Domestic
segment's revenue in fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 

In
December 2008, the Federal Reserve issued a wide range of new regulations intended to improve the disclosures that consumers receive in connection with credit card accounts and other revolving
credit plans. These new provisions, effective July 1, 2010, could limit the ability of card issuers to charge interest to customers who utilize deferred interest financing offers but do not
comply with the terms of the offer. Pending the Federal Reserve's issuance of its final ruling, there can be no assurance that some of our deferred interest financing offers on our private-label
credit card will continue to be available in their existing form. If we are unable to continue to make low- or no-interest financing offers, our revenue and profitability may
be materially adversely affected. 

Our International activities subject us to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic conditions specific to the countries
or regions in which we operate, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

We have a presence in various foreign countries including Belgium, Bermuda, Canada, China, France, Germany, Ireland, Luxembourg, Mexico, the Republic of Mauritius, the
Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Turkey, Turks and Caicos, and the United Kingdom. During fiscal 2009, our International segment's operations generated 22% of our revenue. Our growth strategy
includes expansion into new or existing international markets, and we expect that our International segment's operations will account for a larger portion of our revenue in the future. Our future
operating results in these countries and in other countries or regions throughout the world where we may operate in the future could be materially adversely affected by a variety of factors, many of
which are beyond our control including political conditions, economic conditions, legal and regulatory constraints and foreign currency regulations. 

19

Table of Contents

In
addition, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations may have an impact on our future costs or on future cash flows from our International segment's operations, and could materially adversely
affect our financial performance. Moreover, the economies of some of the countries in which we have operations have in the past suffered from high rates of inflation and currency devaluations, which,
if they were to occur again, could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Other factors which may materially adversely impact our International segment's operations include foreign
trade, monetary, tax and fiscal policies both of the U.S. and of other countries; laws, regulations and other activities of foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations; and maintaining
facilities in countries which have historically been less stable than the U.S. 

Additional
risks inherent in our International segment's operations generally include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences and
greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights in countries other than the U.S. The various risks inherent in doing business in the U.S. generally also exist when doing business outside
of the U.S., and may be exaggerated by the difficulty of doing business in numerous sovereign jurisdictions due to differences in culture, laws and regulations. 

We rely heavily on our management information systems for inventory management, distribution and other functions. If our systems fail to perform these functions adequately or if
we experience an interruption in their operation, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

The efficient operation of our business is dependent on our management information systems. We rely heavily on our management information systems to manage our order entry,
order fulfillment, pricing, point-of-sale and inventory replenishment processes. The failure of our management information systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our
business and could result in decreased revenue, increased overhead costs and excess or out-of-stock inventory levels, causing our business and results of operations to suffer
materially. 

A disruption in our relationship with Accenture, who helps us manage our information technology and human resources operations and conducts certain procurement activities, could
materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We have engaged Accenture LLP ("Accenture"), a global management consulting, technology services and outsourcing company, to manage significant portions of our
information technology and human resources operations as well as to conduct certain procurement activities. We rely heavily on our management information systems for inventory management, distribution
and other functions. We also rely heavily on human resources support to attract, develop and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees. We also use Accenture to provide procurement support to
research and to purchase certain non-merchandise products and services. Any disruption in our relationship with Accenture could result in decreased revenue and increased overhead costs,
causing our business and results of operations to suffer materially. 

We have various commercial insurance agreements and sell extended warranties to customers on behalf of a subsidiary of AIG, whose parent company has experienced and continues to
experience financial difficulties. 

We have various commercial insurance relationships with AIG Commercial Insurance Group, Inc. ("AIG CI"), a subsidiary of American International Group, Inc.
("AIG"), including workers' compensation, directors and officers, commercial property, general liability and other insurance policies. We also sell extended warranties on behalf of AIG CI. Commissions
received from AIG CI from the sale of extended warranties represented 2.0%, 2.1% and 2.2% of our revenue in fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. At February 28, 2009 and March 1,
2008, claims receivable from AIG CI were $35 million and $28 million, respectively. 

Although
AIG has advised that its commercial insurance subsidiaries remain well-capitalized and they have sufficient reserves and liquidity to pay claims despite the parent company's
recent issues and diminished financial position, we can give no assurance that AIG CI or applicable regulatory authorities will be able to fulfill the insurer's obligations under our existing
insurance policies or on our customers' outstanding product warranties in the 

20

Table of Contents

event
of a failure of AIG CI. Further, in the event of a failure of AIG CI, we could be required to replace our existing insurance policies and seek a new provider of extended warranties, which may be
difficult to do in a timely manner or on substantially similar terms as our existing agreements with AIG CI. Failure to do so could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition, as well as damage customer relationships. 

We are highly dependent on the cash flows and net earnings we generate during our fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the majority of the holiday selling season. 

Approximately one-third of our revenue and more than one-half of our net earnings are generated in our fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the majority
of the holiday shopping season in the U.S., Europe and Canada. Unexpected events or developments such as natural or man-made disasters, product sourcing issues or adverse economic
conditions in our fourth quarter could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.