General
 economic conditions, particularly in the United States and Europe, may adversely
 affect the Company’s results. 

The
 Company’s revenues may be affected by U.S. and international market conditions
 and consumer confidence. In particular, the Company’s marine businesses are
 cyclical and are dependent upon economic conditions and the overall level
 of
 consumer confidence. Any substantial deterioration in general economic
 conditions that diminishes consumer confidence in any of the regions in which
 the Company competes could reduce the Company’s sales and adversely affect its
 business and financial results. 

The
 Company’s profitability may suffer as a result of competitive product offerings
 and pricing pressures.

 Across
 all the Company’s businesses, the introduction of lower-priced alternative
 products by other companies can hurt the Company’s competitive position. The
 Company is constantly subject to competitive pressures, particularly from
 Asian
 competitors in the outboard marine engine market worldwide and in Brunswick
 New
 Technologies’ land-based navigation electronics business. Such competitive
 pricing pressures may limit the Company’s ability to increase prices in response
 to raw material and other cost increases. 

The
 Company’s growth depends on the successful introduction of new product
 offerings

.
 The
 Company’s ability to grow may be adversely affected by difficulties or delays in
 product development, such as an inability to develop viable new products,
 gain
 market acceptance of new products or obtain adequate intellectual property
 protection for new products. To meet ever-changing consumer demands, the
 timing of market entry and pricing of the Company’s new products are critical,
 especially for Brunswick New Technologies’ land-based
 navagation products, which generally have short product life cycles.

Managing
 the transition to lower-margin products, particularly in its Marine Engine
 segment, is critical to the Company’s operating and financial
 results.

 The
 Company has historically derived a significant portion of its earnings from
 sales of higher-margin products, especially in its Marine Engine business.
 The
 Marine Engine segment is now completing a transition to manufacturing primarily
 low-emission four-stroke engines, which have lower margins. The Company is
 addressing this margin pressure by relocating some manufacturing to lower-cost
 areas. The Company’s inability to achieve lower-cost manufacturing, as well as
 increased competition in the product lines affected, could adversely impact
 the
 Company’s future operating and financial results. 

 The
 Company’s financial results may be adversely affected if the Company is unable
 to maintain effective distribution.

 Because
 the Company sells the majority of its products through third parties such
 as
 dealers and distributors, the financial health of these dealers and distributors
 is critical to the Company’s continued success. The Company’s results can be
 negatively affected if dealers and distributors experience higher operating
 costs that can result from rising interest rates, higher rents, labor costs
 and
 taxes, and compliance with regulations. In addition, a substantial portion
 of
 the Company’s marine engine sales are made to independent boatbuilders.
 Accordingly, the results of the Company’s Marine Engine segment can be
 influenced by the financial health of these independent boatbuilders, which
 can
 depend on the boatbuilders’ access to capital, ability to develop new products
 and ability to compete effectively in the marketplace.

 8

Inventory
 adjustments by the Company’s major dealers, retailers and independent
 boatbuilders adversely affect the Company’s operating
 margins.

 If the
 Company’s dealers and retailers, as well as independent boatbuilders who
 purchase the Company’s marine engine products, adjust their inventories downward
 in response to weakness in retail demand, wholesale demand for the Company’s
 products diminishes. In turn, the Company must reduce production, which results
 in lower rates of absorption of fixed costs and thus lower margins. Inventory
 reduction by dealers and customers can hurt the Company’s short-term sales and
 results of operations and limit the Company’s ability to meet increased demand
 when economic conditions improve.

Adverse
 weather conditions can have a negative impact on marine and retail bowling
 center revenues.

 Weather
 conditions can have a significant impact on the Company’s operating and
 financial results, especially in the marine and bowling retail businesses.
 Sales
 of the Company’s marine products are generally stronger just before and during
 spring and summer, and favorable weather during these months generally has
 a
 positive effect on consumer demand. Conversely, unseasonably cool weather,
 excessive rainfall or drought conditions during these periods can reduce
 demand.
 Hurricanes and other storms can result in the disruption of the Company’s
 distribution channel, as occurred in 2004 and 2005 on the U.S. Atlantic and
 Gulf
 coasts. Since many of the Company’s boats are used extensively on reservoirs,
 the viability of reservoirs for boating is important to the Boat segment.
 In
 addition, severely inclement weather on weekends and holidays, particularly
 during the winter months, can adversely affect patronage of the Company’s
 bowling centers and, therefore, revenues in the bowling retail
 business.

The
 Company's ability to integrate acquisitions successfully may affect its
 financial results.

 Since
 2001, the Company has acquired a number of new businesses and entered into
 joint
 ventures, and it intends to continue to acquire additional businesses to
 complement its existing product portfolio. The Company’s success in effectively
 integrating these operations, including their financial, operational and
 distribution practices and systems, will affect the contribution of these
 businesses to the Company’s consolidated results. There can be no assurance that
 any future acquisitions or joint ventures will be beneficial to the Company.

Limited
 access to water can inhibit the Company’s ability to grow. 
F

or
 various reasons, including environmental restrictions, permitting and zoning
 requirements, and the increasing cost of and competition for waterfront
 property, access to water for boating, as well as marina and storage space,
 is
 limited in some regions. The Boat and Marine Engine segments can be adversely
 affected in areas that do not have sufficient marina and storage capacity
 to
 satisfy demand.

 The
 Company’s marine engines may be subject to more stringent environmental
 regulations.

 The
 State of California has adopted regulations requiring catalytic converters
 on
 the Company’s sterndrive and inboard engines by January 1, 2008. The Company
 expects to comply fully with these regulations, but compliance will increase
 the
 cost of these products. Other environmental regulatory bodies in the United
 States or other countries also may impose higher emissions standards in
 the
 future for the Company’s engines. These standards could require catalytic
 converters, which would increase the cost of the Company's engines. Any
 increase
 in the cost of the Company’s engines or unforeseen delays in compliance with
 environmental regulations affecting these products could have an adverse
 effect
 on the Company’s results of operations.

Higher
 energy costs can adversely affect the Company’s results and can hurt demand for
 the Company’s products, especially in the marine and bowling center businesses.

Higher
 energy costs increase the Company’s operating costs at its manufacturing
 facilities and the cost of shipping its products to customers. In addition,
 products in the Company’s Marine Engine segment are powered by gasoline or
 diesel fuel, and products in the Company’s Boat segment have gasoline or diesel
 engines. Any increase in the price of petroleum-based fuel, or the imposition
 of
 taxes or an interruption of supply, could reduce demand for the Company’s marine
 products. Finally, because heating, air conditioning and electricity comprise
 a
 significant part of the cost of operating a bowling center, any increase
 in the
 price of energy could adversely affect the operating margins of Brunswick
 bowling centers.

Higher
 interest rates can reduce demand, especially for marine
 products.

 The
 Company’s marine products, particularly boats, are often financed. Rising
 interest rates can have an adverse effect on dealers’ and consumers’ ability to
 finance boat purchases, which can adversely affect the Company’s ability to sell
 its products and impact the profitability of the Company’s finance activities,
 including Brunswick Acceptance Company. 

 Changes
 in currency exchange rates can adversely affect the Company’s growth
 rate

.
 Because
 the Company derives approximately 35 percent of its revenues from sales
 outside
 the United States, its ability to realize projected growth rates can be
 adversely affected when the U.S. dollar strengthens against other currencies.
 The Company manufactures its products primarily in the United States, and
 the
 costs of its products are generally denominated in U.S. dollars, although
 manufacturing and sourcing outside the United States are increasing. A
 strong
 U.S. dollar can make the Company’s products less price-competitive relative to
 local products in international markets.

 9

The
 Company’s business is vulnerable to adverse international
 conditions.

 As the
 Company continues to focus on international growth, including in developing
 countries, and on lower-cost manufacturing outside the United States, it
 will
 become increasingly vulnerable to the effects of political instability, adverse
 economic conditions and the possibility of terrorism, insurrection and military
 conflict around the world.