General
 economic conditions, particularly in the United States and Europe, affect
 Brunswick’s results.

Brunswick’s
 revenues are affected by economic conditions and consumer confidence worldwide,
 but especially in the United States and Europe. In times of economic
 uncertainty, consumers defer expenditures for discretionary items, which affects
 demand for Brunswick’s products, especially in its marine and billiards
 businesses. Brunswick’s marine businesses are cyclical in nature, and their
 success is dependent upon favorable economic conditions, the overall level
 of
 consumer confidence and discretionary income levels. Any substantial
 deterioration in general economic conditions that diminishes consumer confidence
 or discretionary income can reduce Brunswick’s sales and adversely affect its
 financial results. Corporate restructurings, layoffs, declines in the value
 of
 investments and residential real estate, higher fuel prices and increases in
 federal and state taxation all can negatively affect Brunswick’s results.

Brunswick’s
 profitability may suffer as a result of competitive pricing
 pressures.

The
 introduction of lower-priced alternative products by other companies can hurt
 Brunswick’s competitive position in all of its businesses. The Company is
 constantly subject to competitive pressures, particularly in the outboard engine
 market, in which Asian manufacturers often have pursued a strategy of aggressive
 pricing. Such pricing pressure can limit the Company’s ability to increase
 prices for its products in response to raw material and other cost increases.

Brunswick’s
 growth depends on the successful introduction of new product
 offerings

.

Brunswick’s
 ability to grow may be adversely affected by difficulties or delays in product
 development, such as an inability to develop viable new products, gain market
 acceptance of new products or obtain adequate intellectual property protection
 for new products. To meet ever-changing consumer demands, the timing of market
 entry and pricing of new products are critical.

Managing
 the transition to lower-margin products, particularly in Brunswick’s Marine
 Engine segment, is critical to its operating and financial
 results.

Brunswick
 has historically derived a significant portion of its earnings from sales of
 higher-margin products, especially in its outboard engine business. The Marine
 Engine segment has now completed a transition to manufacturing primarily
 low-emission four-stroke outboard engines, which have lower margins than the
 two-stroke products they are replacing. The Company has addressed this margin
 pressure by relocating some outboard engine manufacturing to lower-cost areas
 such as China. The Company is also in the process of relocating its bowling
 ball
 and Valley-Dynamo billiards table manufacturing to Mexico, where it already
 manufactures boats. Brunswick’s inability to achieve lower-cost manufacturing,
 as well as increased competition in the product lines affected, could adversely
 affect its future operating and financial results. 

Brunswick’s
 financial results may be adversely affected if the Company is unable to maintain
 effective distribution.

Because
 Brunswick sells the majority of its products through third parties such as
 dealers and distributors, the financial health of its distribution network
 is
 critical to Brunswick’s success. Brunswick’s results can be negatively affected
 if dealers and distributors experience higher operating costs, which can result
 from rising interest rates, higher rents, labor costs and taxes, and compliance
 with regulations. In addition, a substantial portion of Brunswick’s marine
 engine sales are made to boat manufacturers not affiliated with Brunswick.
 Accordingly, the results of the Marine Engine segment can be influenced by
 the
 financial health of these independent boat builders, which depends on their
 access to capital, ability to develop new products and ability to compete
 effectively in the marketplace. Brunswick’s independent boat builder customers
 also can react negatively to the Boat Group’s acquisition of competing
 independent boat builders, which can lead them to seek marine engine supplies
 from competing marine engine manufacturers.

 9

Inventory
 adjustments by major dealers, retailers and independent boat builders adversely
 affect Brunswick’s operating margins.

If
 Brunswick’s dealers and retailers, as well as independent boat builders who
 purchase Brunswick’s marine engine products, adjust their inventories downward
 in response to weakness in retail demand, wholesale demand for Brunswick’s
 products diminishes. In turn, the Company must reduce production, which results
 in lower rates of absorption of fixed costs in its manufacturing facilities
 and
 thus lower margins. Inventory reduction by dealers and customers can hurt
 Brunswick’s short-term sales and results of operations and limit its ability to
 meet increased demand when economic conditions improve.

Adverse
 weather conditions can have a negative effect on marine and retail bowling
 center revenues.

Weather
 conditions can have a significant effect on Brunswick’s operating and financial
 results, especially in the marine and bowling retail businesses. Sales of
 Brunswick’s marine products are generally stronger just before and during spring
 and summer, and favorable weather during these months generally has a positive
 effect on consumer demand. Conversely, unseasonably cool weather, excessive
 rainfall or drought conditions during these periods can reduce demand.
 Hurricanes and other storms can result in the disruption of the Company’s
 distribution channel, as occurred in 2004 and 2005 on the U.S. Atlantic and
 Gulf
 coasts. Since many of Brunswick’s boat products are used on reservoirs, the
 viability of reservoirs for boating is important to the Boat segment. In
 addition, severely inclement weather on weekends and holidays, particularly
 during the winter months, can adversely affect patronage of Brunswick’s bowling
 centers and, therefore, revenues in the bowling retail business.

The
 Company’s ability to integrate acquisitions successfully may affect its
 financial results.

Since
 2001, Brunswick has acquired a number of new businesses and entered into joint
 ventures, and it intends to continue to pursue other strategic investments
 to
 complement its existing product portfolio. The Company’s success in achieving
 the requisite investment return and effectively integrating the financial,
 operational and distribution practices and systems of these businesses can
 affect Brunswick’s financial performance. There can be no assurance that any
 future acquisitions or joint ventures will be beneficial to Brunswick.

The
 Company’s ability to complete the announced divestiture of its BNT business unit
 may affect its financial results and position.

The
 possible risks related to the divestiture of BNT's businesses include delays
 in
 completing transactions, lower-than-expected proceeds and post-closing claims
 for indemnification.

Licensing
 requirements and limited access to water can inhibit Brunswick’s ability to grow
 its marine businesses.

Environmental
 restrictions, permitting and zoning requirements and the increasing cost of
 and
 competition for waterfront property can limit access to water for boating,
 as
 well as marina and storage space. Brunswick’s Boat and Marine Engine segments
 can be adversely affected in areas that do not have sufficient marina and
 storage capacity to satisfy demand.

 Certain
 jurisdictions both in and outside the United States require a license to operate
 a recreational boat, which can deter potential customers.

Brunswick’s
 marine engines may be subject to more stringent environmental
 regulations.

The
 State
 of California has adopted regulations requiring catalytic converters on
 Brunswick’s sterndrive and inboard engines by January 1, 2008. The Company
 expects to comply fully with these regulations, but compliance will increase
 the
 cost of these products. Other environmental regulatory bodies in the United
 States or other countries also may impose higher emissions standards in the
 future for Brunswick’s engines. These standards could require catalytic
 converters, increasing the cost of Brunswick's engines, which could in turn
 reduce consumer demand for Brunswick’s products. As a result, any increase in
 the cost of Brunswick’s engines or unforeseen delays in compliance with
 environmental regulations affecting these products could have an adverse effect
 on Brunswick’s results of operations.

 10

Higher
 energy costs can adversely affect Brunswick’s results, especially in the marine
 and bowling center businesses. 

Higher
 energy costs result in increases in operating expenses at the Company’s
 manufacturing facilities and in the cost of shipping products to customers.
 In
 addition, increases in energy costs can adversely affect the pricing and
 availability of petroleum-based raw materials such as resins and foam that
 are
 used in many of Brunswick’s marine products. Finally, because heating, air
 conditioning and electricity comprise a significant part of the cost of
 operating a bowling center, any increase in the price of energy could adversely
 affect the operating margins of Brunswick bowling centers.

Higher
 interest rates can reduce demand, especially for marine
 products.

Customers
 often finance purchases of Brunswick’s marine products, particularly boats.
 Rising interest rates can have an adverse effect on dealers’ and consumers’
ability to finance boat purchases, which can adversely affect both the Company’s
 ability to sell boats and the profitability of its finance activities, including
 Brunswick Acceptance Company. 

Changes
 in currency exchange rates can adversely affect Brunswick’s growth
 rate

.

Because
 the Company derives approximately 32 percent of its revenues from sales outside
 the United States, its ability to realize projected growth rates can be
 adversely affected when the U.S. dollar strengthens against other currencies.
 Brunswick manufactures its products primarily in the United States, and the
 costs of its products are generally denominated in U.S. dollars, although
 manufacturing products and sourcing materials outside the United States are
 increasing. A strong U.S. dollar can make Brunswick’s products less
 price-competitive relative to local products outside the United States.

Brunswick’s
 business is vulnerable to adverse international
 conditions.

As
 Brunswick continues to focus on international growth, including in developing
 countries, and on lower-cost manufacturing outside the United States, it may
 become increasingly vulnerable to the effects of political instability, adverse
 economic conditions and the possibility of terrorism, insurrection and military
 conflict around the world. 

Brunswick
 competes with a variety of other activities for consumers’ scarce leisure
 time.

All
 of
 Brunswick’s products are used for recreational purposes, and demand for its
 products can be adversely affected by competition from other activities that
 occupy consumers’ leisure time, including other forms of recreation as well as
 religious, cultural and community activities. A decrease in leisure time can
 reduce consumers’ willingness to purchase and enjoy Brunswick’s products.