An investor should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our
other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, in evaluating our business. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. The occurrence of any of these events or
circumstances could individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. 

Defects, failures or quality issues associated with our products could lead to recalls or safety alerts, negative publicity regarding the company and litigation, including product liability claims,
that could adversely affect our business and reputation and result in loss of customers. Loss reserves are difficult to estimate. 

The design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices of the types we produce entail inherent risks. Quality is extremely important to us and to our customers because our products are often used in
clinically demanding circumstances with seriously ill patients, and many of the medical devices we manufacture and sell are implanted in the human body for long periods of time or indefinitely. Given the circumstances in which our products are often
used, defects, failures or quality issues can result in serious and costly consequences. Quality management is essential to prevent defects or failures associated with our products, as well as to improve our products and maintain the integrity of
the data that supports the safety and efficacy of our products. 

There are a number of factors that could result in an unsafe
condition, injury or death of a patient with respect to products that we manufacture or sell, including quality issues, component failures, manufacturing flaws, unanticipated or improper uses of our products, design defects or inadequate disclosure
of product-related risks or product-related information. 

Any of these issues could lead to a recall of, or safety alert
relating to, one or more of our products and could ultimately result in the removal of these products from the body and claims against us for costs associated with the removal. Any recall, whether voluntary or required by the United States Food and
Drug Administration (“FDA”) or similar governmental authorities in other countries, could result in significant costs and significant negative publicity. Negative publicity including regarding a quality or safety issue, whether accurate or
inaccurate, could reduce market acceptance of our products, harm our reputation, decrease demand for our products, result in the loss of customers, lead to product withdrawals and/or harm our ability to successfully launch and market our products in
the future. The foregoing problems could also result in enforcement actions by state and federal governments or other enforcement bodies, or product liability claims or lawsuits including those being brought by individuals or by groups seeking to
represent a class or establish multi-district litigation proceedings. While we believe that many settlements and judgments, as well as legal defense costs, may be covered in whole or in part under our product liability insurance policies with a
limited number of insurance companies, amounts recovered under these policies may be less than the stated coverage limits and may not be adequate to cover damages and/or costs. In addition, there is no guarantee that insurers will pay claims or that
coverage will be otherwise available. See Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” below for a description of lawsuits filed or asserted against us, including the Hernia Product Claims, Women’s Health Product Claims and Filter Product Claims
(each, as defined below). Moreover, in some circumstances adverse events arising from or associated with the design, manufacture, quality or marketing of our products could result in the FDA suspending or delaying its review of our applications for
new product approvals. Any of the foregoing problems could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. 

Reserves established for estimated losses, including with respect to legal proceedings, do not represent an exact calculation of our actual liability but instead represent our estimate of the probable
loss at the time the reserve is established. Due to the inherent uncertainty underlying loss reserve estimates, actual losses may be materially higher or lower than the related reserve. Liabilities in excess of our reserves could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. 

I-7

Table of Contents

We face intense competition from other companies, and our inability to continue to effectively
develop, acquire and/or market new products and technologies could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 

The medical device business is intensely competitive and is characterized by rapid technological change. Our customers consider many factors when choosing among products, including product features and
reliability, product quality, product technology, clinical outcomes, product availability, price and product services provided by the manufacturer. Product introductions, alternative therapies or enhancements by competitors that provide better
features, clinical outcomes or economic value and/or offer lower pricing, may make our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. In addition, the trend of consolidation in the medical device industry and among our customers could
result in greater competition and pricing pressures. 

As a result, we engage in product development and improvement programs
to maintain and improve our competitive position. We may not, however, be successful in enhancing existing products or developing new products or technologies that will achieve regulatory approval or receive market acceptance. As part of our
business strategy, we also pursue the acquisition of complementary businesses, technologies and products. We may not be able to identify appropriate acquisition candidates, consummate transactions or obtain agreements with favorable terms. Further,
once a business is acquired, any inability to successfully integrate the business, failure to retain and develop its workforce or failure to establish and maintain appropriate controls could adversely affect our ability to realize the anticipated
benefits of any acquisition. If we fail to develop and successfully launch new products, generate satisfactory clinical results, provide sufficient economic value, enhance existing products or identify, acquire and integrate complementary
businesses, technologies and products, or otherwise compete effectively, our business, results of operations and/or financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Domestic and foreign legislative or administrative reforms resulting in restrictive reimbursement practices of third-party payors and cost containment measures could decrease the demand for products
purchased by our customers, the prices that our customers are willing to pay for those products and the number of procedures using our devices. 

Our products are purchased principally by hospitals or physicians which typically bill various third-party payors, such as governmental programs (e.g., Medicare, Medicaid and comparable foreign programs),
private insurance plans and managed care plans, for the healthcare services provided to their patients. The ability of our customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for products and services from third-party payors is critical to the success of
medical device companies because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. Reimbursement varies by country and can significantly impact the acceptance of new technology. Implementation of healthcare reforms
or other governmental actions in the United States and other countries may limit, reduce or eliminate reimbursement for our products and adversely affect both our pricing flexibility and the demand for our products. Even when we develop or acquire a
promising new product, we may find limited demand for the product unless reimbursement approval is obtained from private and governmental third-party payors. 

Major third-party payors for hospital services in the United States and abroad continue to work to contain healthcare costs through, among other things, the introduction of cost containment incentives and
closer scrutiny of healthcare expenditures by both private health insurers and employers. For example, in an effort to decrease costs, certain hospitals and other customers resterilize our products intended for a single use or purchase reprocessed
products from third-party reprocessors in lieu of purchasing new products from us. 

Further legislative or administrative
reforms to the reimbursement systems in the United States and abroad, or adverse decisions relating to our products by administrators of these systems in coverage or reimbursement, could significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using our
medical devices or result in the denial of coverage for those procedures. Examples of these reforms or adverse decisions include price regulation, 

I-8

Table of Contents

competitive pricing, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, technology assessments and managed-care arrangements. Any of such reforms or adverse decisions
resulting in restrictive reimbursement practices or denials of coverage could have an adverse impact on the acceptance of our products and the prices that our customers are willing to pay for them. These outcomes, along with cost containment
measures, could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations. 

An interruption in our ability to
manufacture our products or an inability to obtain key components or raw materials may adversely affect our business and/or results of operations. 

We manufacture our products at facilities located throughout the world, some of which are in areas that are prone to hurricanes and other natural disasters. In some cases, certain of our key products are
manufactured at one facility. If an event occurred that resulted in damage to one or more of our facilities, we may be unable to manufacture the relevant products at previous levels or at all. In addition, we purchase many of the components and raw
materials used in manufacturing our products from numerous suppliers in various countries. For reasons of quality assurance, sole source availability or cost effectiveness, most components and raw materials are available and/or purchased only from a
sole supplier. Due to the stringent regulations and requirements of the FDA and other regulatory authorities regarding the manufacture of our products, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for these components or
materials or do so without excessive cost. As a result, a reduction or interruption in manufacturing, or an inability to secure alternative sources of raw materials or components, could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results
of operations. 

We are subject to a comprehensive system of federal, state and international laws and regulations, and we could be the
subject of an enforcement action or face lawsuits and monetary or equitable judgments. 

We operate in many parts of the
world, and our operations are affected by various state, federal and international healthcare, environmental, antitrust, anti-corruption, anti-bribery and employment laws, including, for example, various FDA and international regulations, the
federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and the UK Bribery Act. We are subject to periodic inspections to determine compliance with the FDA’s Quality System Regulation requirements, current medical
device adverse event reporting regulations, and foreign rules and regulations. The failure to comply with these laws and regulatory standards or the discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or manufacturer: (i) could result in
FDA Form-483 notices and/or warning letters, fines, delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances, detainment, seizures or recalls of products (with the attendant expenses), the banning of a particular device, an order to replace or refund the cost
of any device previously manufactured or distributed, operating restrictions and/or civil or criminal prosecution, and/or penalties, as well as decreased sales as a result of negative publicity and product liability claims; and (ii) could have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. 

It can be costly and
time-consuming to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market a medical device. Approvals might not be granted for new devices on a timely basis, if at all. Product approvals by the FDA and other foreign regulators can be withdrawn due to
failure to comply with regulatory standards or the occurrence of unforeseen problems following initial approval. Regulations are also subject to change as a result of legislative, administrative or judicial action, which may further increase our
costs or reduce sales. As an example, the FDA has proposed changes to the 510(k) process, which is the clearance process for medical devices that are substantially equivalent to other legally-marketed devices. If changes to the 510(k) process are
adopted, the time and cost to get many of our medical devices to market could increase. Our failure to maintain approvals or obtain approval for new products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or
liquidity. 

The healthcare industry is under continued scrutiny from state governments and the federal government with respect
to industry practices in the area of sales and marketing. If our marketing or sales activities fail to comply with the FDA’s regulations or guidelines, or other applicable laws, we may be subject to warnings from the FDA

I-9

Table of Contents

or enforcement actions from the FDA or other enforcement bodies. In the recent past, medical device manufacturers have been the subject of investigations from state and federal agencies related
to their relationships with doctors, product marketing and off-label promotion of products, among other activities or practices. If an enforcement action involving the company were to occur, it could result in penalties, fines, the exclusion of our
products from reimbursement under federally-funded programs and/or prohibitions on our ability to sell our products, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. See
Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” below for a description of a matter relating to the company’s brachytherapy business and for a description of the subpoenas and Civil Investigation Demands from a number of State Attorneys General
seeking information related to certain of the company’s products. 

In addition, lawsuits by employees, customers,
licensors, licensees, suppliers, business partners, distributors, shareholders or competitors with respect to how we conduct our business could be very costly and could substantially disrupt our business. Disputes from time-to-time with companies or
individuals are not uncommon, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to resolve these disputes on terms favorable to us. See Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” below for a description of lawsuits against the company. The occurrence of
an adverse monetary or equitable judgment or a large expenditure in connection with a settlement of any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. 

We are substantially dependent on patent and proprietary rights and incur significant costs maintaining, defending and protecting these rights. We
also may face restrictions or additional costs in connection with the sale of our products. 

We operate in an industry
characterized by extensive patent litigation. Patent litigation is generally expensive, complex and can result in significant damage awards (treble damages under certain circumstances), injunctions that could prevent the manufacture and sale of
affected products, settlement payments or royalty payments to enable us to continue selling the products. At any given time, we are generally involved as either a plaintiff or a defendant in a number of patent infringement actions, the outcomes of
which may not be known for prolonged periods of time. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of patent litigation incident to our business, we believe that an adverse outcome associated with any pending litigation could generally have a
material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations. 

We rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets and
nondisclosure agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property and will continue to do so. Although these patents, trade secrets and nondisclosure agreements may not successfully protect our intellectual property, we intend to defend
against threats to our intellectual property. Our pending patent applications may not result in patents issuing to us, and patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented and these
patents may not be sufficiently broad to provide us with a competitive advantage. In addition, we operate in foreign markets where protection or enforcement of intellectual property rights may be weaker than in the United States, and inadequate
patent protection in those markets may adversely affect our competitive position. Third parties could also obtain patents that may require us to negotiate licenses to conduct our business, and we cannot assure you that the required licenses would be
available on reasonable terms or at all. Any inability to protect our intellectual property or obtain necessary licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or liquidity. For more information, see
Item 3. “Legal Proceedings.” 

Our international sales and operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that vary by
country and which could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations. 

Sales outside the
United States accounted for approximately 33% of our net sales in 2012. We anticipate that sales from international operations will continue to represent a significant portion of our total sales, and we intend to accelerate our expansion into
emerging and/or faster-growing markets outside the United States. In addition, many of our manufacturing facilities and suppliers are located outside the United States. As a result, our sales and profitability from our international operations and
our ability to implement our overall business strategy 

I-10

Table of Contents

(including our plan to expand into emerging and/or faster-growing markets outside the United States) are subject to risks and uncertainties that can vary by country, and include those related to
political and economic conditions (such as those affecting certain countries in Europe), foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes in tax laws, regulatory and reimbursement programs and policies, and the protection of intellectual
property rights. These risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations. 

The
adoption of healthcare reform in the United States may adversely affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 

In March 2010, significant reforms to the U.S. healthcare system were adopted in the form of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the “PPACA”). The PPACA includes provisions that,
among other things, reduce and/or limit Medicare reimbursement, require all individuals to have health insurance (with limited exceptions) and impose new and/or increased taxes. Specifically, the law requires the medical device industry to subsidize
healthcare reform in the form of a 2.3% excise tax on United States sales of most medical devices beginning in 2013. The company has evaluated the impact of this tax on our overall business. Based on forecasted 2013 annual United States sales, the
excise tax is expected to be approximately $40 million, which will increase our cost of doing business. Although there are ongoing discussions in the U.S. Congress regarding the medical device excise tax, there can be no assurances as to the
outcome of any of these discussions. The PPACA also reduces Medicare and Medicaid payments to hospitals and clinical laboratories, which could reduce medical procedure volumes and impact the demand for our products or the prices at which the company
sells its products. While the PPACA is intended to expand health insurance coverage to uninsured persons in the United States, other elements of this legislation, such as Medicare provisions aimed at improving quality and decreasing costs,
comparative effectiveness research, an independent payment advisory board, and pilot programs to evaluate alternative payment methodologies, make it difficult to determine the overall impact on sales of our products. Various healthcare reform
proposals have also emerged at the state level. The impact of the PPACA and these proposals could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations. 

Disruption of critical information systems or material breaches in the security of our systems may adversely affect our business and customer relationships.

We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. We also
rely on our technology infrastructure, among other functions, to interact with suppliers, sell our products, fulfill orders and bill, collect and make payments, ship products, provide support to customers, track customer purchases, fulfill
contractual obligations and otherwise conduct business. Our internal information technology systems, as well as those systems maintained by third-party providers, may be subjected to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access
attempts, and cyber-attacks, including infiltration of data centers, any of which, if successful, could result in data leaks or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations. Cyber-attacks are becoming
more sophisticated and frequent, and there can be no assurances that our protective measures will prevent future security breaches that could have a significant impact on our business, reputation, and financial results. If we fail to maintain or
protect our information technology systems and data integrity effectively or fail to anticipate, plan for or manage significant disruptions to these systems, we could lose existing customers, have difficulty preventing, detecting, and controlling
fraud, have disputes with customers, physicians, and other health care professionals, have regulatory sanctions or penalties imposed, have increases in operating expenses, incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of a data privacy breach, or
suffer other adverse consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.

Economic instability could continue to adversely affect the company. 

Financial markets and the economies in the United States and internationally may continue to experience disruption and volatility as they
have in recent years and conditions could worsen. As a result, the economic environment (including deteriorating economic conditions in certain countries in Europe) may, among other things: 

•

 create downward pressure on the pricing of our products; 

I-11

Table of Contents

•

 affect the collection of accounts receivable in countries such as Greece, Italy, Spain, Portugal and certain other countries in Europe;

•

 increase the sales cycle for certain of our products; 

•

 slow the adoption of new technology; 

•

 adversely affect our customers, causing them to reduce spending and/or decrease utilization of our products; 

•

 adversely affect our suppliers, which could disrupt our ability to produce our products; and 

•

 limit our access to capital on terms acceptable to us. 

These conditions may continue in the future. Any of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. See Note 6 of the
notes to consolidated financial statements.