Many of
the factors that affect our business and operations involve risk and
uncertainty. The factors described below are some of the risks that could
materially harm our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

•
Our
business depends on the strength of the economies in various parts of the world,
particularly in the 
United
States
 and

Europe
.
 We
conduct business in various parts of the world, primarily in the United States
and Europe and, to a lesser extent, in Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean,
South America, Canada, Asia and Australia. As a result of this worldwide
exposure, our net revenue and profitability could be harmed as a result of
economic conditions in our major markets, including, but not limited to,
recession, inflation and deflation, general weakness in retail, automotive and
construction markets, and changes in consumer purchasing power.

 10

•
Changes
in customer preferences, the inability to maintain mutually beneficial
relationships with large customers, and the inability to penetrate new channels
of distribution could adversely affect our business.
 We have a
number of major customers, including two large customers that, in the aggregate,
constituted approximately 30% of our consolidated sales in 2008. The loss of
either of these large customers, a material negative change in our relationship
with these large customers or other major customers, or changes in consumer
preferences or loyalties could have an adverse effect on our business. Our major
customers are volume purchasers, a few of which are much larger than us and have
strong bargaining power with suppliers. This limits our ability to recover cost
increases through higher selling prices. Changes in purchasing patterns by major
customers could negatively impact manufacturing volumes and inventory levels.
Further, our inability to continue to penetrate new channels of distribution may
have a negative impact on our future results.

•
The
inability to obtain raw materials, component parts, and/or finished goods in a
timely and cost-effective manner from suppliers would adversely affect our
ability to manufacture and market our products.
 We purchase
raw materials and component parts from suppliers to be used in the manufacturing
of our products. In addition, we purchase certain finished goods from suppliers.
Since the onset of the global economic crisis in 2008, certain of our suppliers
have experienced financial difficulties and we believe it is possible that a
limited number of suppliers may either cease operations or require additional
financial assistance from us in order to fulfill their obligations. In a limited
number of circumstances, the magnitude of our purchases of certain items is of
such significance that a change in our established supply relationships may
cause disruption in the marketplace, a temporary price imbalance, or both.
Changes in our relationships with suppliers or increases in the costs of
purchased raw materials, component parts or finished goods could result in
manufacturing interruptions, delays, inefficiencies or our inability to market
products. An increase in value-added taxes by various foreign jurisdictions, or
a reduction in value-added tax rebates currently available to us or to our
suppliers, could also increase the costs of our manufactured products as well as
purchased products and components and could adversely affect our results of
operations. In addition, our profit margins would decrease if prices of
purchased raw materials, component parts, or finished goods increase and we are
unable to pass on those increases to our customers.

•
We face
significant global competition.
 The
markets in which we sell products are highly competitive on the basis of price,
quality, and after-sale service. A number of competing domestic and foreign
companies are strong, well-established manufacturers that compete globally with
us. Some of our major customers sell their own "private label" brands that
compete directly with our products. Price reductions taken by us in response to
customer and competitive pressures, as well as price reductions and promotional
actions taken to drive demand that may not result in anticipated sales levels,
could also negatively impact our business. Competition has been intense in
recent years and is expected to continue. If we are unable to maintain a
competitive advantage, loss of market share, revenue, or profitability may
result.

•
Low
demand for new products and the inability to develop and introduce new products
at favorable margins could adversely impact our performance and prospects for
future growth.
 Our
competitive advantage is due in part to our ability to develop and introduce new
products in a timely manner at favorable margins. The uncertainties associated
with developing and introducing new products, such as market demand and costs of
development and production, may impede the successful development and
introduction of new products on a consistent basis. Introduction of new
technology may result in higher costs to us than that of the technology
replaced.  That increase in costs, which may continue indefinitely or
until and if increased demand and greater availability in the sources of the new
technology drive down its cost, could adversely affect our results of
operations. Market acceptance of the new products introduced in recent years and
scheduled for introduction in 2009 may not meet sales expectations due to
various factors, such as our failure to accurately predict market demand,
end-user preferences, and evolving industry standards, to resolve technical and
technological challenges in a timely and cost-effective manner, and to achieve
manufacturing efficiencies. Our investments in productive capacity and
commitments to fund advertising and product promotions in connection with these
new products could be excessive if those expectations are not met.

•
Price
increases could impact the demand for our products from customers and
end-users.
 We may
periodically increase the prices of our products. An adverse reaction by our
customers or end-users to price increases could negatively impact our
anticipated sales, profitability, manufacturing volumes, and/or inventory
levels.

 11

•
The
inability to generate sufficient cash flows to support operations and other
activities could prevent future growth and success.
 Our inability
to generate sufficient cash flows to support capital expansion, business
acquisition plans, share repurchases and general operating activities could
negatively affect our operations and prevent our expansion into existing and new
markets. Our ability to generate cash flows is dependent in part upon obtaining
necessary financing at favorable interest rates. Interest rate fluctuations and
other capital market conditions may prevent us from doing so.

•
The
global credit crisis may adversely impact the availability and cost of
credit.
 The recent
turmoil in the credit markets has resulted in higher borrowing costs and, for
some companies, has limited access to credit, particularly through the
commercial paper markets. On January 30, 2009, following our guidance for lower
earnings in 2009, our current credit rating of BBB/A2 was placed on negative
credit watch by Standard & Poor’s. 
On February 10, 2009,
Moody's Investors Service placed our current Baa2/P2 ratings under review for
possible downgrade, noting that the review would likely result in no more than a
one notch rating change, leaving our senior unsecured ratings within the
investment grade rating category.  On February 12, 2009, Fitch Ratings
affirmed our current BBB/F2 ratings, but revised our outlook from "Stable" to
"Negative".  

If our current credit
ratings were to be reduced, we may no longer be able to obtain short-term
financing under our commercial paper program and may have to draw upon
our backstop revolving credit facility or obtain other financing.
Although we believe that the lenders participating in our revolving credit
facility, which serves as a backstop to our commercial paper borrowings, will be
able to provide financing in accordance with their contractual obligations, the
current economic environment may adversely impact our ability to access funds on
reasonable terms in a timely manner. Continued disruption in the credit markets
also may negatively affect the ability of our customers and suppliers to conduct
business on a normal basis. The deterioration of our future business
performance, beyond our current expectations, could result in our non-compliance
with debt covenants.

•
Our
success depends on our ability to improve productivity and streamline operations
to control or reduce costs.
 We are
committed to continuous productivity improvement and continue to evaluate
opportunities to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and
eliminate excess capacity. We have also undertaken restructuring actions as
described in Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and in
"Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations". The ultimate savings realized from restructuring actions may be
mitigated by many factors, including economic weakness, competitive pressures,
and decisions to increase costs in areas such as promotion or research and
development above levels that were otherwise assumed. Our failure to achieve
projected levels of efficiencies and cost reduction measures and to avoid delays
in or unanticipated inefficiencies resulting from manufacturing and
administrative reorganization actions in progress or contemplated would
adversely affect our results of operations.

•
The
inability to realize new acquisition opportunities or to successfully integrate
the operations of acquired businesses could negatively impact our prospect for
future growth and profitability.
 We expend
significant resources on identifying opportunities to acquire new lines of
business and companies that could contribute to our success and expansion into
existing and new markets. Our inability to successfully identify or realize
acquisition opportunities, integrate the operations of acquired businesses, or
realize the anticipated cost savings, synergies and other benefits related to
the acquisition of those businesses could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and future growth. Acquisitions may also have a
material adverse effect on our operating results due to large write-offs,
contingent liabilities, substantial depreciation, or other adverse tax or audit
consequences.

•
Failures
of our infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our
business.
 We
are heavily dependent on our infrastructure. Significant problems with our
infrastructure, such as manufacturing failures, telephone or information
technology (IT) system failure, computer viruses or other third-party tampering
with IT systems, could halt or delay manufacturing and hinder our ability to
ship in a timely manner or otherwise routinely conduct business. Any of these
events could result in the loss of customers, a decrease in revenue, or the
incurrence of significant costs to eliminate the problem or
failure.

•
Our
products could be subject to product liability claims and
litigation.
 We
manufacture products that create exposure to product liability claims and
litigation. If our products are not properly manufactured or designed, personal
injuries or property damage could result, which could subject us to claims for
damages. The costs associated with defending product liability claims and
payment of damages could be substantial. Our reputation could also be adversely
affected by such claims, whether or not successful.

•
Our
products could be recalled.
 The Consumer
Product Safety Commission or other applicable regulatory bodies may require the
recall, repair or replacement of our products if those products are found not to
be in compliance with applicable standards or regulations. A recall could
increase costs and adversely impact our
 reputation.

 12

•
We may
have additional tax liabilities.
 We are
subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions.
Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for
income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many
transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination 

is
uncertain. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. Although we believe
our tax estimates are reasonable, the final outcome of tax audits and any
related litigation could be materially different than that which is reflected in
historical income tax provisions and accruals. Based on the status of a given
tax audit or related litigation, a material effect on our income tax provision
or net income may result in the period or periods from initial recognition in
our reported financial results to the final closure of that tax audit or
settlement of related litigation when the ultimate tax and related cash flow is
known with certainty.

•
We are
subject to current environmental and other laws and regulations.
 We are
subject to environmental laws in each jurisdiction in which we conduct business.
Some of our products incorporate substances that are regulated in some
jurisdictions in which we conduct manufacturing operations. We could be subject
to liability if we do not comply with these regulations. In addition, we are
currently and may, in the future, be held responsible for remedial
investigations and clean-up costs resulting from the discharge of hazardous
substances into the environment, including sites that have never been owned or
operated by us but at which we have been identified as a potentially responsible
party under federal and state environmental laws and regulations. Changes in
environmental and other laws and regulations in both domestic and foreign
jurisdictions could adversely affect our operations due to increased costs of
compliance and potential liability for non-compliance.

•
If our
goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets become impaired, we may be
required to record a significant charge to earnings.
 Under
United States generally accepted accounting principles, goodwill and
indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are reviewed for
impairment on an annual basis or more frequently whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. A
deterioration in the future performance of certain of our businesses, beyond our
current expectations, may result in the impairment of certain amounts of our
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. We may be required to record a
significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in
which any impairment of our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets is
determined, resulting in an impact on our results of operations.

•
Changes
in accounting may affect our reported earnings.
 For many
aspects of our business, United States generally accepted accounting principles,
including pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations, are
highly complex and require subjective judgments. Changes in these accounting
principles, including their interpretation and application, could significantly
change our reported earnings, adding significant volatility to our reported
results without a comparable underlying change in our cash flows. If the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission were to mandate the adoption of International
Financial Reporting Standards, significant changes to our reported earnings and
balance sheet could result without a comparable underlying change in our cash
flows.

•
We are
exposed to adverse changes in currency exchange rates, raw material commodity
prices or interest rates, both in absolute terms and relative to
competitors
’
 risk
profiles.
 We have a
number of manufacturing sites throughout the world and sell our products in more
than 100 countries. As a result, we are exposed to movements in the exchange
rates of various currencies against the United States dollar and against the
currencies of countries in which we have manufacturing facilities. We believe
our most significant foreign currency exposures are the euro, pound sterling,
and Chinese renminbi. A decrease in the value of the euro and pound sterling
relative to the U.S. dollar could adversely affect our results of operations. An
increase in the value of the Chinese renminbi relative to the U.S. dollar could
adversely affect our results of operations. We utilize materials in the
manufacturing of our products that include certain components and raw materials
that are subject to commodity price volatility. We believe our most significant
commodity-related exposures are to nickel, steel, resins, copper, aluminum, and
zinc. An increase in the market prices of these items could adversely affect our
results of operations. We have outstanding variable-rate and fixed-rate
borrowings. To meet our cash requirements, we may incur additional borrowings in
the future under our existing or future borrowing facilities. An increase in
interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations.

•
We are
exposed to counterparty risk in our hedging arrangements.
 From time to
time we enter into arrangements with financial institutions to hedge our
exposure to fluctuations in currency and interest rates, including forward
contracts and swap agreements. Recently, a number of financial institutions
similar to those that serve as counterparties to our hedging arrangements have
been adversely affected by the global credit crisis. The failure of one or more
counterparties to our hedging arrangements to fulfill their obligations to us
could adversely affect our results of operations.

 13

•
We
operate a global business that exposes us to additional risks.
 Our sales
outside of the United States accounted for approximately 45% of our consolidated
sales in 2008. We continue to expand into foreign markets. The future growth and
profitability of our foreign operations are subject to a variety of risks and
uncertainties, such as tariffs, nationalization, exchange controls, interest
rate fluctuations, civil unrest, governmental changes, limitations on foreign
investment in local business and other political, economic and regulatory risks
inherent in conducting business internationally. Over the past several years,
such factors have become increasingly important as a result of our higher
percentage of manufacturing in China, Mexico, and the Czech Republic and
purchases of products and components from foreign countries.

•
We have
pension plans that are exposed to adverse changes in the market values of equity
securities, fixed income securities, and other investments. Our funded
pension plans cover substantially all of our employees in the United States and
Canada (if hired before 2007) and the United Kingdom (if hired before 2005). Our
funding of pension obligations and our pension benefit costs are dependent on
the assumptions used in calculating such amounts, as compared to the actual
experience of the plans. A decrease in the market value of equity securities,
fixed income securities, and other investments could result in an increase to
those obligations and costs and could adversely affect our results of operations
and our cash flow.

•
Catastrophic
events may disrupt our business.
 Unforeseen
events, including war, terrorism and other international conflicts, public
health issues, and natural disasters such as earthquakes, hurricanes or other
adverse weather and climate conditions, whether occurring in the United States
or abroad, could disrupt our operations, disrupt the operations of our suppliers
or customers, or result in political or economic instability. These events could
reduce demand for our products and make it difficult or impossible for us to
manufacture our products, deliver products to customers, or to receive products
from suppliers. 

The
foregoing list is not exhaustive. There can be no assurance that we have
correctly identified and appropriately assessed all factors affecting our
business or that the publicly available and other information with respect to
these matters is complete and correct. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial also may
adversely impact our business. Should any risks or uncertainties develop into
actual events, these developments could have material adverse effects on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.