.

      An investment in BD involves a variety of risks and uncertainties. The following describes some of the significant risks that could adversely affect BD’s business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows.

BD’s future growth is dependent upon the development of new products, and there can be no assurance that such products will be developed. 

      A significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on products that deliver greater benefits to patients, healthcare workers and researchers. The development of these products requires
significant research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. The results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including BD’s ability to innovate, develop and manufacture new products,
complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the United States and abroad, or gain and maintain market approval of our products. In addition, patents attained by others can preclude or delay our commercialization of a
product. There can be no assurance that any products now in development or that we may seek to develop in the future will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval, or gain market acceptance.

The medical device industry is very competitive.

      The medical device industry is subject to rapid technological changes, and we face significant competition across our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold. We face this competition from a wide
range of companies. These include large medical device companies, some of which may have greater financial and marketing resources than us. We also face competition from firms that are more specialized than us with respect to particular markets.
Non-medical device companies, including pharmaceutical companies, also offer alternative therapies for disease states that may be delivered without a medical device. See “Competition” under Item 1. Business. The development of new or
improved products, processes or technologies by other companies may render our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. In addition, some competitors have established manufacturing sites or have contracted with suppliers located
in China and other low-cost manufacturing locations as a means to lower their costs. New entrants may also appear, particularly from these low-cost countries.

Inflation and fluctuations in the
 cost of raw materials could adversely affect the results of our operations.

     It is
 possible that general inflation rates will rise in 2008 and beyond, and could
 have a greater impact on worldwide economies and, consequently, on BD. BD
 purchases supplies of resins, which are oil-based components used in the
 manufacture of certain products. Any significant increases in resin purchase
 costs could impact future operating results. 

A reduction or interruption in the
 supply of certain raw materials would adversely affect BD’s manufacturing
 operations and related product sales. 

      BD purchases many different types of raw materials. We have generally been able to obtain adequate supplies of these materials. However, certain raw materials (primarily related to the BD Biosciences segment) are not
available from multiple sources. In addition, for quality assurance, cost-effectiveness and other reasons, BD elects to purchase certain raw materials from sole suppliers. While we work with suppliers to ensure continuity of supply, no assurance can
be given that these efforts will be successful. In addition, where there are regulatory requirements relating to the qualification of suppliers, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement

5

sources on a timely basis. The termination, reduction or interruption in supply of these sole-sourced raw materials could impact our ability to manufacture and sell certain of our products. 

Interruption of our manufacturing operations could adversely affect BD’s future revenues and operating income.

      We have manufacturing sites all over the world. In addition, in some instances, the manufacturing of certain of our product lines is concentrated in one or more of our plants. As a result, natural disasters (including
pandemic disease), political change, or damage to one or more of our facilities could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products.

BD is subject to a number of pending lawsuits

.

      BD is a defendant in a number of pending lawsuits, including purported class action lawsuits for alleged antitrust violations and product liability, and could be subject to additional lawsuits in the future. A more
detailed description of these lawsuits is contained in Item 3. Legal Proceedings. Given the uncertain nature of litigation generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome
of the litigation to which we are a party. In view of these uncertainties, we could incur charges in excess of any currently established accruals and, to the extent available, excess liability insurance. Any such future charges, individually or in
the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on BD’s results of operations and cash flows.

Consolidation in the healthcare industry could adversely affect BD’s future revenues and operating income.

      The medical device industry has experienced a significant amount of consolidation. As a result of this consolidation, competition to provide goods and services to customers has increased. In addition, group purchasing
organizations (“GPOs”) and integrated health delivery networks (“IDNs”) have served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has placed pricing pressure on medical device suppliers. Further consolidation in
the industry could exert additional pressure on the prices of our products. 

Changes in reimbursement practices of third-party payers could affect the demand for our products and the prices at which they are sold.

      Our sales depend, in part, on the extent to which healthcare providers and facilities are reimbursed by government authorities, private insurers and other third-party payers for the costs of our products. The coverage
policies and reimbursement levels of third-party payers may affect which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay for these products. Legislative or administrative reforms to reimbursement systems in the U.S. or abroad in a
manner could significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using BD medical devices, or result in denial of reimbursement for those products. See “Third-Party Reimbursement” under Item 1. Business. 

Product defects could adversely affect the results of our operations. 

      The design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices involve certain inherent risks. Manufacturing or design defects, unanticipated use of our products, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to the use of the
product can lead to injury or other adverse events. These events could lead to recalls or safety alerts relating to our products (either voluntary or required by the FDA or similar governmental authorities in other countries), and could result, in
certain cases, in the removal of a product from the market. Any recall could result in significant costs, as well as negative publicity that could reduce demand for our products. Personal injuries relating to the use of our products can also result
in product liability claims being brought against us. In some circumstances, such adverse events could also cause delays in new product approvals.

BD is subject to extensive regulation.

      BD is subject to extensive regulation by the FDA pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, by comparable agencies in foreign countries, and by other regulatory agencies and governing bodies. Most of BD’s
products must receive clearance or approval from the FDA or counterpart non-U.S. regulatory agencies before they can be marketed or sold. The process for obtaining marketing approval or clearance may take a significant period of time and require the
expenditure of substantial resources. The process may also require changes to our products or result in limitations on the indicated uses of the products.

 Following the introduction of a product, these agencies also periodically review our manufacturing processes and product performance. Our failure to comply with the applicable good manufacturing practices, adverse event
reporting, clinical trial and other requirements of these agencies could delay the production or marketing of our products and result in fines, delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances, or seizures or recalls of products. 

6

We cannot guarantee that any of BD’s strategic acquisitions, investments or alliances will be successful.

      While our strategy to increase revenue growth is driven primarily by internal product development, we will seek to supplement our growth through strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances. Such transactions are
inherently risky. The success of any acquisition, investment or alliance may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to properly assess and value the potential business opportunity or to successfully integrate it into our existing
business. There can be no assurance that any past or future transaction will be successful. 

We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk.

      Over half of our fiscal year 2007 revenues were derived from international operations. Our revenues outside the U.S. are affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. A discussion of the financial impact of
exchange rate fluctuations and the ways and extent to which we attempt to mitigate such impact is contained under the heading “Financial Instrument Market Risk” under “Financial Review” contained in Exhibit 13, which is
incorporated herein by reference. We cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

The international operations of BD’s business may subject BD to certain business risks. 

      BD operations outside the U.S. subject BD to certain risks, including the effects of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange (as discussed above), changes in foreign regulatory requirements, potential political
instability, trade barriers, weakening of the protection of intellectual property rights in some countries, and restrictions on the transfer of capital across borders. The success of our operations outside the U.S. will depend, in part, on our
ability to acquire or form alliances with local companies and make necessary infrastructure enhancements to, among other things, our production facilities and distribution networks.

Reductions in customers’ research budgets or government funding may adversely affect our BD Biosciences segment. 

      Our BD Biosciences segment sells products to researchers at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government laboratories and private foundations. Research and development spending of our
customers can fluctuate based on spending priorities and general economic conditions. A number of these customers are also dependent upon grants from U.S. government agencies, such as the U.S. National Institutes of Health (“NIH”), and
agencies in other countries for their funding. The level of government funding of research and development is unpredictable. In addition, there have been instances where NIH grants have been frozen or otherwise unavailable for extended periods. Any
reduction or delay in governmental funding could cause our customers to delay or forego purchases of our products. 

Our operations are dependent in part on patents and other intellectual property rights. 

      Many of BD’s businesses rely on patent, trademark and other intellectual property rights. While we do not believe that the loss of any one patent or other intellectual property asset would materially affect BD
operations, these intellectual property assets, in the aggregate, are of material importance to our business. BD can lose the protection afforded by these intellectual property assets through patent expirations, legal challenges or governmental
action. Patents attained by competitors, particularly as patents on our products expire, may also adversely affect our competitive position. The loss of a significant portion of our portfolio of intellectual property assets may have a material
adverse effect on our earnings, financial condition or cash flows. 

Natural disasters, war or terrorism could adversely affect BD’s future revenues and operating income. 

      Natural disasters, war, terrorism and international conflicts, and actions taken by the United States and other governments in response to such events, could cause significant economic disruption and political and social
instability in the U.S. and in areas outside of the U.S. in which we operate. These events could result in decreased demand for our products, adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution capabilities or our ability to source materials from
our suppliers.