.

An investment in BD involves a variety of risks and uncertainties. The following describes some of the significant risks that could
adversely affect BD’s business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. 

Global economic conditions could continue to
adversely affect our operations. 

In recent years, we have been faced with very challenging global economic conditions.
Further deterioration in the global economic environment may result in decreased demand for our products and services, increased competition, downward pressure on the prices for our products, longer sales cycles, and slower adoption of new

7 

Table of Contents

technologies. During fiscal year 2012, our revenue growth was adversely affected by conditions in the healthcare industry, including lower healthcare utilization, particularly in the U.S. and
Western Europe, increased pricing pressure for certain products in our Medical segment and an uncertain academic research spending environment for high-end instruments in our Biosciences segment. We anticipate that these industry conditions will
continue for the foreseeable future. In addition, there can be no assurance that these conditions will not adversely affect our ability to do so in the future. Weakening macroeconomic conditions may also adversely affect our suppliers, and there can
be no assurances that BD will not experience any interruptions in supply in the future. We have also experienced delays in collecting receivables in certain countries in Western Europe, and we may experience similar delays in these and other
jurisdictions experiencing liquidity problems. The continued weakness in world economies makes the strength and timing of economic recovery uncertain, and there can be no assurance that global economic conditions will not deteriorate further.

We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk. 

About 57% of our fiscal year 2012 revenues were derived from international operations, and we anticipate that a significant portion of our sales will continue to come from our international operations in
the future. The revenues we report with respect to our operations outside the United States may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. A discussion of the financial impact of exchange rate fluctuations and the ways
and extent to which we may attempt to address any impact is contained in Item. 7, Management’s Discussion of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Any hedging activities we engage in may only offset a portion of the adverse financial
impact resulting from unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the degree to which we can address these risks. 

Changes in reimbursement practices of third-party payers could affect the demand for our products and the prices at which they are sold.

Our sales depend, in part, on the extent to which healthcare providers and facilities are reimbursed by government
authorities, private insurers and other third-party payers for the costs of our products. The coverage policies and reimbursement levels of third-party payers, which can vary among public and private sources and by country, may affect which products
customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay for those products in a particular jurisdiction. Reimbursement rates can also affect the acceptance rate of new technologies. Legislative or administrative reforms to reimbursement systems in
the United States or abroad, or changes in reimbursement rates by private payers, could significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using BD products or result in denial of reimbursement for those products, which would adversely affect
customer demand or the price customers are willing to pay for such products. See “Third-Party Reimbursement” under Item 1. Business. 

Federal healthcare reform may adversely affect our results of operations. 

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the “PPACA”) was enacted in March 2010. Under the PPACA, beginning in 2013,
medical device manufacturers, such as BD, will pay a 2.3% excise tax on U.S. sales of certain medical devices. We currently estimate that our fiscal 2013 excise tax (impacting only three quarters for fiscal year 2013) will be between $40 million to
$50 million. We cannot predict with any certainty what other impact the PPACA may have on our business. The PPACA reduces Medicare and Medicaid payments to hospitals, clinical laboratories and pharmaceutical companies, and could otherwise reduce the
volume of medical procedures. These factors, in turn, could result in reduced demand for our products and increased downward pricing pressure. It is also possible that the PPACA will result in lower reimbursements for our products. Other provisions
in the law may significantly change the practice of health care and could adversely affect aspects of our business. While the PPACA is intended to expand health insurance coverage to uninsured persons in the United States, the impact of any overall
increase in access to healthcare on sales of BD’s products remains uncertain. 

Efforts to reduce the U.S. federal deficit could
adversely affect our results of operations. 

As part of the Budget Control Act passed in August 2011 to extend the federal
debt limit and reduce government spending, $1.2 trillion in automatic spending cuts (known as sequestration) over the next decade are 

8 

Table of Contents

due to go into effect, beginning in 2013, in the absence of further legislative action. Half of the automatic reductions would come from lowering the caps imposed on non-defense discretionary
spending and cutting domestic entitlement programs, including reductions in payments to Medicare providers. Government research funding could also be impacted as part of any deficit reduction. Any such reductions in government healthcare spending or
research funding could result in reduced demand for our products or additional pricing pressure. 

Price volatility could adversely affect
costs associated with our operations. 

Our results of operations could be negatively impacted by price volatility in the
cost of raw materials, components, freight and energy. In particular, BD purchases supplies of resins, which are oil-based components used in the manufacture of certain products. Any significant increases in resin costs could adversely impact future
operating results. Increases in the price of oil can also increase BD’s costs for packaging and transportation. New laws or regulations adopted in response to climate change could also increase energy costs and the costs of certain raw
materials and components. 

BD’s future growth is dependent upon the development of new products, and there can be no assurance that
such products will be developed. 

A significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on
products that deliver greater benefits to patients, healthcare workers and researchers. The development of these products requires significant research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. The results of our product development
efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including BD’s ability to innovate, develop and manufacture new products, complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the United States and abroad, or gain and
maintain market approval of our products. In addition, patents attained by others can preclude or delay our commercialization of a product. There can be no assurance that any products now in development or that we may seek to develop in the future
will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. 

We cannot guarantee that any of BD’s
strategic acquisitions, investments or alliances will be successful. 

As part of our strategy to increase revenue growth,
we seek to supplement our internal growth through strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances. Such transactions are inherently risky. The success of any acquisition, investment or alliance may be affected by a number of factors, including our
ability to properly assess and value the potential business opportunity or to successfully integrate any business we may acquire into our existing business. There can be no assurance that any past or future transaction will be successful.

The medical technology industry is very competitive. 

The medical technology industry is subject to rapid technological changes, and we face significant competition across our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold on the basis of
product features, clinical outcomes, price, services and other factors. In addition, increasing customer demand for more environmentally-friendly products is creating another basis on which BD must compete. We face this competition from a wide range
of companies. These include large medical device companies, some of which may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do, and firms that are more specialized than we are with respect to particular markets. Other firms engaged in the
distribution of medical technology products have become manufacturers of medical devices and instruments as well. In some instances, competitors, including pharmaceutical companies, also offer, or are attempting to develop, alternative therapies for
disease states that may be delivered without a medical device. The development of new or improved products, processes or technologies by other companies (such as needle-free injection technology) may render our products or proposed products obsolete
or less competitive. The entry into the market of manufacturers located in China and other low-cost manufacturing locations is also creating pricing pressure, particularly in developing markets. Some competitors have also established manufacturing
sites or have contracted with suppliers located in these countries as a means to lower their costs. 

Consolidation in the healthcare
industry could adversely affect BD’s future revenues and operating income. 

The medical technology industry has
experienced a significant amount of consolidation. As a result of this consolidation, competition to provide goods and services to customers has increased. In addition, group 

9 

Table of Contents

purchasing organizations and integrated health delivery networks have served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has also placed pricing pressure on medical device
suppliers. Further consolidation in the industry could exert additional pressure on the prices of our products. 

The international
operations of BD’s business may subject BD to certain business risks. 

The majority of our sales come from our
operations outside the United States, and we intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities in foreign markets, especially in emerging markets. BD operations outside the United States subject BD to certain risks, including the effects of
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange (discussed above), the effects of local economic conditions, changes in foreign regulatory requirements, local product preferences and product requirements, difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing
foreign operations, differing labor regulations, changes in tax laws, potential political instability, trade barriers, weakening or loss of the protection of intellectual property rights in some countries, and restrictions on the transfer of capital
across borders. The success of our operations outside the United States will depend, in part, on our ability to acquire or form and maintain alliances with local companies and make necessary infrastructure enhancements to, among other things, our
production facilities and distribution networks. 

In addition, under the U.S. tax code, we may be subject to additional
taxation to the extent we repatriate earnings from our foreign operations to the U.S. In the event we require more capital in the United States than is generated by our U.S. operations to fund acquisitions or other activities and elect to repatriate
earnings from foreign jurisdictions, our effective tax rate may be higher as a result. 

Reductions in customers’ research budgets or
government funding may adversely affect our BD Biosciences segment. 

Our BD Biosciences segment sells products to
researchers at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government laboratories and private foundations. Research and development spending of our customers can fluctuate based on spending priorities and general economic
conditions. A number of these customers are also dependent for their funding upon grants from U.S. government agencies, such as the U.S. National Institutes of Health (“NIH”) and agencies in other countries. The level of
government funding of research and development is unpredictable. There have been instances where NIH grants have been frozen or otherwise unavailable for extended periods. The availability of governmental research funding may also continue to be
adversely affected by the current economic conditions and governmental spending reductions. Any reduction or delay in governmental funding could cause our customers to delay or forego purchases of our products. 

A reduction or interruption in the supply of certain raw materials and components would adversely affect BD’s manufacturing operations and
related product sales. 

BD purchases many different types of raw materials and components. Certain raw materials (primarily
related to the BD Biosciences segment) and components are not available from multiple sources. In addition, for quality assurance, cost-effectiveness and other reasons, BD elects to purchase certain raw materials and components from sole suppliers.
The supply of these materials can be disrupted for a number of reasons, including economic conditions as described above. While we work with suppliers to ensure continuity of supply, no assurance can be given that these efforts will be successful.
In addition, due to regulatory requirements relating to the qualification of suppliers, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement sources on a timely basis or without excessive cost. The termination, reduction or interruption in
supply of these sole-sourced raw materials and components could adversely impact our ability to manufacture and sell certain of our products. 

Interruption of our manufacturing operations could adversely affect BD’s future revenues and operating income. 

We have manufacturing sites all over the world. In some instances, the manufacturing of certain of our product lines is concentrated in
one or more of our plants. Weather, natural disasters (including pandemics), 

10 

Table of Contents

terrorism, political change, failure to follow specific internal protocols and procedures, equipment malfunction, environmental factors or damage to one or more of our facilities could adversely
affect our ability to manufacture our products. 

BD is subject to a number of pending lawsuits. 

BD is a defendant in a number of pending lawsuits, including purported class action lawsuits for, among other things, alleged antitrust
violations and suits alleging patent infringement, and could be subject to additional lawsuits in the future. A more detailed description of these lawsuits is contained in Item 3. Legal Proceedings. Given the uncertain nature of litigation
generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the litigation to which we are a party. In view of these uncertainties, we could incur charges in excess of any
currently established accruals and, to the extent available, excess liability insurance. Any such future charges, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse affect on BD’s results of operations and cash flows. 

BD is subject to extensive regulation. 

BD is subject to extensive regulation by the FDA pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, by comparable agencies in foreign countries, and by other regulatory agencies and governing bodies.
Most of BD’s products must receive clearance or approval from the FDA or counterpart regulatory agencies in other countries before they can be marketed or sold. The process for obtaining marketing approval or clearance may take a significant
period of time and require the expenditure of substantial resources, and these have been increasing due to increased requirements from the FDA for supporting data for submissions. The process may also require changes to our products or result in
limitations on the indicated uses of the products. Also, governmental agencies may impose new requirements regarding registration, labeling or prohibited materials that may require us to modify or re-register products already on the market or
otherwise impact our ability to market our products in those countries. Once clearance or approval has been obtained for a product, there is an obligation to ensure that all applicable FDA and other regulatory requirements continue to be met.

Following the introduction of a product, these agencies also periodically review our manufacturing processes and product
performance. Our failure to comply with the applicable good manufacturing practices, adverse event reporting, clinical trial and other requirements of these agencies could delay or prevent the production, marketing or sale of our products and result
in fines, delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances, closure of manufacturing sites, seizures or recalls of products and damage to our reputation. Recent changes in enforcement practice by the FDA and other agencies have resulted in increased
enforcement activity, which increases the compliance risk for BD and other companies in our industry. 

Product defects could adversely
affect the results of our operations. 

The design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices involve certain inherent
risks. Manufacturing or design defects, unanticipated use of our products, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to the use of our products can lead to injury or other adverse events. These events could lead to recalls or safety alerts relating
to our products (either voluntary or required by the FDA or similar governmental authorities in other countries), and could result, in certain cases, in the removal of a product from the market. A recall could result in significant costs, as well as
negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products. Personal injuries relating to the use of our products can also result in product liability claims being brought against us. In some circumstances, such
adverse events could also cause delays in new product approvals. 

We may experience difficulties implementing our enterprise resource
planning system. 

We are engaged in a project to upgrade our enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) system. Our ERP
system is critical to our ability to accurately maintain books and records, record transactions, provide important information to our management and prepare our financial statements. The implementation of the new ERP system has required, and will
continue to require, the investment of significant financial and human resources. In 

11 

Table of Contents

addition, we may not be able to successfully complete the implementation of the new ERP system without experiencing difficulties. Any disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design and
implementation of the new ERP system could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations or otherwise operate our business.

Our operations are dependent in part on patents and other intellectual property assets. 

Many of BD’s businesses rely on patent, trademark and other intellectual property assets. These intellectual property assets, in the
aggregate, are of material importance to our business. BD can lose the protection afforded by these intellectual property assets through patent expirations, legal challenges or governmental action. Patents attained by competitors, particularly as
patents on our products expire, may also adversely affect our competitive position. In addition, competitors may claim that BD products infringe upon their intellectual property, and resolving any intellectual property claim can be costly and
time-consuming. The loss of a significant portion of our portfolio of intellectual property assets may have an adverse effect on our earnings, financial condition or cash flows. 

Breaches of our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. Our information technology systems have been, and will likely continue to be,
subjected to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, and cyber- or phishing-attacks. If successful, these cyber-attacks could compromise our confidential information and disrupt our operations. Cyber-attacks are
becoming more sophisticated and frequent, and there can be no assurances that our protective measures will prevent future security breaches that could have a significant impact on our business. 

Natural disasters, war and other events could adversely affect BD’s future revenues and operating income. 

Natural disasters (including pandemics), war, terrorism, labor disruptions and international conflicts, and actions taken by the United
States and other governments or by our customers or suppliers in response to such events, could cause significant economic disruption and political and social instability in the United States and in areas outside of the United States in which we
operate. These events could result in decreased demand for our products, adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution capabilities, or increase the costs for or cause interruptions in the supply of materials from our suppliers. 

We need to attract and retain key employees to be competitive. 

Our ability to compete effectively depends upon our ability to attract and retain executives and other key employees, including people in technical, marketing, sales and research positions. Competition
for experienced employees, particularly for persons with specialized skills, can be intense. BD’s ability to recruit such talent will depend on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, work location and work environment. If we
cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified executives and employees, our business could be adversely affected.