.

An investment in BD involves a variety of risks and uncertainties. The following describes some of the significant risks that could
adversely affect BD’s business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. 

Global economic conditions could continue to
adversely affect our operations. 

In recent years, we have been faced with very challenging global economic conditions.,
particularly in the U.S. and Western Europe. Further deterioration in the global economic environment may result in decreased demand for our products and services, increased competition, downward pressure on the prices for our products, longer sales
cycles, and slower adoption of new technologies. We anticipate that these industry conditions will continue for the foreseeable future. Weakening macroeconomic conditions may also adversely affect our suppliers, and there can be no assurances that
BD will not experience any interruptions in supply in the future. We have also experienced delays in collecting receivables in certain countries in Western Europe, and we may experience similar delays in these and other regions experiencing
liquidity problems. 

We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk. 

About 58% of our fiscal year 2013 revenues were derived from international operations, and we anticipate that a significant portion of our
sales will continue to come from outside the U.S. in the future. The revenues we report with respect to our operations outside the United States may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. A discussion of the
financial impact of exchange rate fluctuations and the ways and extent to which we may attempt to address any impact is contained in Item. 7, Management’s Discussion of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Any hedging activities we
engage in may only offset a portion of the adverse financial impact resulting from unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the degree to which we can
address these risks. 

Changes in reimbursement practices of third-party payers could affect the demand for our products and the prices at
which they are sold. 

Our sales depend, in part, on the extent to which healthcare providers and facilities are reimbursed
by government authorities, private insurers and other third-party payers for the costs of our products. The coverage policies and reimbursement levels of third-party payers, which can vary among public and private sources and by country, may affect
which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay for those products in a particular jurisdiction. Reimbursement rates can also affect the acceptance rate of new technologies. and products. Legislative or administrative
reforms to reimbursement systems in the United States or abroad, or changes in reimbursement rates by private payers, could significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using BD products or result in denial of reimbursement for those products,
which would adversely affect customer demand or the price customers are willing to pay for such products. For example, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) has proposed a series of changes to the way diagnostic tests are reimbursed
that would significantly cut reimbursement rates, including for some pathology tests that use flow cytometry. See “Third-Party Reimbursement” under Item 1. Business. 

Federal healthcare reform may adversely affect our results of operations. 

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the “PPACA”) was enacted in March 2010. Under the PPACA, beginning in 2013,
medical device manufacturers, such as BD, pay a 2.3% excise tax on U.S. sales of certain medical devices. For fiscal 2013, this excise tax (which impacted only three quarters of the fiscal year) was $40 million. We cannot predict with any certainty
what other impact the PPACA may have on our business. The PPACA reduces Medicare and Medicaid payments to hospitals, clinical laboratories and pharmaceutical companies, and could otherwise reduce the volume of medical procedures. These factors, in
turn, could result in reduced demand for our products and increased downward pricing pressure. It is also possible that the PPACA will result in lower reimbursement rates for our products. Other provisions in the law may significantly change the
practice of health care and could adversely affect aspects of our business. While the PPACA is intended to expand health insurance coverage to uninsured persons in the United States, the impact of any overall increase in access to healthcare on
sales of BD’s products remains uncertain. 

6 

Table of Contents

Efforts to reduce the U.S. federal deficit could adversely affect our results of operations.

As part of the Budget Control Act passed in August 2011 to extend the federal debt limit and reduce government spending,
$1.2 trillion in automatic spending cuts (known as sequestration) over the next decade have gone into effect, beginning in 2013, and will remain in effect in the absence of further legislative action. Half of the automatic reductions will come from
lowering the caps imposed on non-defense discretionary spending and cutting domestic entitlement programs, including reductions in payments to Medicare providers. Government research funding has also been reduced as a result of sequestration. Such
reductions in government healthcare spending or research funding could result in reduced demand for our products or additional pricing pressure. Further, there is ongoing uncertainty regarding the federal budget and federal spending levels,
including the possible impacts of a failure to increase the “debt ceiling.” Any U.S. government default on its debt could have broad macroeconomic effects that could, among other things, raise our borrowing costs. Any future shutdown of
the federal government or failure to enact annual appropriations could also have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Consolidation
in the healthcare industry could adversely affect BD’s future revenues and operating income. 

The medical technology
industry has experienced a significant amount of consolidation. As a result of this consolidation, competition to provide goods and services to customers has increased. In addition, group purchasing organizations and integrated health delivery
networks have served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has also placed pricing pressure on medical device suppliers. Further consolidation in the industry could exert additional pressure on the prices of our products.

Cost volatility could adversely affect our operations. 

Our results of operations could be negatively impacted by volatility in the cost of raw materials, components, freight and energy. In particular, BD purchases supplies of resins, which are oil-based
components used in the manufacture of certain products. Any significant increases in resin costs could adversely impact future operating results. Increases in the price of oil can also increase BD’s costs for packaging and transportation. New
laws or regulations adopted in response to climate change could also increase energy costs and the costs of certain raw materials and components. We may not be able to offset increases in these costs through other cost reductions. 

Breaches of our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. Like many
multinational corporations, our information technology systems have been subjected to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, and cyber- or phishing-attacks, and we expect to be subject to similar attacks in the
future. We also store certain information with third parties that could be subject to these types of attacks. These attacks could result in our intellectual property and other confidential information being lost or stolen, disruption of our
operations, and other negative consequences, such as increased costs for security measures or remediation costs, and diversion of management attention. Recently, we became aware that certain of our information systems have been compromised by an
external threat. Our ongoing investigation by an independent third-party security firm has not revealed the loss of information that would otherwise result in material interruption of or damage to our information systems, or material disruption of
our operations. While we will continue to implement additional protective measures to reduce the risk of and detect future cyber incidents, cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated and frequent, and the techniques used in such attacks change
rapidly. There can be no assurances that our protective measures will prevent future attacks that could have a significant impact on our business. 

BD’s future growth is dependent upon the development of new products, and there can be no assurance that such products will be developed. 

A significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on products that deliver greater benefits to patients,
healthcare workers and researchers. The development of these products requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. The results of our 

7 

Table of Contents

product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including BD’s ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate, and develop new products, complete clinical trials, obtain
regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the United States and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection for our products, and gain and maintain market approval of our products. In
addition, patents attained by others can preclude or delay our commercialization of a product. There can be no assurance that any products now in development or that we may seek to develop in the future will achieve technological feasibility, obtain
regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. 

We cannot guarantee that any of BD’s strategic acquisitions, investments or alliances
will be successful. 

As part of our strategy to increase revenue growth, we seek to supplement our internal growth through
strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances. Such transactions are inherently risky. The success of any acquisition, investment or alliance may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to properly assess and value the
potential business opportunity or to successfully integrate any business we may acquire into our existing business. There can be no assurance that any past or future transaction will be successful. 

The medical technology industry is very competitive. 

The medical technology industry is subject to rapid technological change. In addition, we face changing customer preferences and requirements, including increased customer demand for more
environmentally-friendly products. We face significant competition across our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold on the basis of product features, clinical outcomes, price, services and other factors. We face this
competition from a wide range of companies. These include large medical device companies, some of which may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do, and firms that are more specialized than we are with respect to particular
markets. Other firms engaged in the distribution of medical technology products have become manufacturers of medical devices and instruments as well. In some instances, competitors, including pharmaceutical companies, also offer, or are attempting
to develop, alternative therapies for disease states that may be delivered without a medical device. The development of new or improved products, processes or technologies by other companies (such as needle-free injection technology) may render our
products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. The entry into the market of manufacturers located in China and other low-cost manufacturing locations has also created pricing pressure, particularly in developing markets. Some
competitors have also established manufacturing sites or have contracted with suppliers located in these countries as a means to lower their costs. 

The international operations of BD’s business may subject BD to certain business risks. 

The majority of our sales come from our operations outside the United States, and we intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities in foreign markets, especially in emerging markets. BD’s foreign
operations subject BD to certain risks, including the effects of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange (discussed above), the effects of local economic conditions, foreign regulatory requirements or changes in such requirements, local product
preferences and product requirements, difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing foreign operations, differing labor regulations, changes in tax laws, potential political instability, trade barriers, weakening or loss of the protection of
intellectual property rights in some countries, trade protection and restrictions on the transfer of capital across borders. The success of our operations outside the United States depends, in part, on our ability to acquire or form and maintain
alliances with local companies and make necessary infrastructure enhancements to, among other things, our production facilities and sales and distribution networks. 

In addition, our international operations are governed by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and similar anti-corruption laws. Global enforcement of anti-corruption laws has increased
substantially in recent years, with more enforcement proceedings by U.S. and foreign governmental agencies. While we have implemented policies and procedures to enhance compliance with these laws, our international operations create the risk that
there may be unauthorized payments or offers of payments by employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors. Any alleged or actual violations of these laws may subject us to government scrutiny, severe criminal or civil sanctions and other
liabilities, and negatively affect our reputation. 

8 

Table of Contents

Under the U.S. tax code, we may also be subject to additional taxation to the extent we
repatriate earnings from our foreign operations to the U.S. In the event we require more capital in the United States than is generated by our U.S. operations to fund acquisitions or other activities and elect to repatriate earnings from foreign
jurisdictions, our effective tax rate may be higher as a result. 

Reductions in customers’ research budgets or government funding may
adversely affect our BD Biosciences segment. 

Our BD Biosciences segment sells products to researchers at pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government laboratories and private foundations. Research and development spending of our customers can fluctuate based on spending priorities and general economic conditions. A number of these
customers are also dependent for their funding upon grants from U.S. government agencies, such as the U.S. National Institutes of Health (“NIH”) and agencies in other countries. The level of government funding of research and development
is unpredictable. There have been instances where NIH grants have been frozen or otherwise unavailable for extended periods. The availability of governmental research funding may also continue to be adversely affected by the current economic
conditions and, as described above, governmental spending reductions. Any reduction or delay in governmental funding could cause our customers to delay or forego purchases of our products. 

A reduction or interruption in the supply of certain raw materials and components would adversely affect BD’s manufacturing operations and related product sales. 

BD purchases many different types of raw materials and components. Certain raw materials (primarily related to the BD Biosciences segment)
and components are not available from multiple sources. In addition, for quality assurance, cost-effectiveness and other reasons, BD elects to purchase certain raw materials and components from sole suppliers. The supply of these materials can be
disrupted for a number of reasons, including economic conditions as described above. While we work with suppliers to ensure continuity of supply, no assurance can be given that these efforts will be successful. In addition, due to regulatory
requirements relating to the qualification of suppliers, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement sources on a timely basis or without excessive cost. The termination, reduction or interruption in supply of these sole-sourced raw
materials and components could adversely impact our ability to manufacture and sell certain of our products. 

Interruption of our
manufacturing operations could adversely affect BD’s future revenues and operating income. 

We have manufacturing
sites all over the world. In some instances, the manufacturing of certain of our product lines is concentrated in one or more of our plants. Weather, natural disasters (including pandemics), terrorism, political change, failure to follow specific
internal protocols and procedures, equipment malfunction, environmental factors or damage to one or more of our facilities could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products, resulting in lost revenues and damage to our relationships
with customers. 

BD is subject to lawsuits. 

BD is or has been a defendant in a number of lawsuits, including purported class action lawsuits for, among other things, alleged antitrust violations and suits alleging patent infringement, and could be
subject to additional lawsuits in the future. A more detailed description of these lawsuits is contained in Item 3. Legal Proceedings. Given the uncertain nature of litigation generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or
range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the litigation to which we are a party. In view of these uncertainties, we could incur charges in excess of any currently established accruals and, to the extent available, excess
liability insurance. Any such future charges, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on BD’s results of operations and cash flows. 

BD is subject to extensive regulation. 

BD’s operations are global and
are affected by various state, federal and international healthcare, environmental, antitrust, anti-corruption, fraud and abuse (including anti-kickback and false claims laws) and employment laws. Violations of these laws can result in criminal or
civil sanctions, including substantial fines 

9 

Table of Contents

and, in some cases, exclusion from participation in health care programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. BD is also subject to extensive regulation by the FDA pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug
and Cosmetic Act, by comparable agencies in foreign countries, and by other regulatory agencies and governing bodies. Most of BD’s products must receive clearance or approval from the FDA or counterpart regulatory agencies in other countries
before they can be marketed or sold. The process for obtaining marketing approval or clearance may take a significant period of time and require the expenditure of substantial resources, and these have been increasing due to increased requirements
from the FDA for supporting data for submissions. The process may also require changes to our products or result in limitations on the indicated uses of the products. Governmental agencies may also impose new requirements regarding registration,
labeling or prohibited materials that may require us to modify or re-register products already on the market or otherwise impact our ability to market our products in those countries. Once clearance or approval has been obtained for a product, there
is an obligation to ensure that all applicable FDA and other regulatory requirements continue to be met. 

Following the
introduction of a product, these agencies also periodically review our manufacturing processes and product performance. Our failure to comply with the applicable good manufacturing practices, adverse event reporting, clinical trial and other
requirements of these agencies could delay or prevent the production, marketing or sale of our products and result in fines, delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances, closure of manufacturing sites, seizures or recalls of products and damage
to our reputation. Recent changes in enforcement practice by the FDA and other agencies have resulted in increased enforcement activity, which increases the compliance risk for BD and other companies in our industry. 

Product defects could adversely affect the results of our operations. 

The design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices involve certain inherent risks. Manufacturing or design defects, unapproved use of our products, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to the
use of our products can lead to injury or other adverse events. These events could lead to recalls or safety alerts relating to our products (either voluntary or required by the FDA or similar governmental authorities in other countries), and could
result, in certain cases, in the removal of a product from the market. A recall could result in significant costs, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products. Personal injuries relating to
the use of our products can also result in significant product liability claims being brought against us. In some circumstances, such adverse events could also cause delays in regulatory approval of new products. 

We may experience difficulties implementing our enterprise resource planning system. 

We are engaged in a project to upgrade our enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) system. Our ERP system is critical to our
ability to accurately maintain books and records, record transactions, provide important information to our management and prepare our financial statements. The implementation of the new ERP system has required, and will continue to require, the
investment of significant financial and human resources. In addition, we may not be able to successfully complete the implementation of the new ERP system without experiencing difficulties. Any disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design and
implementation of the new ERP system could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations or otherwise operate our business.

Our operations are dependent in part on patents and other intellectual property assets. 

Many of BD’s businesses rely on patent, trademark and other intellectual property assets. These intellectual property assets, in the
aggregate, are of material importance to our business. BD can lose the protection afforded by these intellectual property assets through patent expirations, legal challenges or governmental action. Patents attained by competitors, particularly as
patents on our products expire, may also adversely affect our competitive position. In addition, competitors may claim that BD products infringe upon their intellectual property, and resolving any intellectual property claim can be costly and
time-consuming. The loss of a significant portion of our portfolio of intellectual property assets may have an adverse effect on our earnings, financial condition or cash flows. 

10 

Table of Contents

Natural disasters, war and other events could adversely affect BD’s future revenues and operating
income. 

Natural disasters (including pandemics), war, terrorism, labor disruptions and international conflicts, and
actions taken by the United States and other governments or by our customers or suppliers in response to such events, could cause significant economic disruption and political and social instability in the United States and in areas outside of the
United States in which we operate. These events could result in decreased demand for our products, adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution capabilities, or increase the costs for or cause interruptions in the supply of materials from our
suppliers. 

We need to attract and retain key employees to be competitive. 

Our ability to compete effectively depends upon our ability to attract and retain executives and other key employees, including people in
technical, marketing, sales and research positions. Competition for experienced employees, particularly for persons with specialized skills, can be intense. BD’s ability to recruit such talent will depend on a number of factors, including
compensation and benefits, work location and work environment. If we cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified executives and employees, our business could be adversely affected.