.

          An investment in BD involves a variety of risks and uncertainties. The following describes
some of the significant risks that could adversely affect BD’s business, financial condition,
operating results or cash flows.

Current economic conditions could adversely affect our operations.

          The global financial crisis has caused extreme disruption in the financial markets, including
severely diminished liquidity and credit availability. While these conditions have not impaired
our ability to access credit markets to date, there can be no assurance that these conditions will
not adversely affect our ability to do so in the future, particularly if there is further
deterioration in the world financial markets and major economies. The current economic conditions
may also adversely affect the business of our customers and the amount spent on healthcare
generally. This could result in a decrease in the demand for our products and services, longer
sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. During 2009,
the global recession weakened the demand for our products in certain areas of our business, in
particular, that of our Biosciences segment in the U.S., which was affected by a slowdown in
research-related capital spending. The strength and timing of any economic recovery remains
uncertain, and there can be no assurance that the economic downturn will not continue to affect our
operations in the future.

          In addition, the current economic conditions may adversely affect our suppliers, such as resin
suppliers that do substantial business with the automotive industry, which could cause disruptions
in our ability to produce our products. For example, during fiscal year 2009, Lyondell Chemical
Company and certain affiliated entities (collectively, “Lyondell”) filed for protection under
Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Lyondell supplies BD with medical grade resins used to
manufacture products in our BD Medical and BD Diagnostics segments. In addition, Smurfit-Stone Container
Corp., a supplier of packaging materials, also filed for bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11.
While BD has not experienced any interruption in the supply from any of its suppliers to date,
there can be no assurances that BD will not experience any interruptions in supply in the future.

5

Table of Contents

We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk.

          Over half of our fiscal year 2009 revenues were derived from international operations. Our
revenues outside the U.S. may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates. During fiscal year 2009, worldwide currencies experienced extreme volatility, which
negatively impacted our reported results. A discussion of the financial impact of exchange rate
fluctuations and the ways and extent to which we attempt to address any impact is contained in
Item. 7, Management’s Discussion of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Our hedging
activities may, however, only offset a portion of the adverse financial impact resulting from
unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We cannot predict with any certainty
changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the degree to which we can address these risks.

Proposals to reform the U.S. healthcare system may have a material adverse effect on us.

          The U.S. Congress is considering legislation to reform the U.S. healthcare system in an effort
to contain healthcare costs and increase access. Although a number of proposals have received
varying levels of support in Congress, there still is no consensus on a number of key issues,
including coverage mandates and the establishment of a public healthcare insurance option. Several
proposals on how to finance healthcare reform are also being considered. Certain proposals would
impose an excise tax on medical device companies such as BD, which could go into effect as early as
calendar year 2010. While we cannot predict what healthcare legislation, if any, will be passed
into law, such legislation could, among other things, lower reimbursements for our products, reduce
the volume of medical procedures or impose additional financial burdens on BD.

Changes in reimbursement practices of third-party payers could affect the demand for our products
and the prices at which they are sold.

          Our sales depend, in part, on the extent to which healthcare providers and facilities are
reimbursed by government authorities, private insurers and other third-party payers for the costs
of our products. The coverage policies and reimbursement levels of third-party payers may affect
which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay for these products.
Legislative or administrative reforms to reimbursement systems in the U.S., as part of the
healthcare reform being debated, or abroad could significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures
using BD medical devices, or result in denial of reimbursement for those products. See
“Third-Party Reimbursement” under Item 1. Business.

Price volatility could adversely affect the results of our operations.

          Our results of operations could be negatively impacted by price volatility in the cost of raw
materials, components, freight and energy. In particular, BD purchases supplies of resins, which
are oil-based components used in the manufacture of certain products. Any significant increases in
resin purchase costs could impact future operating results. Increases in the price of oil can also
increase BD’s costs for packaging and transportation. These cost increases may adversely affect
our profitability.

BD’s future growth is dependent upon the development of new products, and there can be no assurance
that such products will be developed.

          A significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on products
that deliver greater benefits to patients, healthcare workers and researchers. The development of
these products requires significant research and development, clinical trials and regulatory
approvals. The results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors,
including BD’s ability to innovate, develop and manufacture new products, complete clinical trials,
obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the United States and abroad, or gain and maintain
market approval of our products. In addition, patents attained by others can preclude or delay our
commercialization of a product. There can be no assurance that any products now in development or
that we may seek to develop in the future will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory
approval, or gain market acceptance.

The medical technology industry is very competitive.

          The medical technology industry is subject to rapid technological changes, and we face
significant competition across our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold.
We face this competition from a wide range of companies. These include large medical device
companies, some of which may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do. We also
face competition from firms that are more specialized than us with
respect to particular markets. Other firms engaged in the
distribution of medical technology products have become manufacturers
of medical devices and instruments as well.
In some instances, competitors,
including pharmaceutical companies, also offer, or are attempting to develop, alternative therapies
for disease states that may be delivered without a medical device. The development of new or
improved products, processes or technologies by other companies (such as needle-free injection
technology) may render our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. In
addition, the entry into the market of manufacturers located in China and other low-cost
manufacturing locations are creating increased pricing pressures, particularly in developing
markets. Some competitors have also established manufacturing sites or have contracted with
suppliers located in these countries as a means to lower their costs. New entrants may also
appear, particularly from these low-cost countries.

6

Table of Contents

A reduction or interruption in the supply of certain raw materials and components would adversely
affect BD’s manufacturing operations and related product sales.

          BD purchases many different types of raw materials and components. We have generally been
able to obtain adequate supplies of these materials. However, certain raw materials (primarily
related to the BD Biosciences segment) and components are not available from multiple sources. In
addition, for quality assurance, cost-effectiveness and other reasons, BD elects to purchase
certain raw materials and components from sole suppliers. The supply of these materials can be
disrupted for a number of reasons, including current economic conditions as described above.
While we work with suppliers to ensure continuity of supply, no assurance can be given that these
efforts will be successful. In addition, where there are regulatory requirements relating to the
qualification of suppliers, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement sources on a
timely basis. The termination, reduction or interruption in supply of these sole-sourced raw
materials and components could impact our ability to manufacture and sell certain of our products.

Interruption of our manufacturing operations could adversely affect BD’s future revenues and
operating income.

          We have manufacturing sites all over the world. In addition, in some instances, the
manufacturing of certain of our product lines is concentrated in one or more of our plants. As a
result, weather, natural disasters (including pandemic disease), terrorism, political change, or
damage to one or more of our facilities could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our
products.

BD is subject to a number of pending lawsuits.

          BD is a defendant in a number of pending lawsuits, including purported class action lawsuits
for alleged antitrust violations and product liability, and could be subject to additional lawsuits
in the future. A more detailed description of these lawsuits is contained in Item 3. Legal
Proceedings. Given the uncertain nature of litigation generally, we are not able in all cases to
estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the
litigation to which we are a party. In view of these uncertainties, we could incur charges in
excess of any currently established accruals and, to the extent available, excess liability
insurance. Any such future charges, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely affect BD’s
results of operations and cash flows.

Consolidation in the healthcare industry could adversely affect BD’s future revenues and operating
income.

          The medical technology industry has experienced a significant amount of consolidation. As a
result of this consolidation, competition to provide goods and services to customers has increased.
In addition, group purchasing organizations and integrated health delivery networks have served to
concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has placed pricing pressure on medical
device suppliers. Further consolidation in the industry could exert additional pressure on the
prices of our products.

Product defects could adversely affect the results of our operations.

          The design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices involve certain inherent risks.
Manufacturing or design defects, unanticipated use of our products, or inadequate disclosure of
risks relating to the use of our products can lead to injury or other adverse events. These events
could lead to recalls or safety alerts relating to our products (either voluntary or required by
the FDA or similar governmental authorities in other countries), and could result, in certain
cases, in the removal of a product from the market. A recall could result in significant costs, as
well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products.
Personal injuries relating to the use of our products can also result in product liability claims
being brought against us. In some circumstances, such adverse events could also cause delays in new
product approvals.

We may experience difficulties implementing our enterprise resource planning system.

          We have initiated a project to upgrade our enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) system. Our
ERP system is critical to our ability to accurately maintain books and records, record
transactions, provide important information to our management and prepare our financial statements.
The design and implementation of the new ERP system has required, and will continue to require,
the investment of significant financial and human resources. The total cost needed to implement
the new ERP system may turn out to be more than we currently anticipate. In addition, we may not
be able to successfully implement the new ERP system without experiencing difficulties. Any
disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design and implementation of the new ERP system could
adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, provide services and customer
support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations or otherwise operate our
business.

BD is subject to extensive regulation.

          BD is subject to extensive regulation by the FDA pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act, by comparable agencies in foreign countries, and by other regulatory agencies and
governing bodies. Most of BD’s products must receive clearance or approval from the FDA or
counterpart non-U.S. regulatory agencies before they can be marketed or sold. The process for
obtaining marketing approval or clearance may take a significant period of time and require the
expenditure of substantial resources. The process may also require changes to our products or
result in limitations on the indicated uses of the products. In addition, regulatory requirements
outside the U.S. change frequently, requiring prompt action to maintain compliance, particularly
when product modifications are required.

          Following the introduction of a product, these agencies also periodically review our
manufacturing processes and product performance. Our failure to comply with the applicable good
manufacturing practices, adverse event reporting, clinical trial and other

7

Table of Contents

requirements of these agencies could delay or prevent the production, marketing or sale of our
products and result in fines, delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances, closure of
manufacturing sites, seizures or recalls of products and damage to our reputation.

We cannot guarantee that any of BD’s strategic acquisitions, investments or alliances will be
successful.

          While our strategy to increase revenue growth is driven primarily by internal product
development, we seek to supplement our growth through strategic acquisitions, investments and
alliances. Such transactions are inherently risky. The success of any acquisition, investment or
alliance may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to properly assess and value
the potential business opportunity or to successfully integrate it into our existing business.
There can be no assurance that any past or future transaction will be successful.

The international operations of BD’s business may subject BD to certain business risks.

          BD operations outside the U.S. subject BD to certain risks, including the effects of
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange (as discussed above), the spread of a global economic
downturn, changes in foreign regulatory requirements, potential political instability, trade
barriers, weakening of the protection of intellectual property rights in some countries, and
restrictions on the transfer of capital across borders. The success of our operations outside the
U.S. will depend, in part, on our ability to acquire or form alliances with local companies and
make necessary infrastructure enhancements to, among other things, our production facilities and
distribution networks.

Reductions in customers’ research budgets or government funding may adversely affect our BD
Biosciences segment.

          Our BD Biosciences segment sells products to researchers at pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies, academic institutions, government laboratories and private foundations. Research and
development spending of our customers can fluctuate based on spending priorities and, as was
experienced in fiscal year 2009, general economic conditions. A number of these customers are also
dependent for their funding upon grants from U.S. government agencies, such as the U.S. National
Institutes of Health (“NIH”) and agencies in other countries. The level of government funding of
research and development is unpredictable. There have been instances where NIH grants have been
frozen or otherwise unavailable for extended periods. The availability of governmental research
funding may also continue to be adversely affected by the current economic downturn. Any reduction
or delay in governmental funding could cause our customers to delay or forego purchases of our
products.

Our operations are dependent in part on patents and other intellectual property rights.

          Many of BD’s businesses rely on patent, trademark and other intellectual property rights.
While we do not believe that the loss of any one patent or other intellectual property asset would
materially adversely affect BD operations, these intellectual property assets, in the aggregate,
are of material importance to our business. BD can lose the protection afforded by these
intellectual property assets through patent expirations, legal challenges or governmental action.
Patents attained by competitors, particularly as patents on our products expire, may also adversely
affect our competitive position. The loss of a significant portion of our portfolio of intellectual
property assets may have an adverse effect on our earnings, financial condition or cash flows.

Natural disasters, war and other events could adversely affect BD’s future revenues and operating
income.

          Natural
disasters (including pandemics), war, terrorism, labor disruptions and international conflicts,
and actions taken by the United States and other governments in response to such events, could
cause significant economic disruption and political and social instability in the U.S. and in areas
outside of the U.S. in which we operate. These events could result in decreased demand for our
products, adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution capabilities, or increase the costs
for or cause interruptions in the supply of materials from our suppliers. Recently, the World
Health Organization issued its highest pandemic alert relating to the H1N1 flu. Depending on its
severity, such a pandemic could adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution capabilities,
or increase the costs for, or cause interruptions in, the supply of materials from our suppliers.

We need to attract and retain key employees to be competitive.

          Our ability to compete effectively depends upon our ability to attract and retain executives
and other key employees, including people in technical, marketing, sales and research positions.
Competition for experienced employees, particularly for persons with specialized skills, can be
intense. The Company’s ability to recruit such talent will depend on a number of factors, including
compensation and benefits, work location and work environment. If we cannot effectively recruit and
retain qualified executives and employees, our business could be adversely affected.