. 

We believe that the following risks and uncertainties may be material to our business. Additional risks and uncertainties that we currently consider to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any
of the following risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted. 

Current economic challenges may continue and a recovery may be slow or reverse, adversely impacting our financial results and liquidity. 

Stable economic conditions globally, including strong employment, consumer confidence and credit availability, are important not only to the basic health of our consumer markets, but also our own financial
condition. While the major economic disruptions of the global financial markets have subsided, significant economic challenges remain globally, including high unemployment, low consumer confidence, record budget deficits and levels of government
debt, and fragile credit and housing markets. As a result, consumers’ increased price consciousness may endure. These factors may adversely impact our financial results and liquidity. A prolonged global economic stagnation may impact our access
to long-term capital markets, result in increased interest rates on our corporate debt, and weaken operating cash flow and liquidity. Decreased cash flow and liquidity could potentially impact our ability to pay dividends, fund acquisitions and
repurchase shares in the future. 

A significant portion of our business is impacted by risks associated with fluctuations in
the U.S. housing market. 

Our home products business is primarily impacted by U.S. demand for remodeling and repair of existing
homes, as well the market for new homes. Demand for our products is strongly influenced by the financial strength and confidence of consumers, and by consumers’ household income, job security, access to credit and belief in housing as a
sound investment. While home prices have begun to stabilize, the housing market continues to face downward pressures resulting from high levels of inventory and foreclosures. In addition, the withdrawal of supportive government programs for home
products, such as the first time home buyer tax credit, the energy tax credit and the distressed mortgage buying programs decreased demand and, at least in the short term, negatively impacted the housing recovery. Demographic factors, such
as aging housing stock, changes in population growth and household formation will have a long-term effect on the home improvement, repair and residential construction markets. While demographic trends are favorable for the long-term growth of
the U.S. home products market, it is very difficult to predict the timing and sustainability of the recovery. 

13 

Table of Contents

We operate in very competitive consumer categories, subject to changes in consumer trends. 

While we largely compete for customers on the basis of product quality, brand strength and service, price is also an important basis of selection and competition.
Our success depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful new products and product improvements. We aim to introduce products and new or improved
production processes proactively to more than offset obsolescence and decreases in sales of existing products. While we devote significant focus to the development of new products, we may not be successful in their development or these new products
may not be commercially successful. In addition, it is possible competitors may either improve more rapidly or effectively or resort to price competition to sustain market share and manufacturing capacity utilization, both of which could adversely
affect our sales, margins and profitability. In addition, market demand may decline as a result of consumer preferences trending away from our categories and adversely impact our results. 

Continued consolidation of our trade customers, particularly in the home and security industry, could adversely affect our business. 

Though large customers can offer efficiencies and unique product opportunities, consolidation increases their size and importance. These larger customers can make significant changes in their volume of purchases,
seek price reductions and even become competitors for some products. Further consolidation could adversely affect our margins and profitability, particularly if we were to lose a significant customer. 

Risks associated with the Proposed Separation. 

The
Proposed Separation is complex in nature, subject to various regulatory, tax and Board approvals, and may be affected by unanticipated developments or changes in market conditions. As a result, the Proposed Separation may be delayed or not occur.

We expect to achieve substantial benefits of focus as a result of the Proposed Separation, resulting in significantly enhanced long-term growth and
return prospects for each business and offering substantially greater total long-term value to shareholders. However, the Company cannot predict with certainty when these benefits will occur or the extent to which they will be achieved, if at all.
Furthermore, there are various uncertainties and risks relating to the process of the Proposed Separation that could have a negative impact on our results, including disruption of our operations and impairment of our relationship with key personnel,
customers and vendors. 

If the Proposed Separation is successfully completed, the Company will face new and unique risks, including the possibility of
reduced financial resources and less diversification of revenue sources, which may adversely impact future results. 

While the Company believes that a
spin-off distribution of our Home & Security or Golf businesses will qualify as tax-free under Section 355 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, this is not certain and both the Company and our shareholders could incur significant U.S. federal
income tax liabilities if taxing authorities conclude the distribution is taxable. 

Risks associated with our strategic acquisitions and joint
ventures could adversely affect our business. 

We continue to consider acquisitions and joint ventures as a means of enhancing shareowner
value. Acquisitions and joint ventures involve risks and uncertainties, including: difficulties integrating acquired companies and operating joint ventures, retaining the acquired businesses’ customers and

14 

Table of Contents

brands, and achieving the expected financial results and benefits of transactions, such as cost savings, and revenue increases from expanded geographic or product presence; loss of key employees
from acquired companies; implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems; and diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns. Future acquisitions could cause us to
incur additional debt, issue shares and experience dilution in earnings per share and return on capital. 

Downgrades of our credit ratings could
adversely affect us. 

If Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s or Fitch were to downgrade our credit ratings to a non-investment grade
rating, such a downgrade could result in an increase to our interest expense, cost of capital and impact our future capability to access credit. Downgrades of our credit ratings would adversely affect the fair value and marketability of our
outstanding debt. 

Risks associated with interest rate fluctuations, as well as commodity and energy availability, price increases and volatility
could adversely affect our business. 

We are exposed to risks associated with interest rate fluctuations and commodity price volatility arising
from supply conditions, geopolitical and economic variables, weather, and other unpredictable external factors. We buy commodities, including wood, steel, copper, zinc, titanium, glass, plastic, resins, particleboard, grains and grapes. We also grow
agave plants for tequila production. Availability, increases and volatility in the prices of these commodities, as well as products sourced from third parties and energy used in making, distributing and transporting our products, could increase the
manufacturing costs of our products. While in the past we have been able to mitigate the impact of these cost increases through productivity improvements and passing on increasing costs to our customers, there is no assurance that we will be able to
offset such cost increases in the future. While we may use derivative contracts to limit our exposure to commodity price volatility, the exposures under these contracts could still be material to our results of operations, cash flows, and financial
condition. 

Risks associated with our ability to continuously improve organizational productivity and global supply chain efficiency and flexibility
could adversely affect our business. 

We need to continually evaluate our organizational productivity and global supply chains and assess
opportunities to reduce costs and assets. We must also enhance quality, speed and flexibility to meet changing and uncertain market conditions. Our success also depends in part on refining our cost structure and supply chains to promote a
consistently flexible and low cost supply chain that can respond to market pressures to protect profitability and cash flow or ramp up quickly and effectively to meet demand. Failure to achieve the desired level of quality, capacity or cost
reductions could impair our financial results. Despite proactive efforts to control costs and reduce production in our facilities, increased competition could still cause lower operating margins and profitability. 

We manufacture, source and sell many products internationally and are exposed to risks associated with doing business globally. 

We manufacture, source or sell our products in the United States, Europe, Canada, Australia, Mexico, China, Thailand, India, South Korea and other countries.
Accordingly, we are subject to risks associated with potential disruption caused by changes in political, economic and social environments, including civil and political unrest, terrorism, possible expropriation, local labor conditions, changes in
laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments, trade disputes with the U.S., as well as U.S. laws affecting activities of U.S. companies abroad, including tax laws and enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights. Our
success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage our businesses through the impact of these potential changes. 

15 

Table of Contents

We source and sell products globally and are exposed to currency exchange rate risks, including those related to
the recent volatility of the U.S. dollar. 

We sell and produce products in the United States, Europe, China and other areas (principally
Canada, Mexico and Australia). While we hedge certain foreign currency transactions, a change in the value of the currencies will impact our financial statements when translated into U.S. dollars. In addition, fluctuations in currency can
adversely impact the cost position in local currency of our products, making it more difficult for our operations to compete. The exchange rates between some of the major foreign currencies in which our subsidiaries operate (including the British
pound sterling, Australian dollar, euro, Japanese yen, Canadian dollar and Mexican peso) and the U.S. dollar have fluctuated significantly in recent years and are likely to continue to do so in the future. A revaluation of the Chinese yuan
may significantly impact the cost of our products. 

The inability to secure and maintain rights to intellectual property could adversely affect
our business. 

We have many patents, trademarks, brand names and trade names that are important to our business. Our business could be
adversely affected by the loss of any major brand or by infringement of our intellectual property rights. We are also subject to risks in this area because existing patent, trade secret and trademark laws offer only limited protection, and the laws
of some countries in which our products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold may not fully protect our products from infringement by others. In addition, others may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us or
our customers. With respect to our Golf business, we are subject to intellectual property lawsuits that might cause us to incur significant costs, and if resolved unfavorably, pay significant damages, prohibit us from selling products or delay
the introduction of new products. 

Our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could adversely affect our business. 

Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our senior management team and key employees. Their motivation, skills, experience and industry
contacts significantly benefit our operations and administration. The failure to attract, motivate and retain members of our senior management team and key employees could have a negative effect on our operating results. 

Changes in government and industry regulatory standards could adversely affect our businesses 

In the Golf business, our ability to develop and market new products is potentially hindered by rules governing equipment standards set by industry associations, such as restrictions on golf club head size and
shaft length, and the overall distance standard for golf balls. Changes in equipment standards could adversely impact our Golf business. Our Spirits business is subject to extensive regulatory requirements regarding distribution, production,
labeling, and marketing. Changes to regulation of the beverage alcohol industry could include increased limitations on advertising and promotional activities or other non-tariff measures that could adversely impact our spirits business. 

In addition, all of our businesses face government regulations pertaining to the health and safety of our employees and our consumers as well as regulations
addressing our businesses’ impact on the environment, domestically as well as internationally. Our compliance with these regulations includes responding to emerging climate change initiatives, restrictions on lead content in plumbing
products, regulations governing formaldehyde emissions applicable to our manufacture of cabinets and standards on volatile organic compounds which impact all of our businesses. Compliance with these health, safety and environmental regulations
may require us to alter our manufacturing processes and our sourcing. Such actions could adversely impact our results and our ability to effectively and timely meet such regulations could adversely impact our competitive position. 

16 

Table of Contents

Changes in excise taxes and incentives related to distilled spirits could adversely affect our Spirits business.

Distilled spirits are subject to potential excise tax increases in many countries as a result of economic and societal pressures. While no federal
excise tax increase is presently pending in the United States, our largest market, fiscal pressures are rising dramatically, increasing the risk of a potential federal excise tax increase on spirits. Many states and other jurisdictions are
considering possible excise tax increases. The effect of any future excise tax increases cannot be determined, but could have an adverse effect on our business by increasing prices and reducing demand. Our Spirits business is the recipient of
certain governmental financial incentives in connection with its manufacture of rum. The amount and availability of financial incentives in future periods cannot be assured. Any reduction in incentives would have an adverse effect on our Spirits
business by increasing production costs. 

Our businesses rely on the performance of wholesale distributors and other marketing arrangements and could
be adversely affected by poor performance or other disruptions in our distribution channels and customers. 

Our spirits products are sold
principally through wholesale distributors for resale to retail outlets. Though generally very profitable, the replacement, poor performance or financial default of a major distributor or one of its major customers could adversely affect our
businesses. Our Home & Security business also relies on a distribution network comprised of consolidating customers. Any unplanned disruption to the existing distribution could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. The sale of a
distributor to a competitor or, financial instability or default of the distributor or one of its major customers, potentially could cause such a disruption. 

Costs and funding requirements of certain employee and retiree benefits may continue to accelerate. 

Increases
in the costs of medical and pension benefits may continue and negatively affect our business as a result of: increased usage of medical benefits by current and retired employees and medical cost inflation in the United States; the effect
of potential declines in the stock and bond markets on the performance of our pension plan assets; potential reductions in the discount rate used to determine the present value of our benefit obligations; and changes in law and accounting
standards that may increase the funding of, and the expense reflected for, employee benefits. 

Future tax law changes and/or interpretation of
existing tax laws may materially impact the Company’s effective income tax rate and the resolution of unrecognized tax benefits. 

Our
businesses are subject to income taxation in the U.S. as well as internationally. It is possible that future income tax legislation may be enacted that could have a material impact on our worldwide income tax provision. We are routinely audited by
income tax authorities in many jurisdictions. Although we believe that the recorded tax estimates are reasonable and appropriate, there are significant uncertainties in these estimates. As a result, the ultimate outcome from any audit could be
materially different from amounts reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. Future settlements of income tax audits may have a material effect on earnings between the period of initial recognition of tax estimates in the financial
statements and the point of ultimate tax audit settlement. In addition, it is possible that future income tax legislation may be enacted that could have a material impact on our worldwide income tax provision. 

Potential liabilities and costs from litigation could adversely affect our business. 

Our businesses are subject to risks related to litigation, including with respect to alcohol-related liability, as well as tobacco products made and sold by former subsidiaries. Our Golf business faces

17 

Table of Contents

patent litigation that could result in significant costs as well as potentially impact our ability to sell products. It is not possible to predict the outcome of pending or future litigation,
and, as with any litigation, it is possible that some of the actions could be decided unfavorably and could have a material adverse effect on the results of the Company’s operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Historical financial statements may not be reflective of our future results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 

Although we believe that this report contains material information necessary to make an informed assessment of our assets and liabilities, financial position,
profit and losses and prospects, historical financial statements do not represent what our results of operations, cash flows, or financial position will be for any future periods. 

An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets could negatively affect our operating results and stockholders’ equity. 

The carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date, net of
any cumulative impairments. The carrying value of other intangible assets represents the fair value of trademarks, tradenames and other acquired intangible assets as of the acquisition date, net of impairments and accumulated amortization. Goodwill
and other acquired intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated for impairment by our management at least annually. If carrying value exceeds current fair value as determined based
on the discounted future cash flows of the related business, the intangible asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. Events and conditions that could result in future impairments include a change
in expected global consumer spending and timing of the recovery from the global recession, and if market growth rates in certain categories in our Spirits business were to slow significantly. In addition, future impairment could be caused by changes
in the consumer categories in which we operate as well as competition, a significant product liability or intellectual property claim, or other factors leading to reduction in expected long-term sales or profitability. If the value of goodwill or
other acquired intangible assets is impaired, our earnings and stockholders’ equity could be adversely affected. 

Various other external
conditions such as weather could adversely impact our sales, profitability, and cash flow from operations. 

Weather conditions are also a factor
impacting year-to-year comparisons in our Golf business as well as our U.S. manufacturing capabilities. Specifically, adverse weather conditions can erode annual rounds of play, thus decreasing the short term demand for our golf products. In
addition, extreme weather events could potentially disrupt the Company’s supply chain coordination in the event of damage to our facilities or the inventory located at our facilities.