. 

We believe that the following risks and uncertainties may be material to our business. Additional
risks and uncertainties that we currently consider to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely
impacted. 

We operate in highly competitive consumer categories. 

While we
largely compete for customers on the basis of product quality, brand strength and service, price is also an important basis of selection and competition. Our success depends on maintaining the strength of our consumer brands by continuously
improving our offerings and appealing to the changing needs and preferences of our customers and end consumers. While our businesses are leaders in their categories and devote significant resources to continuous improvement of their products and
marketing strategies, it is possible competitors may improve more rapidly or effectively, adversely affecting our sales, margins and profitability. 

Demand for
our products and our financial results are dependent on the successful development of new products and processes. 

Our success depends in part on fulfilling
consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful new products and product improvements. We aim to introduce products and new or improved production processes on a timely basis to counteract obsolescence and decreases
in sales of existing products. While we devote significant focus to the development of new products and to research and development of new approaches to supply, we may not be successful in the development of new products or these techniques, or our
new products may not be commercially successful. 

The inability to secure and maintain rights to intellectual property could adversely affect our business.

We have many patents, trademarks, brand names and trade names that are important to our business. Our business could be adversely affected by the loss of any
major brand or by infringement of our intellectual property rights. We are also subject to risks in this area because existing patent, trade secret and trademark laws offer only limited protection, and the laws of some countries in which our
products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold may not fully protect our products from infringement by others. In addition, others may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us or our customers. 

A significant portion of our business is impacted by risks associated with fluctuations in the U.S. housing market. 

Our home and hardware products are impacted primarily by demand for remodeling and repair on existing homes as well as demand for new homes. Demand for these end uses is
significantly influenced by affordability, mortgage interest rates and availability, employment and consumer confidence, home prices and the inventory of homes for sale, as well as the number of homes constructed and, to a lesser extent, existing
home sales. Demographic factors, such as aging housing stock, changes in population growth and household formation, affect levels of home improvement and residential construction over the longer term. While demographic trends are
favorable for the long-term growth of the U.S. home products market, it is very difficult to predict the extent and duration of the ongoing downturn in the U.S. home products market as well as its adverse impact on our operating results. 

12 

Table of Contents

Continued consolidation of our trade customers, particularly in the home & hardware industry, could adversely affect
our business. 

Though large customers can offer efficiencies and unique product opportunities, consolidation increases their size and importance. These
larger customers can make significant changes in their volume of purchases, seek price reductions and even become competitors for some products. Further consolidation could adversely affect our margins and profitability, particularly if we were to
lose a significant customer. 

Risks associated with our ability to continuously improve productivity and supply chain efficiency could adversely affect our
business. 

We need to continually evaluate our manufacturing processes and assess opportunities to reduce costs. Our success also depends in part on refining our
supply chain to promote a consistently flexible supply chain that can respond to market pressures. Failure to achieve the desired level of flexibility could impair our financial results. 

Our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could adversely affect our business. 

Our success depends in part on the
efforts and abilities of our senior management team and key employees. Their motivation, skills, experience and industry contacts significantly benefit our operations and administration. The failure to attract, motivate and retain members of our
senior management team and key employees could have a negative effect on our operating results. 

Risks associated with our strategic acquisitions and joint
ventures could adversely affect our business. 

We have completed a number of acquisitions and joint ventures, including the purchase of more than
25 spirits and wine brands and distribution assets from Pernod Ricard S.A. in 2005, and the acquisition of the Simonton window business in 2006, as well as the formation of spirits sales distribution joint ventures, including Future Brands
LLC in the U.S. in 2001 and Maxxium for certain international markets in 1999. We will continue to consider acquisitions and joint ventures as a means of enhancing shareowner value. Acquisitions and joint ventures involve risks and uncertainties,
including: difficulties integrating acquired companies and operating joint ventures, retaining the acquired businesses’ customers and brands, and achieving the expected financial results and benefits of transactions, such as revenue increases,
cost savings, and increases in geographic or product presence; loss of key employees from acquired companies; implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems; and diversion of
management’s attention from other business concerns. 

Future acquisitions could cause us to incur additional debt, issue shares, increase contingent
liabilities, increase interest expense and amortization expense related to intangible assets, as well as experience dilution in earnings per share and return on capital. Future impairment losses on goodwill and intangible assets with an indefinite
life, or restructuring charges, could also occur as a result of acquisitions. 

Various external conditions — including economic, weather and business
conditions — could adversely impact our sales and profitability. 

Demand for our products is sensitive to many external factors. While total
consumption of spirits is relatively stable year to year, the faster growth of higher priced premium spirits may be adversely impacted by economic pressures on the consumer, particularly those that impact discretionary consumer spending in our
categories. Our Home and Hardware business is impacted primarily by demand for remodeling and repair of existing homes as well as demand for new homes. Our Golf business is impacted by vacation travel volume and corporate spending. Weather
conditions are also 

13 

Table of Contents

a factor impacting year-to-year comparisons in our Home and Hardware and Golf segments. The impact of these external factors is difficult to predict, and one or more
of these factors could adversely affect our business. Despite proactive efforts to control costs, reduced production in our facilities resulting from the factors above could result in lower operating margins and profitability. 

Risks associated with interest rate fluctuations as well as commodity and energy availability, price increases and volatility could adversely affect our business. 

We are exposed to risks associated with interest rate fluctuations and commodity price volatility arising from weather, supply conditions, geopolitical and economic
variables, and other unpredictable external factors. We buy commodities, including steel, copper, zinc, titanium, glass, plastic, resins, wood, particleboard, grains and grapes. We also grow agave plants for tequila production. Availability,
increases and volatility in the prices of these commodities as well as products sourced from third parties, and energy used in making, distributing and transporting our products, could increase the manufacturing costs of our products. While in the
past we have been able to mitigate the impact of these cost increases through productivity improvements and passing on increasing costs to our customers, there is no assurance that we will be able to offset these cost increases in the future. While
we may use derivative contracts to limit our exposure to commodity price volatility, the exposures under these contracts could still be material to our results of operations and financial condition. 

We manufacture and source many products internationally and are exposed to risks associated with doing business globally. 

We manufacture and source our products in the United States, Europe, Canada, Mexico, China, Thailand and other countries. Accordingly, we are subject to risks associated with
changes in political, economic and social environments, civil unrest, possible expropriation, local labor conditions, changes in laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments, trade disputes with the U.S., as well as U.S. laws affecting
activities of U.S. companies abroad, including tax laws and enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights. Exchange rate fluctuations may impact the cost of sourced products and our financial results. 

We sell products globally and are exposed to currency exchange rate risks. 

We sell
products in the United States, Europe and other areas (principally Canada, Mexico and Australia). While we hedge certain foreign currency transactions, a change in the value of the currencies can impact our financial statements when translated
into U.S. dollars. The exchange rates between some of the foreign currencies in which our subsidiaries operate and the U.S. dollar have fluctuated significantly in recent years and may do so in the future. 

Our businesses rely on the performance of wholesale distributors and other marketing arrangements and could be adversely affected by poor performance or other disruptions in
our distribution channels. 

Our spirits are sold principally through wholesale distributors for resale to retail outlets. The replacement, poor performance or
financial default of a major distributor or one of its major customers could adversely affect our Spirits business. Our Home and Hardware business relies on a distribution network comprised of consolidating customers. Any unplanned disruption to the
existing distribution could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. A disruption could be caused by the sale of a distributor to a competitor, financial instability or default of the distributor or one of its major customers, or other
unforeseen events. 

14 

Table of Contents

Costs of certain employee and retiree benefits may continue to rise. 

Increases in the costs of medical and pension benefits could continue and negatively affect our business as a result of: increased usage of medical benefits by current and
retired employees and medical inflation in the United States; the effect of any decline in the stock and bond markets on the performance of our pension plan assets; potential reductions in the discount rate used to determine the present
value of our benefit obligations; and changes in law and accounting standards that may increase the funding of, and the expense reflected for, employee benefits. 

Changes in regulatory standards could adversely affect our businesses. 

In the Golf business, our ability to develop and market new products is
potentially diminished by rules governing equipment standards set by industry associations, such as restrictions on golf club head size and shaft length, and the overall distance standard for golf balls. Changes in equipment standards could
adversely impact our Golf business. In the Home and Hardware business, California recently enacted legislation mandating new standards for acceptable lead content in plumbing products for sale in California effective January 1, 2010. While we
believe our Moen faucet business will execute plans to meet the new standards by the effective date, implementation is not certain and financial results may be adversely impacted. Our Spirits business is subject to extensive regulatory requirements
regarding distribution, production, labeling, and marketing. Changes to regulation of the beverage alcohol industry could include increased limitations on advertising and promotional activities or other non-tariff measures that could adversely
impact our spirits business. 

Increased excise taxes on distilled spirits could adversely affect our Spirits business. 

Distilled spirits are subject to excise tax in many countries where we operate. No federal excise tax increase is presently pending in the United States, our largest market.
However, many states and other jurisdictions are considering possible excise tax increases. The effect of any future excise tax increases in any jurisdiction cannot be determined, but increased excise taxes could have an adverse effect on our
business by reducing demand. 

Potential liabilities and costs from litigation could adversely affect our business. 

Our business is subject to risks related to litigation, including with respect to alcohol-related liability, as well as tobacco products made and sold by former subsidiaries. It
is not possible to predict the outcome of pending or future litigation, and, as with any litigation, it is possible that some of the actions could be decided unfavorably. 

Downgrades of our credit ratings could adversely affect us. 

If Moody’s, S&P or Fitch were to downgrade our credit rating, such a downgrade
could result in loss of access to the commercial paper market and increase our cost of capital. Downgrades of our credit ratings could also affect the value or marketability of our outstanding notes. 

Historical financial statements may not be reflective of our future financial condition and results of operations due to recent portfolio changes or other reasons. 

We recently made changes in our business, as discussed in this report, including the acquisition of the Simonton window business and the sale of our U.S. Wine
business. Although we believe that this report contains all material information that is necessary to make an informed assessment of our assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects, historical financial statements do
not necessarily represent what our results of operations or financial position will be for any future periods. 

15 

Table of Contents

An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets could negatively affect our operating
results and shareholder equity. 

The carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities
as of the acquisition date. The carrying value of other intangible assets represents the fair value of trademarks, trade names and other acquired intangible assets as of the acquisition date. Goodwill and other acquired intangible assets expected to
contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated for impairment by our management at least annually. If carrying value exceeds current fair value as determined based on the discounted future cash flows of the
related business, the intangible is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. Events and conditions that could result in impairment include changes in the industries in which we operate, particularly the
impact of the economic environment on our Home and Hardware business, as well as competition and advances in technology, a significant product liability or intellectual property claim, or other factors leading to reduction in expected long-term
sales or profitability. If the value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets is impaired, our earnings and shareholders’ equity could be adversely affected.