. 

We believe that the following risks and uncertainties may be material to our business. Additional risks and uncertainties that we currently consider to be immaterial may also
adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted. 

We operate in highly competitive consumer categories. 

While we largely compete for customers on the basis of product quality, cost, brand strength and service, price is also an important basis of selection and competition. Our
success depends on continuously improving our offerings and appealing to the changing needs and preferences of our customers and end consumers. While our businesses are leaders in their categories and
devote significant resources to continuous improvement of their products and marketing strategies, it is possible competitors may improve more rapidly or effectively, adversely affecting our sales,
margins and profitability. 

Continued consolidation of our trade customers and increased competition in private-label products, particularly in the home & hardware industry, could adversely affect
our business. 

There has been consolidation of our trade customers and growth in the sales of private-label products in portions of our markets, particularly in the home and hardware
industry. Though large customers can offer efficiencies and unique product opportunities, consolidation increases their size and importance. These larger customers can make
significant changes in their volume of purchases, seek price reductions and even become competitors for some products. Further consolidation could adversely affect our margins and profitability,
particularly if we were to lose a significant customer. Similarly, growth in the sales of private-label products could potentially reduce our margins and profits. 

Demand for our products and our financial results are dependent on the successful development of new products and processes. 

Our success depends in part on fulfilling unmet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful new products and product relaunches. We aim to
introduce products and new or improved production processes on a timely basis to counteract obsolescence and decreases in sales of existing products. While we devote significant focus to the
development of new products and to research and development of new manufacturing techniques, we may not be successful in the development of new products or techniques, or our new products may not be
commercially successful. 

The inability to secure and maintain rights to intellectual property could adversely affect our business. 

We have many patents, trademarks, brand names and trade names that are important to our business. Our business could be adversely affected by the loss of any major brand or by
infringement of our intellectual property rights. We are also subject to risks in this area because existing patent, trade secret and trademark laws offer only limited protection, and the laws of some
countries in which our products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold may not fully protect our products from infringement by others. In addition, others may assert intellectual property
infringement claims against us or our customers. 

Risks associated with our strategic acquisitions and joint ventures could adversely affect our business. 

We have completed a number of acquisitions and joint ventures in recent years, including the purchase of more than 25 spirits and wine brands and distribution assets
from Pernod Ricard S.A. in 2005 and the acquisition of the Simonton window business in 2006. We will continue to consider acquisitions and joint 

11

ventures
as a means of enhancing shareowner value. Acquisitions and joint ventures involve risks and uncertainties, including: 

•

difficulties
integrating acquired companies and operating joint ventures, retaining the acquired businesses' customers, and achieving the expected financial results and
benefits of transactions, such as revenue increases, cost savings, and increases in geographic or product presence;

•

loss
of key employees from acquired companies;

•

implementing
and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems; and

•

diversion
of management's attention from other business concerns. 

Future
acquisitions could cause us to incur additional debt, issue shares, increase contingent liabilities, increase interest expense and amortization expense related to intangible assets, as well as
experience dilution in earnings per share and return on capital. Future impairment losses on goodwill and intangible assets with an indefinite life, or restructuring charges, could also occur as a
result of acquisitions. 

Our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could adversely affect our business. 

Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our senior management team and key employees. Their motivation, skills, experience and industry contacts
significantly benefit our operations and administration. The failure to attract, motivate and retain members of our senior management team and key employees could have a negative effect on our
operating results. 

Various external conditions — including economic, weather and business conditions — could adversely
impact our sales and profitability. 

Demand for our products is sensitive to many external factors. Our home and hardware business is impacted by housing affordability, mortgage interest rates, employment and
consumer confidence, as well as the number of homes constructed and, to a lesser extent, existing home sales. Our golf business is impacted by vacation travel volume and corporate spending.
Weather conditions are also a factor impacting year to year comparisons. The impact of these external factors is difficult to predict, and one or more of these factors could adversely affect
our business. 

We sell products globally and are exposed to currency exchange rate risks. 

We sell products in the United States, Europe and other areas (principally Canada, Mexico and Australia). While we hedge certain foreign currency transactions, a change
in the value of the currencies can impact our financial statements when translated into U.S. dollars. The exchange rates between some of the foreign currencies in which our subsidiaries operate
and the U.S. dollar have fluctuated significantly in recent years and may do so in the future. 

We manufacture and source many products internationally and are exposed to risks associated with doing business globally. 

We manufacture and source our products in the United States, Europe, Canada, Mexico, China, Thailand and other countries. Accordingly, we are subject to risks associated
with changes in political, economic and social environments, local labor conditions, changes in laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments, as well as U.S. laws affecting activities
of U.S. companies abroad, including tax laws and enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights. Exchange rate fluctuations may impact the cost of sourced products and our financial
results. 

12

Risks associated with interest rate fluctuations as well as commodity and energy price increases and volatility could adversely affect our business. 

We are exposed to risks associated with interest rate fluctuations and commodity price volatility arising from weather, supply conditions, geopolitical and economic variables,
and other unpredictable external factors. We buy commodities, including steel, copper, zinc, titanium, glass, plastic, resins, wood, particleboard, grains and grapes. Increases and volatility in the
prices of these commodities as well as products sourced from third parties, and energy used in making and distributing our products, could increase the manufacturing costs of our products. While in
the past we have been able to mitigate the impact of these cost increases through productivity improvements and passing on increasing costs to our customers, there is no assurance that we will be able
to offset these cost increases in the future. While we use derivative contracts to limit our exposure to commodity price volatility, the exposures under these contracts could still be material to our
results of operations and financial condition. 

Costs of certain employee and retiree benefits may continue to rise. 

Increases in the costs of medical and pension benefits could continue and negatively affect our business as a result of: 

•

increased
usage of medical benefits by current and retired employees and medical inflation in the United States;

•

the
effect of any decline in the stock and bond markets on the performance of our pension plan assets;

•

potential
reductions in the discount rate used to determine the present value of our benefit obligations; and

•

changes
in law and accounting standards that may increase the funding of, and the expense reflected for, employee benefits. 

Our businesses rely on the performance of wholesale distributors and other marketing arrangements and could be adversely affected by poor performance or other disruptions in
our distribution channels. 

Our spirits and wine products are sold principally through wholesale distributors for resale to retail outlets. The replacement, poor performance or financial default of a
major distributor or one of its major customers could adversely affect our Spirits and Wine business. Our Home and Hardware business also relies on a distribution network comprised of consolidating
customers. Any unplanned disruption to the existing distribution could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. A disruption could be caused by the sale of a distributor to a competitor,
financial instability of the distributor, or other unforeseen events. 

Increased excise taxes on distilled spirits and wine could adversely affect our Spirits and Wine business. 

Distilled spirits and wine are subject to excise tax in many countries where we operate. No federal excise tax increase is presently pending in the United States, our
largest market. However, many states and other jurisdictions are considering possible excise tax increases. The effect of any future excise tax increases in any jurisdiction cannot be determined, but
increased excise taxes could have an adverse effect on our business by reducing demand. 

Changes in regulatory standards could adversely affect our businesses. 

In golf, our ability to develop and market new products is potentially diminished by rules governing equipment standards set by industry associations, such as restrictions on
golf club head size and shaft length, and the overall distance standard for golf balls, which could adversely impact our golf business. In Home and Hardware, California recently enacted legislation
mandating new standards for acceptable lead content in plumbing products for sale in California effective January 1, 2010. While we believe our Moen business will 

13

execute
plans to meet the new standards by the effective date, implementation is not certain and financial results may be adversely impacted. 

Potential liabilities and costs from litigation could adversely affect our business. 

Our business is subject to risks related to litigation with respect to various matters, including with respect to alcohol-related liability as well as tobacco products made and
sold by former subsidiaries. It is not possible to predict the outcome of pending litigation, and, as with any litigation, it is possible that some of the actions could be decided unfavorably. 

An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other acquired intangibles could negatively affect our operating results and shareholder equity. 

The carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date. The carrying value
of other intangibles represents the fair value of trademarks, trade names and other acquired intangibles as of the acquisition date. Goodwill and other acquired intangibles expected to contribute
indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated by our management at least annually for impairment. If carrying value exceeds current fair value as determined based on the
discounted future cash flows of the related business, the intangible is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. Events and conditions that could
result in impairment include changes in the industries in which we operate, as well as competition and advances in technology, a significant product liability or intellectual property claim, or other
factors leading to reduction in expected sales or profitability. If the value of goodwill or other acquired intangibles is impaired, our earnings and net worth could be adversely affected. 

Historical financial statements may not be reflective of our future financial condition and results of operations due to our recent portfolio realignment or
other reasons. 

We made significant changes in our business, as discussed in this report, including spinning off our Office products business, buying more than 25 spirits and wine
brands and other assets of Allied Domecq PLC, borrowing to finance that acquisition, and acquiring the Simonton window business. Although we believe that this report contains all material
information that is necessary to make an informed assessment of our assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects, historical financial statements do not necessarily
provide all the financial information investors may consider relevant in evaluating our business after these changes or represent what our results of operations or financial position will be for any
future periods. 

Downgrades of our credit ratings could adversely affect us. 

If Moody's, S&P or Fitch were to downgrade our credit rating, such a downgrade could result in loss of access to the commercial paper market and increase our cost of capital.
Downgrades of our credit ratings could also affect the value or marketability of our outstanding notes.