. 

We
believe that the following risks and uncertainties may be material to our business. Additional risks and uncertainties that we currently consider to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occur,
our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted. 

Current global
economic challenges may continue and a recovery may be slow or reverse, adversely impacting our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Stable economic conditions globally, including strong employment, consumer confidence and credit availability, are important not only to the basic health of our consumer markets, but also to our own
financial condition. There are presently significant challenges in the global economy, including high unemployment rates, low consumer confidence, record budget deficits and levels of government debt, and fragile credit and housing markets. In
addition, instability in the global credit markets, including the recent European economic and financial turmoil related to sovereign debt issues in certain countries, the instability in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world and
other disruptions, may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. As a result, consumers’ increased price consciousness may endure, which may affect consumers’ willingness to pay for premium brands as well as the overall level
of spirits consumption, particularly in bars, restaurants, nightclubs and other public environments where consumers drink spirits. Furthermore, our suppliers and customers could experience cash flow problems, increased costs or reduced availability
of financing, credit defaults, and other financial hardships. These factors may increase our bad debt expense, cause us to reduce the levels of unsecured credit that we provide to customers and otherwise adversely impact our results of operations,
cash flows and financial condition. A prolonged global economic stagnation may impact our access to long-term capital markets, result in increased interest rates on our corporate debt, and weaken operating cash flow and liquidity. Decreased cash
flow and liquidity could potentially impact our ability to finance operations, pay dividends, complete acquisitions and repurchase shares in the future. 

Demand for our spirits products may be adversely affected by many factors, including changes in consumer preferences and trends. 

Consumer preferences may shift due to a variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends, public health initiatives,
product innovations, changes in travel, vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions, which may reduce consumers’ willingness to purchase distilled spirits products or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward
beer, wine or non-alcoholic beverages. In addition, concerns about health issues relating to alcohol consumption, dietary effects, regulatory action or any litigation against companies in the industry may have an adverse effect on our business. Our
success depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful new products and product innovations. While we devote significant focus to the development of new
products, we may not be successful in their development or these new products may not be commercially successful. In addition, global economic conditions or market trends could cause consumer preferences to trend away from our premium spirits brands
and categories toward lower cost alternatives, which may also adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. 

We face
substantial competition in our industry and many factors may prevent us from competing successfully. 

We compete on the
basis of product taste and quality, brand image, price, service and ability to innovate in response to consumer preferences. It is possible that our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively
or resort to price competition to sustain market share, both of which could adversely affect our sales and profitability. Further, while we believe that our scale, portfolio breadth and entrepreneurial organization relative to that of our
competitors gives us the ability to outperform our market, we nevertheless face a risk that a continuing consolidation of the large distilled spirits companies could cause us to experience competitive disadvantages. Our inability to manage these and
other competitive factors successfully could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Risks
associated with our strategic acquisitions, joint ventures, and alliances could adversely affect our business. 

We
continue to consider acquisitions, joint ventures, and alliances as a means of enhancing shareowner value. Acquisitions and joint ventures involve risks and uncertainties, including: 

•

 difficulties integrating acquired companies and operating joint ventures; 

•

 retaining the acquired businesses’ customers and brands, and achieving the expected financial results and benefits of transactions, such as cost
savings, and revenue increases from expanded geographic or product presence; 

•

 loss of key employees from acquired companies; 

•

 implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems; 

8 

•

 exposure to unknown liabilities; and 

•

 diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns. 

Future acquisitions could cause us to incur additional debt or issue shares of capital stock, which could lead to dilution in earnings
per share and return on capital. 

Risks associated with commodity price volatility and energy availability could adversely affect our
business. 

We are exposed to risks associated with commodity price volatility arising from supply conditions,
geopolitical and economic variables, weather, and other unpredictable external factors. We buy commodities such as corn and other grains, molasses, grapes, glass and plastic for the production, packaging and distribution of our products. We also
grow agave plants for tequila production. Availability, increases and volatility in the prices of these commodities, as well as products sourced from third parties and energy used in making, distributing and transporting our products, could increase
the manufacturing and distribution costs of our products. While in the past we have been able to mitigate the impact of these cost increases through productivity improvements and pricing adjustments, there is no assurance that we will be able to
offset such cost increases in the future. 

If we are unable to effectively manage organizational productivity and global supply chain
efficiency and flexibility, then our business could be adversely affected. 

We need to continually evaluate our
organizational productivity and global supply chains and assess opportunities to reduce costs. We must also enhance quality, speed and flexibility to meet changing and uncertain market conditions. Our success also depends in part on refining our
cost structure and supply chains so that we have flexibility and are able to respond to market pressures to protect profitability and cash flow or ramp up quickly and effectively to meet demand. Failure to achieve the desired level of quality,
capacity or cost reductions could adversely affect our financial results. Despite our efforts to control costs and increase efficiency in our facilities, increased competition could still cause us to realize lower operating margins and
profitability. 

We manufacture, source and sell many products internationally and are exposed to risks associated with doing business
globally. 

We manufacture, source or sell our products in the United States, Europe, Australia, Canada, Mexico, India,
Brazil, Russia and other countries. Accordingly, we are subject to risks associated with potential disruption caused by changes in political, economic and social environments, including civil and political unrest, terrorism, possible expropriation,
local labor conditions, changes in laws and governmental regulations and policies in many countries outside the United States. We are also subject to U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad, including tax laws, anti-corruption
laws and laws regarding the enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to overcome the challenges we encounter with respect to these factors and other matters affecting U.S. companies
with global operations. 

We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our business.

While we hedge certain foreign currency transactions, a change in the value of local currencies where we manufacture,
source or sell our products impacts our financial statements when translated into U.S. dollars. In addition, fluctuations in currency can adversely impact the cost position in local currency of our products, making it more difficult for us to
compete. The exchange rates between some of the major foreign currencies in which we operate (including the Australian dollar, British pound sterling, euro, Canadian dollar, Indian rupee and Mexican peso) and the U.S. dollar have fluctuated
significantly in recent years and are likely to continue to do so in the future. 

Our operations may be adversely affected by failure to
maintain or renegotiate distribution, supply, manufacturing or license agreements on favorable terms. 

We have a number
of distribution, supply, manufacturing and license agreements for our spirits products. These agreements vary depending on the particular brand, but tend to be for a fixed number of years. There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew
these agreements on favorable terms or that these agreements will not be terminated. Termination of these agreements or failure to renew these agreements on favorable terms could have a negative affect on our results of operations and financial
condition. 

Our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could adversely affect our business. 

Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our senior management team and key employees. Their motivation, skills,
experience and industry contacts significantly benefit our operations and administration. The failure to attract, motivate and retain members of our senior management team and key employees could have a negative effect on our operating results.

9 

Changes in regulatory standards could adversely affect our business. 

Our business is subject to extensive domestic and international regulatory requirements regarding distribution, production, labeling, and
marketing. Changes to regulation of the beverage alcohol industry could include increased limitations on advertising and promotional activities or other non-tariff measures that could adversely impact our business. In addition, we face government
regulations pertaining to the health and safety of our employees and our consumers as well as regulations addressing the impact of our business on the environment, domestically as well as internationally. Compliance with these health, safety and
environmental regulations may require us to alter our manufacturing processes and our sourcing. Such actions could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and our inability to effectively and timely comply
with such regulations could adversely impact our competitive position. 

Changes in excise taxes, incentives and customs duties related
to distilled spirits could adversely affect our business. 

Distilled spirits are subject to excise taxation in many
markets at the federal, state and/or local level. Any increase in federal, state or local excise taxes could have an adverse effect on our business by increasing prices and reducing demand, particularly if excise tax levels increase
substantially relative to those for beer and wine. For example, in April 2008 the Australian government increased excise taxes specifically on ready-to-drink spirits products by 70%, equating to a 25% price increase to consumers, which adversely
impacted demand for Jim Beam and Cola and other pre-mixed products. We are also the recipient of certain U.S. governmental economic development incentives in connection with our manufacture of rum. The amount and availability of these incentives in
future periods cannot be assured. Any reduction in incentives would have an adverse effect on our business by increasing production costs. In addition, distilled spirits products are the subject of customs duties in many countries around the world.
An unanticipated increase in customs duties in the markets where we sell our products could also adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

Downgrades of our credit ratings could adversely affect our business. 

A downgrade of our credit rating by Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s or Fitch could result in an increase to our interest
expense and cost of capital and impact our future ability to access credit, particularly if the downgrade were to a non-investment grade rating. Downgrades of our credit ratings would also adversely affect the fair value and marketability of our
outstanding debt. In addition, a downgrade could weaken operating cash flow and liquidity, potentially adversely impacting our ability to pay dividends, fund acquisitions and repurchase shares. 

We rely on the performance of wholesale distributors and other marketing arrangements and could be adversely affected by consolidation, poor
performance or other disruptions in our distribution channels and customers. 

Our spirits products are sold principally
through wholesale distributors for resale to retail outlets. The replacement, poor performance or financial default of a major distributor or one of its major customers could adversely affect our business. Industry consolidation could also adversely
affect our margins and profitability. Though large customers can offer efficiencies and unique opportunities, they can also seek to make significant changes in their volume of purchases, represent a large number of competing products, negotiate more
favorable terms and seek price reductions, which could negatively impact our financial results. 

Costs and funding requirements of
certain employee and retiree benefits may continue to accelerate. 

Increases in the costs of medical and pension
benefits may continue and negatively affect our business as a result of increased usage of medical benefits by current and retired employees and medical cost inflation in the United States, the effect of potential declines in the stock and bond
markets on the performance of our pension plan assets, potential reductions in the discount rate used to determine the present value of our benefit obligations, and changes in legal and accounting standards that may increase the funding of, and the
expense reflected for, employee benefits. 

Future tax law changes and/or interpretation of existing tax laws may adversely affect our
effective income tax rate and the resolution of unrecognized tax benefits. 

We are subject to income taxation in the
U.S. as well as internationally. It is possible that future income tax legislation may be enacted that could have a material impact on our worldwide income tax provision. We are routinely audited by income tax authorities in many jurisdictions.
Although we believe that our recorded tax estimates are reasonable and appropriate, there are inherent uncertainties in these estimates. As a result, the ultimate outcome from any audit could be materially different from amounts reflected in our
income tax provisions and accruals. Future settlements of income tax audits may have a material effect on earnings between the period of initial recognition of tax estimates in the financial statements and the timing of ultimate tax audit
settlement. In addition, it is possible that future income tax legislation may be enacted that could have a material impact on our worldwide income tax provision. 

10 

Potential liabilities and costs from litigation and other legal proceedings could adversely affect our
business. 

From time to time we are subject to various lawsuits, claims, disputes and investigations in the normal
conduct of our operations. These include, but are not limited to, commercial disputes, including purported class actions, employment claims, actions by tax and customs authorities, and environmental matters. Some of these legal proceedings
include claims for substantial or unspecified damages. It is possible that some of the actions could be decided unfavorably and could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. In addition, because litigation
and other legal proceedings can be costly to defend, even actions that are ultimately decided in our favor could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. 

Numerous legal actions are pending in various jurisdictions against leading tobacco manufacturers based upon allegations that cancer and
other ailments have resulted from tobacco use. The Company has been named in some of these actions relating to tobacco products made and sold by former subsidiaries. See Item 3 – Legal Proceedings. It is not possible to
predict the outcome of pending tobacco-related litigation, and it is possible that some of these actions could be decided unfavorably. Management believes that the Company has meritorious defenses, including the fact that the Company never made
or sold tobacco, and the Company is indemnified for any losses. However, damages claimed in some of these cases range into the billions of dollars and, as a result, any failure of the indemnitor to satisfy its indemnification obligations could
result in a material adverse affect on the Company.

Historical financial statements may not be reflective of our future results of
operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 

Although we believe that this report contains material information
necessary to make an informed assessment of our assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects, historical financial statements do not represent what our results of operations, cash flows, or financial position will be
in the future. This is particularly true in light of the significant changes to the Company’s business and operations following the Separation Transactions during 2011. 

Our inability to secure and maintain rights to intellectual property could adversely affect our business. 

We have many trademarks, brand names and trade names that are important to our business. Our business could be adversely affected by the loss of any major brand or by material infringement of our
intellectual property rights. We are also subject to intellectual property risks because existing trade secret and trademark laws offer only limited protection, and the laws of some countries in which our products are or may be developed,
manufactured or sold may not fully protect our products from infringement by others. In addition, others may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us or our customers. 

An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets could negatively affect our operating results and stockholders’ equity. 

The carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the
acquisition date, net of any cumulative impairments. The carrying value of other intangible assets represents the fair value of trademarks, tradenames and other acquired intangible assets as of the acquisition date, net of impairments and
accumulated amortization. Goodwill and other acquired intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated for impairment by our management at least annually. If carrying value exceeds
current fair value as determined based on the discounted future cash flows of the related business, the intangible asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. For example, in connection with our
annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing in the fourth quarter of 2011, we recorded impairment charges of $31.3 million to adjust the Larios and DYC tradenames to fair value. Events and conditions that could result in future
impairments include a change in expected global consumer spending and timing of the recovery from the global recession, and decreases in market growth rates in certain categories in our business, among others. In addition, future impairment could be
caused by changes in competition, a significant product liability or intellectual property claim, or other factors leading to reduction in expected long-term sales or profitability. If the value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets is
impaired, our earnings and stockholders’ equity could be adversely affected. 

A disruption at our production facilities could
adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Because whiskeys/whiskies, cognacs,
brandies, ports, rum and some tequila varieties are aged for various periods, we maintain substantial inventories of maturing product in warehouse facilities. If there were a catastrophic failure at one of our major distillation or bottling
facilities, our business would be adversely affected. The loss of a substantial amount of aged inventory – through fire, other natural or man-made disaster, contamination, or otherwise – could result in a significant reduction in supply of
the affected product or products. Similarly, if we experienced a disruption in the supply of barrels in which to age our products, our business could suffer. A consequence of any of these supply disruptions could be our inability to meet consumer
demand for the affected products for a period of time. In addition, there can be no assurance that insurance proceeds would cover the replacement value of our inventory of maturing products or other assets if they were to be lost. 

11 

We may not realize the anticipated benefits of the Spin-Off of Home & Security.

At the time of the Spin-Off of Home & Security, our board of directors, after consultation with independent
financial and legal advisors, believed that the Spin-Off would allow the Company to achieve the benefit of focus, result in enhanced long-term growth and return prospects, and offer greater total long-term value to stockholders. There is no
assurance that these long-term benefits will be realized. Furthermore, while we believe that the Spin-Off will qualify as tax-free under Section 355 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, and we received a private letter ruling from the IRS
substantially to that effect, it is not a certainty. Both the Company and our stockholders could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities if taxing authorities conclude that the Spin-Off distribution is taxable. 

Indemnification agreements with Home & Security and other divested businesses may not fully protect us against certain liabilities.

In connection with the Spin-Off, Home & Security agreed to indemnify us for any losses relating to the
conduct of the Home & Security business. We have entered into similar agreements with other divested businesses. There can be no assurance that the indemnity agreements will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of any
liabilities that may arise, or that the indemnitors will be able to fully satisfy their indemnification obligations. The failure to receive amounts for which we are entitled to indemnification could adversely affect our results of operations, cash
flows and financial condition.