. 

We believe
that the following risks and uncertainties may be material to our business. Additional risks and uncertainties that we currently consider to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occur, our
business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted. 

Our results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely impacted by global economic conditions. 

Stable
economic conditions globally, including strong employment, consumer confidence and credit availability, are important not only to the basic health of our consumer markets, but also to our own financial condition. The uncertainty related to high
levels of government and consumer debt and unstable geopolitical environments in many parts of the world may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. There remain other challenges in the global economy as well, including high
unemployment rates, low consumer confidence and fragile credit and housing markets. As a result, consumers’ increased price consciousness may endure, which may affect consumers’ willingness to pay for premium brands as well as the overall
level of spirits consumption, particularly in bars, restaurants, nightclubs and other public environments where consumers drink spirits. Furthermore, our suppliers and customers could experience cash flow problems, increased costs or reduced
availability of financing, credit defaults, and other financial hardships. These factors may increase our bad debt expense, cause us to reduce the levels of unsecured credit that we provide to customers and otherwise adversely impact our results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition. A prolonged period of global economic stagnation may impact our access to capital markets, result in increased interest rates on our corporate debt, and weaken operating cash flow and liquidity.
Decreased cash flow and liquidity could potentially impact our ability to finance operations, pay dividends, complete acquisitions and repurchase shares in the future. 

Demand for our spirits products may be adversely affected by many factors, including changes in consumer preferences and trends. 

Consumer preferences may shift due to a variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends, public health initiatives,
product innovations, changes in travel, vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions, which may reduce consumers’ willingness to purchase distilled spirits products or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward
beer, wine or non-alcoholic beverages. In addition, concerns about health issues relating to alcohol consumption, dietary effects, regulatory action or any litigation against companies in the industry may have an adverse effect on our business.
Global economic conditions or market trends could cause consumer preferences to trend away from our premium spirits brands and categories toward lower cost alternatives, which may also adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.

We may not be successful in introducing new products and product innovations. 

Our success depends in part on successful new products and product innovations. While we devote significant focus to the development of
new products, and to the research and development and technology functions of our business, we may not be successful in their development, or these new products may not be commercially successful. Inability to attract consumers to our product
innovations relative to our competitors’ products would likely adversely affect our growth rates and financial performance over time. 

9 

Table of Contents

Risks associated with our strategic acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, and alliances could
adversely affect our business. 

We continue to consider acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, and alliances as a
means of enhancing shareholder value. Acquisitions and joint ventures involve risks and uncertainties, including: 

•

difficulties integrating acquired companies and operating joint ventures; 

•

retaining the acquired businesses’ customers and brands, and achieving the expected financial results and benefits of transactions, such as cost savings, and
revenue increases from expanded geographic or product presence; 

•

loss of key employees from acquired companies; 

•

implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems; 

•

exposure to unknown liabilities; and 

•

diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns. 

Future acquisitions could cause us to incur additional debt or issue shares of capital stock, which could lead to dilution in earnings per share and return on capital. 

With respect to potential divestitures, we may encounter several risks, including difficulties in the separation of operations, services,
products and personnel, the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the disruption of our business, the potential loss of key employees and the retention of uncertain environmental or other contingent liabilities
related to the divested business. In addition, divestitures may result in significant asset impairment charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations. 

Risks associated with the availability and price volatility of raw materials and energy could adversely
affect our business. 

We buy commodities such as corn and other grains, molasses, grapes, glass and plastic for the
production, packaging and distribution of our products and grow agave plants for tequila production. Moreover, the production of our products depends heavily upon the availability of sufficient quantities of quality water. Accordingly, we are
exposed to risks associated with raw material price volatility arising from supply conditions, geopolitical and economic variables, and other unpredictable external factors. Changes in weather patterns, hydrologic cycles and the frequency and
severity of extreme weather and natural disasters may have a negative effect on agricultural production or our access to quality water. Reduced availability or increases and volatility in the prices of these raw materials, as well as products
sourced from third parties, and energy used in making, distributing and transporting our products, could increase the manufacturing and distribution costs of our products. In the past we have been able to mitigate the impact of these cost increases
through productivity improvements and pricing adjustments, but there is no assurance that we will be able to offset such cost increases in the future. 

While uncertainties exist in the legislative and regulatory processes regarding environmental issues, additional regulatory requirements in the U.S. and other countries may increase our operational costs
due to the higher cost of compliance and market rates for energy, raw materials and key imports. New legislation or regulation relating to environmental issues could also increase energy prices, and the cost of our products, which we may attempt to
offset with price increases that could lead to reduced consumer demand for our beverage alcohol brands. 

We manufacture, source and sell
many products internationally and are exposed to risks associated with doing business globally. 

We manufacture, source
or sell our products in numerous countries around the world. Accordingly, we are subject to risks associated with potential disruption caused by changes in political, economic and social environments, including civil and political unrest, terrorism,
possible expropriation, local labor conditions, changes in laws and governmental regulations and policies in many countries outside the United States. We are also subject to U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies

10 

Table of Contents

abroad, including tax laws and laws regarding the enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to overcome the challenges we
encounter with respect to these factors and other matters affecting U.S. companies with global operations. 

Certain countries
in which we operate are reported to have high levels of corruption. While we are committed to doing business in accordance with applicable anti-corruption laws, our code of conduct and ethics, and other Company policies, we remain subject to the
risk that our affiliates or our agents, such as distributors and promoters, may take action determined to be in violation of such anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (“FCPA”), the U.K. Bribery Act
of 2010 or local equivalent laws. Any determination that our operations or activities are not, or were not, in compliance with U.S. or foreign laws or regulations could result in the imposition of fines, interruptions of business, loss of supplier,
vendor or other third party relationships, termination of necessary licenses and permits, and other legal or equitable sanctions. As discussed in Note 18, Commitments and Contingencies, we commenced an investigation into whether our India
business has been conducted in compliance with Company policies, the FCPA and other applicable law. It is reasonably possible that any expenses and liabilities resulting from this matter could have a material impact on our results of operations,
cash flows and financial condition. In addition, the ongoing conduct of the investigation and our implementation of remedial measures will likely continue to have a disruptive effect on our India business over the near term. 

If we are unable to efficiently manage our organizational productivity and global supply chain, then our business could be adversely affected.

We need to continually evaluate our organizational productivity and global supply chains and assess opportunities to
reduce costs. We must also enhance quality, speed and flexibility to meet changing and uncertain market conditions. Our success depends in part on refining our cost structure and supply chains so that we have flexibility and are able to respond to
market pressures to protect profitability and cash flow or ramp up quickly and effectively to meet demand. Failure to achieve the desired level of quality, capacity or cost reductions could adversely affect our business. Despite our efforts to
control costs and increase efficiency in our facilities, increased competition could still cause us to realize lower operating margins and profitability. 

Changes in excise taxes, incentives and customs duties related to distilled spirits could adversely affect our business. 

Distilled spirits are subject to excise taxation in many markets at the federal, state and/or local level. Any increase in federal,
state or local excise taxes could have an adverse effect on our business by increasing prices and reducing demand, particularly if excise tax levels increase substantially relative to those for beer and wine. For example, in April 2008 the
Australian government increased excise taxes specifically on ready-to-drink spirits products by 70%, equating to a 25% price increase to consumers, which adversely impacted demand for Jim Beam and Cola and other pre-mixed products. We are also the
recipient of certain U.S. governmental economic development incentives in connection with our manufacture of rum. The amount and availability of these incentives in future periods cannot be assured. Any reduction in incentives would have an adverse
effect on our business by increasing production costs. In addition, distilled spirits products are the subject of customs duties in many countries around the world. An increase in customs duties in the markets where we sell our products could also
adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could
negatively impact our business. 

While we hedge certain foreign currency transactions, a change in the value of local
currencies where we manufacture, source or sell our products impacts our financial statements when translated into U.S. dollars. In addition, fluctuations in currency can adversely impact the cost position in local currency of

11 

Table of Contents

our products, making it more difficult for us to compete. The exchange rates between some of the major foreign currencies in which we operate (including the Australian dollar, British pound
sterling, euro, Canadian dollar, Indian rupee and Mexican peso) and the U.S. dollar have fluctuated significantly in recent years and are likely to continue to do so in the future. 

Our operations may be adversely affected by failure to maintain or renegotiate distribution, supply, manufacturing or license agreements on favorable terms. 

We have a number of distribution, supply, manufacturing and license agreements for our spirits products. These agreements vary depending
on the particular brand, but tend to be for a fixed number of years. There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew these agreements on favorable terms or that these agreements will not be terminated. Termination of these agreements or
failure to renew these agreements on favorable terms could have a negative effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Potential liabilities and costs from litigation and other legal proceedings could adversely affect our business. 

From time to time we are subject to various lawsuits, claims, disputes and investigations in the normal conduct of our operations. These include, but are not limited to, commercial disputes, including
purported class actions, employment claims, actions by tax and customs authorities, and environmental matters. Some of these legal proceedings include claims for substantial or unspecified damages. If decided unfavorably, these actions could
adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, because litigation and other legal proceedings can be costly to defend, even actions that are ultimately decided in our favor could have a negative impact
on our results of operations and cash flows. 

Numerous legal actions are pending in various jurisdictions against leading
tobacco manufacturers based upon allegations that cancer and other ailments have resulted from tobacco use. The Company has been named in some of these actions relating to tobacco products made and sold by former subsidiaries of the
Company. See Item 3 – Legal Proceedings. It is not possible to predict the outcome of pending tobacco-related litigation, and it is possible that some of these actions could be decided unfavorably. Although the Company never
made or sold tobacco and is indemnified for any losses, damages claimed in some of these cases range into the billions of dollars and, as a result, any failure of the indemnitor to satisfy its indemnification obligations could result in a material
adverse affect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

We face substantial competition in our industry.

We compete on the basis of product taste and quality, brand image, price, service and ability to innovate in response
to consumer preferences. It is possible that our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively or resort to price competition to sustain market share, both of which could adversely affect our
sales and profitability. Consumers may also respond negatively to any price changes we seek to implement. We also face a risk that continued consolidation by other distilled spirits companies could cause us to experience competitive disadvantages.
Our inability to manage these and other competitive factors successfully could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could adversely affect our business. 

Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our senior management team and other key employees. Their motivation, skills, experience and industry contacts significantly benefit our
operations and administration. The failure to attract, motivate and retain members of our senior management team and other key employees could have a negative effect on our operating results. 

12 

Table of Contents

Changes in laws, regulations and regulatory standards could adversely affect our business. 

Our business is subject to extensive domestic and international regulatory requirements regarding distribution, production,
labeling, and marketing. Changes to regulation of the beverage alcohol industry could include increased limitations on advertising and promotional activities or other non-tariff measures that could adversely impact our business. In addition, we face
domestic and international regulations pertaining to the health and safety of our employees and consumers as well as the impact of our business on the environment. Compliance with these health, safety and environmental regulations may require us to
alter our manufacturing processes and our sourcing. Such actions, as well as changes in our competitive position that may result from our inability to effectively and timely comply with such actions, could adversely impact our business. 

Downgrades of our credit ratings could adversely affect our business. 

A downgrade of our credit rating by Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s or Fitch could result in an increase to our interest
expense and cost of capital and impact our future ability to access credit, particularly if the downgrade were to a non-investment grade rating. Downgrades of our credit ratings would also adversely affect the fair value and marketability of our
outstanding debt. In addition, a downgrade could weaken operating cash flow and liquidity, potentially adversely impacting our ability to pay dividends, fund acquisitions and repurchase shares. 

We rely on the performance of wholesale distributors and other marketing arrangements and could be adversely affected by distributor consolidation,
poor performance or other disruptions in our distribution channels and customers. 

We use different business models to
market and distribute our products in different regions of the world. In the U.S., we sell our products either to wholesale distributors for resale to retail outlets or, in those states that control alcohol sales, to state governments who then sell
them to retail customers and consumers. In our other global markets, we use a variety of route-to-consumer models, including in many markets, reliance on other spirits producers to market and sell our products. The replacement, poor performance or
financial default of a major distributor or one of its major customers could adversely affect our business. Industry consolidation could also adversely affect our margins and profitability. While we seek to take advantage of the efficiencies and
unique opportunities that large customers can offer, large customers can also seek to make significant changes in their volume of purchases, represent a large number of competing products, negotiate more favorable terms and seek price reductions,
which could negatively impact our financial results. 

Product recalls or other product liability claims could materially and adversely
affect our sales. 

The success of our brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of those brands. We
could decide to, or be required to, recall products due to suspected or confirmed product contamination, spoilage or other adulteration. Any of these events could adversely affect our sales. Moreover, selling products for human consumption involves
inherent risks. A significant product liability judgment or widespread product recall may negatively impact the sales and profitability of the affected brand or brands for a period of time depending on product availability, competitive reaction and
consumer attitudes. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, resulting negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and our corporate and brand image. 

Costs and funding requirements of certain employee and retiree benefits may continue to accelerate. 

Increases in the costs and funding of medical and pension benefits may continue and negatively affect our business as a result of
increased usage of medical benefits by current and retired employees, medical cost inflation, the performance of our pension plan assets, potential reductions in the discount rate used to determine the present value of our benefit obligations, and
changes in legal and accounting standards related to employee and retiree benefits. 

13 

Table of Contents

Future tax law changes and/or interpretation of existing tax laws may adversely affect our effective
income tax rate and the resolution of unrecognized tax benefits. 

We are subject to income taxation in the U.S. as well
as internationally. It is possible that future income tax legislation may be enacted that could have a material impact on our worldwide income tax provision. We are routinely audited by income tax authorities in many jurisdictions. Although we
believe that our recorded tax estimates are reasonable and appropriate, there are inherent uncertainties in these estimates. As a result, the ultimate outcome from any audit could be materially different from amounts reflected in our income tax
provisions and accruals, which may have a corresponding material impact on our results of operations, cash flow and financial position to the extent not previously recorded. In addition, it is possible that future income tax legislation may be
enacted that could have a material impact on our worldwide income tax provision. 

Historical financial statements may not be reflective
of our future results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 

Although we believe that this report
contains material information necessary to make an informed assessment of our financial position and profits and losses for each of the periods presented and prospects, historical financial statements do not represent what our results of operations,
cash flows, or financial position will be in the future. This is particularly true in light of the significant changes to the Company’s business and operations following the Separation Transactions during 2011. 

Our inability to secure and maintain rights to intellectual property could adversely affect our business. 

We have many trademarks, brand names and trade names that are important to our business. Our business could be adversely affected by the
loss of any major brand or by material infringement of our intellectual property rights. We are also subject to risks and costs associated with the enforcement of our intellectual property rights. Moreover, the laws of some countries in which our
products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold may not fully protect our products from infringement by others. In addition, others may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us or our customers. 

An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets could negatively affect our operating results and
stockholders’ equity. 

The carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess
of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date, net of any cumulative impairments. The carrying value of other intangible assets represents the fair value of trademarks, tradenames and other acquired intangible assets as of the
acquisition date, net of impairments and accumulated amortization. Goodwill and other acquired intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated for impairment by our management at least
annually. If carrying value exceeds current fair value as determined based on the discounted future cash flows of the related business, the intangible asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. For
example, in connection with our annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing in the fourth quarters of 2012 and 2011, we recorded impairment charges of $15.6 million and $31.3 million to adjust certain tradenames to fair value. Events
and conditions that could result in future impairments include a change in expected global consumer spending, deterioration of economic conditions globally or in particular markets, and decreases in market growth rates in certain categories in our
business, among others. In addition, future impairment could be caused by changes in competition, a significant product liability or intellectual property claim, or other factors leading to reduction in expected long-term sales or profitability. If
the value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets is impaired, our earnings and stockholders’ equity could be adversely affected. 

14 

Table of Contents

A disruption at our production facilities or the inherent uncertainty in supply/demand forecasting
could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Because whiskeys/whiskies,
cognacs, brandies, rum and some tequila varieties are aged for various periods, we maintain substantial inventories of maturing product in warehouse facilities. If there were a catastrophic failure at one of our major distillation or bottling
facilities, our business would be adversely affected. The loss of a substantial amount of aged inventory – through fire, other natural or man-made disaster, contamination, or otherwise – could result in a significant reduction in supply of
the affected product or products. Similarly, if we experienced a disruption in the supply of barrels in which to age our products, our business could suffer. A consequence of any of these supply disruptions could be our inability to meet consumer
demand for the affected products for a period of time. In addition, there can be no assurance that insurance proceeds would cover the replacement value of our inventory of maturing products and other assets if they were to be lost. 

In addition, there is an inherent risk of forecasting imprecision in determining the quantity of maturing stock to store in a given year
for future consumption. The strategies we use to balance supply with fluctuations in consumer demand may not be effective in particular years, products or markets. As a consequence, we may be unable to meet consumer demand for the affected products
for a period of time, or we may have a surplus of inventory. Not having our products in the market on a consistent basis may adversely affect our brand equity and future sales. 

A breach of our data security could negatively affect our operations. 

The security and reliability of our data infrastructure are critical to maintaining the availability and effective operation of the
technology used in our business, the accurate collection and processing of financial and operational data, and the maintenance of confidential information. A breach of the security or reliability of our data infrastructure, whether by intentional
act or otherwise, could result in an interruption of our operations and, in some circumstances, could result in property loss, breaches of regulations, legal liabilities or reputational damage.