. 

We believe that the following risks and uncertainties may be material
to our business. Additional risks and uncertainties that we currently consider to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could
be materially and adversely impacted. 

Current economic challenges may continue and a recovery may be slow or reverse, adversely impacting our
financial results and liquidity. 

Stable economic conditions globally, including strong employment, consumer confidence and credit availability, are
important not only to the basic health of our consumer markets, but also our own financial condition. While the major economic disruptions of the global financial markets have largely subsided, major economic challenges remain globally, including
very high unemployment, low consumer confidence, record budget deficits and levels of national debt, and fragile credit and housing markets. These factors may adversely impact our financial results and liquidity. As in past downturns, a recession
decreases demand and causes consumers to defer discretionary purchases, such as major remodeling projects and the purchase of golf clubs. In addition, other portions of our business have come under pressure, including the global distilled spirits
market, as well as the historically stable golf ball, golf shoe, golf glove and accessories markets. We have also seen consumers trade down to lower-priced products across all our businesses and increased price competition. 

The global recession and credit crisis have also adversely impacted the financial stability of our customers which may result in further reductions in customer
inventories, as well as higher bad debt expense across our businesses. A prolonged global economic stagnation may also impact our access to long-term capital markets, result in increased interest rates on our corporate debt, and weaken operating
cash flow and liquidity. Decreased cash flow and liquidity could potentially impact our ability to pay dividends, fund acquisitions and repurchase shares in the future. 

A significant portion of our business is impacted by risks associated with fluctuations in the U.S. housing market. 

Our home products business is primarily impacted by U.S. demand for remodeling and repair of existing homes, as well the market for new homes, which began to stabilize in the second half of 2009. Demand for our products is
strongly influenced by the financial strength and confidence of consumers, and by consumers’ household income, job security, access to credit and housing prices. While home prices have begun to stabilize, the housing market still faces downward
pressures resulting from high levels of inventory. In addition, the eventual withdrawal of government programs for home products, such as the first time home buyer tax credit, the energy tax credit and the distressed mortgage buying programs will
decrease demand and could impact the housing recovery.

12 

Table of Contents

Demographic factors, such as aging housing stock, changes in population growth and household formation will have a long-term effect on the home improvement, repair and residential
construction markets. While demographic trends are favorable for the long-term growth of the U.S. home products market, it is very difficult to predict the pattern, timing, sustainability and impact of a recovery. 

We operate in highly competitive consumer categories. 

While
we largely compete for customers on the basis of product quality, brand strength and service, price is also an important basis of selection and competition. Our success depends on maintaining the strength of our consumer brands by continuously
improving our offerings and appealing to the changing needs and preferences of our customers and end consumers. While our businesses are leaders in their categories and devote significant resources to continuous improvement of their products and
marketing strategies, it is possible competitors may improve more rapidly or effectively, adversely affecting our sales, margins and profitability. 

Demand for our products and our financial results are dependent on the successful development of new products and processes. 

Our
success depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful new products and product improvements. We aim to introduce products and new or improved production
processes on a timely basis to counteract obsolescence and decreases in sales of existing products. While we devote significant focus to the development of new products, we may not be successful in their development or these new products may not be
commercially successful. 

The inability to secure and maintain rights to intellectual property could adversely affect our business.

We have many patents, trademarks, brand names and trade names that are important to our business. Our business could be adversely affected by the
loss of any major brand or by infringement of our intellectual property rights. We are also subject to risks in this area because existing patent, trade secret and trademark laws offer only limited protection, and the laws of some countries in which
our products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold may not fully protect our products from infringement by others. In addition, others may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us or our customers. With respect to our
Golf business, we are subject to intellectual property lawsuits that might cause us to incur significant costs, and if resolved unfavorably, pay significant damages, prohibit us from selling products or delay the introduction of new products.

Downgrades of our credit ratings could adversely affect us. 

If Moody’s, S&P or Fitch were to downgrade our credit ratings to a non-investment grade rating, such a downgrade could result in an increase to our cost of capital and impact our future capability to
access credit. Downgrades of our credit ratings would adversely affect the fair value and marketability of our outstanding debt. 

Continued
consolidation of our trade customers, particularly in the home and security industry, could adversely affect our business. 

Though large
customers can offer efficiencies and unique product opportunities, consolidation increases their size and importance. These larger customers can make significant changes in their volume of purchases, seek price reductions and even become competitors
for some products. Further consolidation could adversely affect our margins and profitability, particularly if we were to lose a significant customer. 

13 

Table of Contents

Risks associated with our ability to continuously improve organizational productivity and global supply chain
efficiency and flexibility could adversely affect our business, either in an environment of potentially declining market demand or one that is volatile or resurging. 

We need to continually evaluate our organizational productivity and global supply chains and assess opportunities to reduce costs and assets. We must also enhance quality, speed and flexibility to meet changing and
uncertain market conditions. Our success also depends in part on refining our cost structure and supply chains to promote a consistently flexible and low cost supply chain that can respond to market pressures to protect profitability and cash flow
or ramp up quickly and effectively to meet demand. Failure to achieve the desired level of quality, capacity or cost reductions could impair our financial results. Despite proactive efforts to cost controls and reduced production in our facilities,
competition could still result in lower operating margins and profitability. 

Our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could adversely
affect our business. 

Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our senior management team and key employees. Their
motivation, skills, experience and industry contacts significantly benefit our operations and administration. The failure to attract, motivate and retain members of our senior management team and key employees could have a negative effect on our
operating results. 

Risks associated with our strategic acquisitions and joint ventures could adversely affect our business. 

While our current focus is debt reduction, we continue to consider acquisitions and joint ventures as a means of enhancing shareowner value. Acquisitions and joint
ventures involve risks and uncertainties, including: difficulties integrating acquired companies and operating joint ventures, retaining the acquired businesses’ customers and brands, and achieving the expected financial results and benefits of
transactions, such as cost savings, and revenue increases from expanded geographic or product presence; loss of key employees from acquired companies; implementing and maintaining consistent standards, controls, procedures, policies and information
systems; and diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns. Our Spirits business is transitioning to more direct sales and distribution routes to market, both in the U.S. and internationally, following the sale of
Vin & Sprit Group to Pernod Ricard S.A. in 2008. In the U.S., we have regained full ownership of the sales and distribution assets formerly held by our joint venture, Future Brands LLC. Distribution in most major international markets is
through an alliance with The Edrington Group that is a combination of jointly-owned or company-owned sales forces. In 2008, we also acquired Cruzan rum. 

Future acquisitions could cause us to incur additional debt, issue shares, increase contingent liabilities, increase interest expense and amortization expense related to intangible assets, as well as experience dilution in earnings per
share and return on capital. Future impairment losses on goodwill and intangible assets with an indefinite life, or restructuring charges, could also occur as a result of acquisitions. 

Risks associated with interest rate fluctuations, as well as commodity and energy availability, price increases and volatility could adversely affect our business. 

We are exposed to risks associated with interest rate fluctuations and commodity price volatility arising from weather, supply conditions, geopolitical and economic
variables, and other unpredictable external factors. We buy commodities, including steel, copper, zinc, titanium, glass, plastic, resins, wood, particleboard, grains and grapes. We also grow agave plants for tequila production. Availability,
increases and volatility in the prices of these commodities, as well as products sourced from third parties and energy used in making, distributing and transporting our products, could

14 

Table of Contents

increase the manufacturing costs of our products. While in the past we have been able to mitigate the impact of these cost increases through productivity improvements and passing on increasing
costs to our customers, there is no assurance that we will be able to offset such cost increases in the future. While we may use derivative contracts to limit our exposure to commodity price volatility, the exposures under these contracts could
still be material to our results of operations and financial condition. 

We manufacture and source many products internationally and are exposed to
risks associated with doing business globally. 

We manufacture and source our products in the United States, Europe, Canada, Mexico, China,
Thailand, Taiwan, India and other countries. Accordingly, we are subject to risks associated with potential supply chain disruption caused by changes in political, economic and social environments, civil unrest, possible expropriation, local labor
conditions, changes in laws, regulations and policies of foreign governments, trade disputes with the U.S., as well as U.S. laws affecting activities of U.S. companies abroad, including tax laws and enforcement of contract and intellectual
property rights. Exchange rate fluctuations may also significantly impact the cost of sourced products and our financial results. 

We sell products
globally and are exposed to currency exchange rate risks, including those related to the recent volatility of the U.S. dollar. 

We sell and produce
products in the United States, Europe, China and other areas (principally Canada, Mexico and Australia). While we hedge certain foreign currency transactions, a change in the value of the currencies will impact our financial statements when
translated into U.S. dollars. In addition, fluctuations in currency can adversely impact the cost position in local currency of our products, making it more difficult for our operations to compete. The exchange rates between some of the major
foreign currencies in which our subsidiaries operate (including the British pound sterling, Australian dollar, euro, Japanese yen, Canadian dollar and Mexican peso) and the U.S. dollar have fluctuated significantly in recent years and are
likely to continue to do so in the future. A revaluation of the Chinese yuan may significantly impact the cost of our products. 

Our businesses
rely on the performance of wholesale distributors and other marketing arrangements and could be adversely affected by poor performance or other disruptions in our distribution channels and customers, including financial pressures brought on by the
global recession and credit crisis. 

Our spirits products are sold principally through wholesale distributors for resale to retail outlets. Though
strongly profitable, the replacement, poor performance or financial default of a major distributor or one of its major customers could adversely affect our businesses. Our Home & Security business relies on a distribution network comprised
of consolidating customers. Any unplanned disruption to the existing distribution could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. The sale of a distributor to a competitor or, financial instability or default of the distributor or one of its
major customers, potentially could cause such a disruption. 

Costs and funding requirements of certain employee and retiree benefits may continue to
rise. 

Increases in the costs of medical and pension benefits could continue and negatively affect our business as a result of: increased usage
of medical benefits by current and retired employees and medical inflation in the United States; the effect of declines in the stock and bond markets on the performance of our pension plan assets; potential reductions in the discount rate
used to determine the present value of our benefit obligations; and changes in law and accounting standards that may increase the funding of, and the expense reflected for, employee benefits. 

15 

Table of Contents

Changes in government and industry regulatory standards could adversely affect our businesses. 

In the Golf business, our ability to develop and market new products is potentially hindered by rules governing equipment standards set by industry associations, such
as restrictions on golf club head size and shaft length, and the overall distance standard for golf balls. Changes in equipment standards could adversely impact our Golf business. Our Spirits business is subject to extensive regulatory requirements
regarding distribution, production, labeling, and marketing. Changes to regulation of the beverage alcohol industry could include increased limitations on advertising and promotional activities or other non-tariff measures that could adversely
impact our spirits business. 

In addition, we face government regulations pertaining to the health and safety of our employees and our consumers as
well as regulations addressing our businesses’ impact on the environment, domestically as well as internationally. Our compliance with these regulations includes responding to emerging climate change initiatives, restrictions on lead
content in plumbing products, regulations governing formaldehyde emissions applicable to our manufacture of cabinets and standards on volatile organic compounds which impact all of our businesses. Compliance with these health, safety and
environmental regulations may require us to alter our manufacturing processes and our sourcing. Such actions could adversely impact our results and our ability to effectively and timely meet such regulations could adversely impact our
competitive position. 

Changes in excise taxes and incentives related to distilled spirits could adversely affect our Spirits business.

Distilled spirits are subject to excise tax in many countries where we operate. While no federal excise tax increase is presently pending in the
United States, our largest market, fiscal pressures are rising dramatically, increasing the risk of a potential federal excise tax increase on spirits. Many states and other jurisdictions are considering possible excise tax increases. The
effect of any future excise tax increases cannot be determined, but could have an adverse effect on our business by reducing demand. Our Spirits business is the recipient of certain governmental financial incentives in connection with its
manufacture of rum. The amount and availability of financial incentives in future periods cannot be assured. Any reduction in incentives could have an adverse effect on our Spirits business by increasing production costs. 

Potential liabilities and costs from litigation could adversely affect our business. 

Our businesses are subject to risks related to litigation, including with respect to alcohol-related liability, as well as tobacco products made and sold by former subsidiaries. Our Golf business faces patent
litigation that could result in significant costs as well as potentially impact our ability to sell products. It is not possible to predict the outcome of pending or future litigation, and, as with any litigation, it is possible that some of the
actions could be decided unfavorably and could have a material adverse effect on the results of the Company’s operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Historical financial statements may not be reflective of our future financial condition and results of operations due to recent portfolio changes or other reasons. 

Although we believe that this report contains all material information that is necessary to make an informed assessment of our assets and liabilities, financial
position, profit and losses and prospects, historical financial statements do not necessarily represent what our results of operations or financial position will be for any future periods. Significant recent changes include regaining full
ownership of spirits U.S. distribution in 2008 and the establishment of a new international distribution alliance with The Edrington Group on April 1, 2009. This alliance is a combination of jointly-owned and company-owned sales forces.

16 

Table of Contents

An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets could negatively affect our
operating results and shareholder equity. 

The carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable
assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date. The carrying value of other intangible assets represents the fair value of trademarks, tradenames and other acquired intangible assets as of the acquisition date. Goodwill and other acquired
intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated for impairment by our management at least annually. If carrying value exceeds current fair value as determined based on the discounted
future cash flows of the related business, the intangible asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. Events and conditions that could result in further impairments include a change in expected global
consumer spending and timing of the recovery from the global recession, and the impact of slowing market growth rates in certain categories in our Spirits business. In addition, further impairment could be caused by changes in the industries in
which we operate as well as competition, a significant product liability or intellectual property claim, or other factors leading to reduction in expected long-term sales or profitability. If the value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets
is impaired, our earnings and shareholders’ equity could be adversely affected. 

Various other external conditions such as weather could
adversely impact our sales, profitability, and cash flow from operations. 

Weather conditions are also a factor impacting year-to-year comparisons
in our Golf business as well as our U.S. manufacturing capabilities. Specifically, adverse weather conditions can erode annual rounds of play, thus decreasing the demand for our golf products. In addition, extreme weather events could potentially
disrupt the Company’s supply chain coordination in the event of damage to our facilities or the inventory located at our facilities.