In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which
could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be
immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. 

Unfavorable economic conditions could negatively affect our operations and results significantly. 

Poor global or regional economic conditions can materially adversely affect our operations and financial results. Several
economies face significant challenges, including high unemployment, low consumer confidence, budget deficits, burdensome governmental debt, and weak housing and credit markets. Financial and credit instability in some countries, including the
recent, significant Eurozone financial difficulties and sovereign debt issues, and the geopolitical and economic instability in parts of the world, including Mexico, present risks to our business. Health pandemics can also have far-reaching economic
consequences that could be particularly adverse to our socially-based, discretionary consumer product business. These conditions can affect the willingness of consumers to pay for premium brands such as ours, lead them to make more value-driven and
price-sensitive purchasing choices, and to participate in more at-home drinking occasions rather than at restaurants, bars, and hotels, which tend to favor many of our premium and super-premium products. Many of the negative ramifications to our
business from poor economic conditions are difficult to predict, but some other potentially significant effects are distributor or retailer destocking, higher interest rates, changes in the rate of inflation (up or down), exchange rate fluctuations,
credit or capital market instability, bank failures, and/or lower returns or discount rates on our pension assets (requiring higher contributions to our pension plans). For additional information with respect to the effects of changes in the value
of our benefit plan obligations and assets on our financial results, see “Pension and other Postretirement Benefits” on pages 41 and 42 of this report on Form 10-K. 

Our suppliers, customers, and consumers could experience cash flow problems, more costly or unavailable financing, credit
defaults, and other financial hardships. The U.S. federal budget and individual state budget deficits could lead to increased taxes on our products, business, customers, or consumers; and a number of proposals to increase taxes on beverage alcohol
have been made at the federal and state levels in recent years. Governments in other countries in which we operate also may impose taxes and implement other austerity measures to manage local economic conditions in ways that hurt our business.
Countries, including significant markets for us in Europe, may default on sovereign debt. 

Our global growth is subject
to a number of commercial and political risks. 

We currently market products in more than 135
countries. As was the case this year, we expect our future growth rates in international markets to surpass our growth rates in the United States. Emerging regions, such as Eastern Europe, Latin America, and Asia, as well as countries that some
companies consider to be developed markets, such as the U.K., France, Germany, and Australia, provide significant growth opportunities for us.

Potentially unstable governments or legal systems, civil or political upheaval or unrest, security risks, intergovernmental disputes, military conflicts, local labor conditions and business practices,
possible expropriation, closure of markets to imports or anti-American sentiment or terrorist activities in or outside of the United States, are risks to our business. Unscrupulous or questionable business practices common in some emerging countries
(and sometimes even in developed ones) could put our company at a competitive disadvantage, as we require full legal compliance by our employees and business partners worldwide. In Mexico, for example, we face risks to our business due to corruption
and dangerous drug cartels, which are often violent and are reputedly asserting influence in some areas of the beverage alcohol industry. These and other types of political and commercial risks in our various markets around the world may have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and future growth prospects. 

6 

The longer-term outlook for our business anticipates continued success of
Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey, Southern Comfort Liqueur, Finlandia Vodka, Tequila Herradura, el Jimador Tequila, their respective brand families, and our other brands. This outlook is based in part on favorable demographic trends for the sale
of beverage alcohol through 2014 in the United States, and in many of our global markets for varying numbers of years. If these demographic trends do not translate into corresponding sales increases, we may fail to meet our growth expectations. In
addition, any continuation of the somewhat less favorable demographic trends in the United States for several years subsequent to 2014 could negatively affect our performance in those years and our ability to meet our longer-term strategic
objectives. 

Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations affect our financial results. 

The more we expand our business globally, the more exchange rate fluctuations relative to the United States dollar
influence our financial results. In markets other than the United States, we sell our products, and pay for some goods, services, and manpower primarily in local currency. Since we sell more in local currencies than we purchase, we have a net
exposure to changes in the value of the United States dollar relative to those currencies. Thus, profits from our overseas businesses would be adversely affected if the dollar were to strengthen against other currencies in our major
markets, especially the euro, British pound sterling, Australian dollar, Polish zloty and Mexican peso. To buffer this effect, we regularly hedge a portion of our currency exposure; and as of April 30, 2012, we had hedged approximately 40%
of our total fiscal 2013 transactional exposure to foreign currency fluctuations for our major currencies. Nevertheless, over time, our reported financial results generally will be hurt by a stronger United States dollar and helped by a weaker
one. For additional information with respect to foreign exchange effects on our business, please see “Foreign Exchange” on page 43 of this report on Form 10-K. 

Higher costs or unavailability of materials could adversely affect our financial results, as could our inability to obtain certain
finished goods. 

Our products use a number of materials and ingredients that we purchase from
third-party suppliers. Our ability to make and sell our products hinges on having available all of the raw materials, product ingredients, finished product, glass, bottles, cans, bottle closures, packaging, and other materials used to produce and
package them. Without sufficient quantities of one or more key materials, our operations and financial results could suffer. For instance, only a few glass producers make bottles on a scale sufficient for our requirements, and a single producer
supplies most of our glass requirements. Similarly, a Finnish corporation distills and bottles our Finlandia Vodka products for us. If any of our key suppliers were no longer able to meet our timing, quality or capacity requirements, ceased doing
business with us, or raised prices, and we could not develop alternative cost-effective sources of supply or production, our operations and financial results would suffer. 

Higher costs or insufficient availability of suitable grain, agave, water, grapes, wood, glass, closures, and other input
materials and/or associated labor costs may affect adversely our financial results, since we may not be able to pass along such cost increases or shortages through higher prices to customers. Weather, the physical effects of climate change,
diseases and other agricultural uncertainties that affect the mortality, health, yield, quality or price of the various raw materials used in our products also present risks for our business, including in some cases potential impairment in the
recorded value of our inventory. Changes in frequency or intensity of weather can disrupt our supply chain as well, which may affect production operations, insurance costs and coverage, as well as the timely delivery of our products to
customers. 

As water is one of the major components of our products, the quality and quantity of the water
available for use is important to our ability to operate our business. If hydrologic cycle patterns change, and droughts become more common or severe, or if the water supply were interrupted for other reasons, there might be a scarcity of desirable
water in some of the key production regions for our products, including Tennessee, Kentucky, Finland, Canada, Mexico, and California. When energy costs rise, our transportation, freight and other operating costs, such as distilling and bottling
expenses, also increase. Additionally, rising energy and other costs may curtail 

7 

consumer spending on leisure activities, entertainment, and discretionary purchases, resulting in fewer purchases of our products, including the Jack Daniel’s family of brands, with their
broad-based consumer appeal. 

Changes in consumer purchases and preferences, and our ability to anticipate and react to
them affect our business results. 

We are a branded consumer products company in a highly competitive
market. Our success depends on our continued ability to offer consumers highly appealing products. Consumer preferences and purchases may shift due to a host of factors, including changes in demographic and social trends, public health policies
and initiatives, and changes in leisure, dining, and beverage consumption proclivities. To continue to succeed we must anticipate and respond effectively to shifts in consumer behavior, drinking tastes and drinking occasions. 

The Jack Daniel’s family of brands has supplied the majority of our profit and has been the primary driver of our
incremental growth for many years, and our current projections extend these trends through fiscal 2013 and well beyond. Our plans call for Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey sales to increase in the U.S. this year and to expand geographically in
select international markets. Given the significance of Jack Daniel’s to our success as a company, significant or sustained decline in sales or selling price of our Jack Daniel’s products could materially depress our financial results. Our
plans also call for the Southern Comfort brand family to stabilize. If our initiatives are unsuccessful and the Southern Comfort trends do not improve significantly, our business results will suffer and the Company may not achieve its projected
financial results. More broadly, if consumers in any of our markets shift away from spirits, our premium brands, or our ready-to-drink products, our financial results likely would be adversely affected. For additional information with respect to the
importance of the Jack Daniel’s family of brands on our business, please see “Our Brands” on pages 23 and 24 of this report on Form 10-K. 

Improving our price position in certain markets and for certain brands, by price increases and less discounting, is a key
component of our growth plan for this fiscal year. If consumers or the trade react unfavorably to our pricing changes, we may be unable to meet our earnings projections. We believe that new products, line extensions, label and bottle changes,
product reformulations, and similar product innovations by both us and our competitors will compete increasingly for consumer drinking occasions. Product innovation is a significant element of our growth strategy; however, there can be no assurance
that we will continue to develop and implement successful line extensions, packaging, formulation or flavor changes, or new products. Unsuccessful implementation or short-lived popularity of our product innovations may result in inventory write-offs
and other costs, and may also damage the consumer’s image of the brand family. Our inability to attract consumers to our product innovations relative to our competitors’ products and to continue to do so over time, likely would negatively
affect our growth, business performance and financial results over time. 

National and local governments may adopt
regulations or undertake investigations that could increase our expenses or limit our business activities. 

Our business is subject to extensive regulatory requirements regarding production, importation, marketing and promotion, labeling, distribution, trade, and pricing practices, among others. Changes in
laws, regulatory measures, or governmental policies, or in the manner in which current ones are interpreted, could cause Brown-Forman to incur material additional costs or liabilities, and jeopardize the growth of the business. Governments may
impose or increase limitations on advertising and promotional activities, place restrictions on retail outlets or other locations, times or occasions where beverage alcohol may be sold or consumed, or adopt other measures that could directly or
indirectly limit our opportunities to reach consumers and sell our products. 

For example, the Federal Trade
Commission has called for the beverage alcohol industry to move voluntarily to a minimum 85% adult demographic advertising placement standard in the U.S., from the current 70%. The Russian government is considering restoring the state monopoly
on beverage alcohol to combat that country’s excessive consumption. In Europe, regulators in a number of countries are considering potential bans or severe limitations on the marketing and sale of ready-to-drink products, as well as the
imposition of minimum prices and other restrictions on spirits products. If these or other severe regulatory changes are adopted, consumer demand could decline to the point of significantly damaging our business performance and prospects.

8 

In addition, from time to time governmental bodies in the United States and
international markets investigate business and trade practices of beverage alcohol producers, distributors, suppliers, and retailers, including their compliance with specific beverage alcohol trade regulations, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act, and similar laws in the U.K. and other countries. Our policies and procedures require compliance by our employees and agents with all laws and regulations applicable to our business operations. Nonetheless, despite our policies, procedures and
related training programs, governmental investigators may allege or determine that non-compliance has occurred and impose significant penalties and monetary fines. Thus, adverse developments in or as a result of regulatory measures and governmental
investigations could hurt our business operations, reputation and financial results. 

Tax increases and changes in tax
rules could adversely affect our financial results. 

Our business is sensitive to changes in both
direct and indirect taxes. As a multinational company based in the United States, Brown-Forman is more exposed to the effects of the various forms of tax changes in the United States than most of our major competitors, especially those changes
that affect the net effective corporate income tax rate. Changes that have been proposed in the past (but not enacted) by Congress or the present administration exemplify this risk; they include repealing LIFO (last-in, first-out accounting
treatment of inventory) for tax purposes, decreasing or eliminating the ability of United States-based companies to receive a tax credit for foreign taxes paid or to obtain a current U.S. tax deduction for certain expenses in the U.S. related to
foreign earnings, and increasing the tax on dividends and/or capital gains. 

Increases in excise taxes, income
taxes, or other tax increases could also materially depress our financial results by reducing purchases of our products and encouraging consumers to switch to lower-priced and lower-taxed product categories. While no legislation to increase federal
excise taxes on distilled spirits is currently pending in the United States, excise tax increases are possible, as are further increases to other federal tax burdens imposed on the broader business community and consumers. Municipal and state
governments may also increase tax burdens to cover budget deficits and compensate for declines in other revenue sources. Several states and many more municipalities have various tax increases under consideration that could adversely affect our
business and/or consumers of our products. New tax rules, accounting standards or pronouncements, and changes in interpretation of existing ones, could also have a significant adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

Our global business can also be negatively affected by increases in tax rates, such as income taxes, excise taxes, value
added taxes, import and export duties, tariff barriers, and/or related local governmental economic protectionism, and the suddenness and unpredictability with which these can occur. The recent global economic downturn has increased our tax-related
risks in many countries where we do business, as governmental entities may further increase taxes on beverage alcohol products to replace lost revenues. 

If the social or health acceptability of our products declines or governments adopt policies disadvantageous to beverage alcohol, our business could be materially adversely affected.

Our ability to market and sell our products depends heavily on both societal attitudes toward
drinking and governmental policies that flow from those attitudes. In recent years, there has been increased social and political attention directed at the beverage alcohol industry. The recent attention has focused largely on public health concerns
related to alcohol abuse, including drunk driving, underage drinking, and the negative health impacts of the abuse and misuse of beverage alcohol. While most people who drink enjoy alcoholic beverages in moderation, it is commonly known and well
reported that excessive levels or inappropriate patterns of drinking can lead to increased risk of a myriad of health conditions and, for certain people, can result in alcohol dependence. The alcohol industry critics in the United States, Europe and
other countries around the world increasingly seek governmental measures to make beverage alcohol products more expensive, less available, and more difficult to advertise and promote. If future research indicated more widespread serious health risks
associated with alcohol consumption, and particularly with moderate consumption, or if for any reason the social 

9 

acceptability of beverage alcohol were to decline significantly, sales of our products could decrease materially. Our sales could also suffer if governments banned or restricted advertising or
promotional activities, limited hours or places of sale or consumption, or took other actions that discouraged alcohol purchase or consumption. 

Litigation could expose our business to financial and reputational risk. 

Major private or governmental litigation challenging the production, promotion, distribution or sale of beverage alcohol or specific brands, could affect our ability to sell products; and even ultimate
vindication can be costly. Several years ago, a series of putative class action cases were filed against several beverage alcohol companies, including Brown-Forman, alleging that large producers intentionally focused advertising and promotion at
under-age consumers. All of the cases were either dismissed or withdrawn at early stages, but only after considerable effort and expense. Other lawsuits have been brought against beverage alcohol companies alleging problems related to alcohol
abuse, negative health consequences from drinking, problems from alleged marketing or sales practices, or underage drinking. While these lawsuits have been largely unsuccessful in the past, others are possible in the future. We could also
experience employment related class actions, environmental claims, product liability actions stemming from a beverage or container production defect, a whistleblower suit, or other major litigation that could adversely affect our business results,
particularly to the extent the losses or expenses were not insurable or insured. 

Governmental actions around
the world to enforce trade practice, anti-corruption, competition, tax, environmental and other laws are also a continuing risk for global companies such as Brown-Forman. In addition, as a U.S. public company we are exposed to the risk of
shareholder class action suits, particularly following a precipitous drop in the share price of our stock. Adverse developments in major lawsuits concerning these or other matters could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Production facility disruption or the inherent uncertainty in supply/demand forecasting could adversely affect our business,
especially our aged products. 

If there were a catastrophic failure at one of our major distillation or
bottling facilities, or of our information systems, our business could be adversely affected. Some of our significant products are produced at a single source. Further, because whiskies and some tequilas are aged for various periods, we maintain a
substantial inventory of aged and maturing products in warehouses at a handful of different sites. The loss of a substantial amount of aged inventory — through fire, other natural or man-made disaster, contamination, or
otherwise —could result in a significant reduction in supply of the affected product or products. If we experienced a disruption in the supply of new oak barrels in which to age our whiskies, our business could suffer. 

In addition, there is an inherent risk of forecasting error in determining the quantity of maturing stock to store in a
given year for future consumption. Forecasting inaccuracies could lead to either an inability to supply demand, and lost opportunity, or a surplus of inventory. There are a number of levers that we use, including price, to balance available supply
with fluctuations in consumer demand, but we cannot be sure whether the levers will create the desired balance in particular years, products or markets. A consequence of any of these or other supply disruptions could be our inability to meet
consumer demand for the affected products for a period of time, and other significant adverse business consequences that insurance proceeds may be insufficient to compensate, such as damage to brand equity and future sales from not having our
products in the market and in consumers’ sights and hands for this period of time. 

Consolidation among, changes
in, increased competition by, or poor performance by beverage alcohol producers, wholesalers or retailers could hinder the marketing, sale and distribution of our products. 

We use different business models to market and distribute our products in different regions of the world. In the United
States, we sell our products either to wholesale distributors for resale to retail outlets or, in those states that control alcohol sales, to state governments who then sell them to retail customers and consumers. In our other global markets, we use
a variety of route-to-consumer models — including in many markets, reliance on 

10 

other spirits producers to market and sell our products. Consolidation among spirits producers, distributors, wholesalers or retailers could hinder the distribution and sale of our products as a
result of reduced attention and resources allocated to our brands during transition periods, the possibility that our brands might represent a smaller portion of the new business, increased negotiating leverage of retailers, and/or an increasingly
competitive environment. Also, changes to our route-to-consumer partner or method in important markets could result in temporary or longer-term sales disruption. Further, while we believe that our size relative to that of our competitors currently
gives us sufficient scale to succeed, we nevertheless face a risk that a continuing consolidation of the large beverage alcohol companies could put us at a competitive disadvantage. 

Our competitors may respond to industry and economic conditions more rapidly or effectively than we do. Retailers and
wholesalers of our brands offer products that compete directly with ours for shelf space, promotional displays, and consumer purchases. Pricing (including price promotions, discounting, couponing and free goods), marketing, new product
introductions, and other competitive behavior by other suppliers, and by distributors and retailers who sell their products against one or more of our brands, could adversely affect our sales, margins, and profitability. In difficult economic times,
consumers tend to be particularly price sensitive and to make more of their purchases in discount stores and other off-premise establishments; therefore, the deleterious effect on our sales of our pricing strategy coupled with these competitive
activities may be more pronounced when the economy suffers. 

We might not succeed in our strategies for acquisitions and
dispositions. 

From time to time, we acquire or invest in additional brands or businesses. We expect
to continue to seek acquisition and investment opportunities that we believe will increase long-term shareholder value, but we cannot assure that we will be able to find and purchase brands or businesses at acceptable prices and terms. It might also
prove difficult to integrate acquired businesses and personnel into our existing systems and operations, and to bring them into conformity with our trade practice standards, financial control environment, and U.S. public company requirements.
Acquisitions and their integration can involve significant expense and management time and attention, and could disrupt our business. Our ability to increase sales and/or profitability of the brands we acquire will be important to our future
performance. 

Brand or business acquisitions can also expose us to unknown liabilities, the possible loss of
key customers and/or employees most knowledgeable about the acquired business, and risks associated with doing business in countries or regions with less stable governments, weaker legal systems, ineffective enforcement of illegal trade or other
practices, and/or volatile economies, among other risks. Acquisitions, investments or joint ventures could also lead us to incur additional debt and related interest expenses, issue additional shares, and become exposed to contingent liabilities, as
well as lead to dilution in our earnings per share and reduction in our return on average invested capital. We could incur future restructuring charges or record impairment losses on the value of goodwill and/or other intangible assets resulting
from previous acquisitions, which may also negatively affect our financial results. 

We also evaluate from
time-to-time the potential disposition of assets or businesses that may no longer meet our growth, return and/or strategic objectives. In selling assets or businesses, we may not get a price or terms as favorable as we anticipated. We could also
encounter difficulty in finding buyers on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay our accomplishment of strategic objectives. Expected cost savings from reduced overhead relating to the sold assets may not materialize, and the
overhead reductions could temporarily disrupt our other business operations. Any of these outcomes could hurt our performance.

As a consumer brand company, inadequate protection, counterfeiting, or piracy, of our intellectual property rights or product
tampering could adversely affect our business prospects. 

Our brand names, trademarks, and related
intellectual property rights are critical assets of the Company. Consequently, our business depends on our successful protection of them. We devote substantial resources to protect our intellectual property rights around the world. We challenge
those who imitate our products. Although 

11 

we believe that our intellectual property rights are legally protected in the markets in which we do business, the ability to register and enforce intellectual property rights varies greatly from
country to country. We cannot be certain that trademark registrations in our favor will be issued in every country in which we wish to sell a particular product or that protective decisions by courts or trademark offices will be in our favor.

Many global spirits brands in the beverage alcohol industry, including ours, experience problems with product
counterfeiting and other forms of trademark infringement, especially in Asia and Eastern European markets. Brown-Forman, together with other spirits industry leaders, works cooperatively via our membership in the International Federation of Spirits
Producers (“IFSP”) to combat spirits counterfeiting. While we believe the IFSP generally to be an effective organization, IFSP efforts are subject to the difficulties in some markets brought on by difficulties with local authorities and
courts. Despite our and IFSP efforts, confusingly similar, lower quality, or even counterfeit product that is harmful to consumers could reach the market and adversely affect our intellectual property rights, brand equity, corporate reputation,
and/or financial results. 

Sales of one or more of our products also could diminish due to a scare over
product tampering or contamination. Actual contaminations of our products or raw materials used to produce, ferment or distill them, whether deliberately by a third party or accidentally, could lead to inferior product quality and even illness,
injury or death to consumers, potential liability claims and loss. Should a product recall become necessary or we voluntarily recalled product in the event of contamination or damage, sales of the affected product or our broader portfolio of brands
could be affected adversely. 

Negative publicity may affect our stock price and business performance.

Unfavorable media related to our industry, company, brands, marketing, personnel, operations, business
performance, or prospects may affect our stock price and the performance of our business, regardless of its accuracy or inaccuracy. Since we are a branded consumer products company, adverse publicity or negative commentary on social media outlets
could hurt both our company’s stock price and actual operating results, as consumers might avoid brands or products that receive bad press or negative consumer reviews. 

Termination of our rights to distribute and market agency brands included in our portfolio could adversely affect our financial results.

In addition to the brands our Company owns, we also market and distribute products on behalf of other brand owners in
selected markets, including the United States. Our rights to sell these agency brands are based on contracts with various brand owners, which have varying lengths, renewal terms, termination rights, and other provisions. We earn a margin for these
sales and also gain distribution cost efficiencies in some instances. The termination of our rights to distribute agency brands included in our portfolio could adversely affect our financial results. 

Regulatory effects resulting from climate change or other environmental issues may negatively affect our operations and
financial performance.

While uncertainties exist in the legislative and regulatory processes
regarding climate change and other environmental issues, additional regulatory requirements in the United States and other countries may increase our operational costs, due to the higher cost of compliance. New legislation or regulation relating to
climate change or other environmental issues could also increase consumer energy prices, which could reduce consumer demand for our beverage alcohol brands.