We believe the following discussion identifies the material risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks were actually to occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Additional risks not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, could also materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition.

Risks Related to Our Business and Operations

Our business performance depends substantially on the continued health of the Jack Daniel’s family of brands.

The Jack Daniel’s family of brands is the primary driver of our revenue, and Jack Daniel’s is an iconic global trademark with a loyal consumer fan base. We invest much effort and many resources to protect and preserve the brand’s reputation for authenticity, craftsmanship, and quality. A brand’s reputational value is based in large part on consumer perceptions, and even an isolated incident that causes harm – particularly one resulting in widespread negative publicity – could adversely influence these perceptions and erode consumer trust and confidence in the brand. Significant damage to the brand equity of the Jack Daniel’s family of brands would adversely affect our business. Given the importance of Jack Daniel’s to our overall success, a significant or sustained decline in sales of our Jack Daniel’s products, as a result of negative publicity or otherwise, would have a negative effect on our financial results. Additionally, if we are not successful in our efforts to maintain or increase the relevance of the Jack Daniel’s brand to current and future consumers, our business and operating results could suffer.

Changes to our route-to-consumer models and consolidation among beverage alcohol producers, distributors, wholesalers, suppliers, and retailers could hinder the marketing, sale, or distribution of our products.

We use various business models to market and distribute our products in different countries around the world. In the United States, we sell our products either to distributors for resale to retail outlets or e-commerce retailers or, in those states that control alcohol sales, to state governments who then sell them to retail customers and consumers. In our non-U.S. markets, we use a variety of route-to-consumer models, and, in many markets, we rely on third parties to distribute, market, and sell our products. We own and operate 17 distribution companies in 18 countries. Transitioning from a third-party distribution model to an owned-distribution model involves a significant undertaking, and subjects us to additional operational and execution risks associated with each affected geographic region. If we are unsuccessful in our route-to-consumer strategies, including any transition to owned distribution, the sale and marketing of our products could be disrupted.

Changes to any of our route-to-consumer models or distributors in important markets could result in temporary or longer-term sales disruption, higher costs, and harm to other business relationships we might have with that distributor. Disruption of our distribution network or fluctuations in our product inventory levels at distributors, wholesalers, or retailers could negatively affect our results for a particular period. Moreover, other suppliers, as well as wholesalers and retailers of our brands, offer products that compete directly with ours for shelf space, promotional displays, and consumer purchases. 

Pricing (including price promotions, discounting, couponing, and free goods), marketing, new product introductions, entry into our distribution networks, and other competitive behavior by other suppliers and by wholesalers and traditional and e-commerce retailers, could adversely affect our growth, business, and financial results. While we seek to take advantage of the efficiencies and opportunities that large retail customers can offer, they often seek lower pricing and increased purchase volume flexibility, offer competing private label products, and represent a large number of other competing products. If the buying power of these large retail customers continues to increase, it could negatively affect our financial results. Further, while we believe we have sufficient scale to succeed relative to our major competitors, we nevertheless face a risk that continuing consolidation of large beverage alcohol companies could put us at a competitive disadvantage.

Consolidation, whether domestically or internationally, among spirits producers, distributors, wholesalers, suppliers, or retailers and the increased growth of the e-commerce environment across the consumer product goods market have created and could continue to create a more challenging competitive landscape for our products. Consolidation at any level could hinder the distribution and sale of our products as a result of reduced attention and resources allocated to our brands because our brands might represent a smaller portion of the new business portfolio. Furthermore, consolidation of distributors may lead to the erosion of margins. Changes in distributors’ strategies, including a reduction in the number of brands they carry, the allocation of shelf space for our competitors’ brands, or private label products, may adversely affect our growth, business, financial results, and market share. Our competitors may respond to industry and economic conditions and shifts in consumer behaviors more rapidly or effectively than we do. To remain competitive, we must be agile and efficient in adopting digital technologies and building analytical capabilities, which our competitors may be able to achieve with more agility and resources.

16

We are subject to risks from changes to the trade policies, tariffs, and import and export regulations of the United States and foreign governments. 

Changes in import and export policies, including trade restrictions, new or increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes, sanctions and countersanctions, safeguards, or customs restrictions by the United States and foreign governments, could require us to change the way we conduct business and negatively affect our business performance, financial condition, results of operations, and our relationships with customers, suppliers, and employees. Likewise, changes in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development, and investment in the territories or countries where we currently sell our products or conduct our business could adversely affect our business.

The United States has announced and/or implemented significant new tariffs on imported goods from a wide range of countries, which has prompted retaliatory tariffs by a number of countries and a cycle of retaliatory tariffs by both the United States and other countries. For example, in March 2025, several Canadian provinces removed all American beverage alcohol from store shelves, including Jack Daniel’s, in response to the United States announcing a 25% tariff on goods imported from Canada. While certain U.S. tariffs were struck down by the U.S. Supreme Court in February 2026, the United States subsequently announced additional new tariffs on nonexempt imports, and the U.S. tariff rate remains at a historically high level. Additionally, newly announced tariffs, particularly in light of the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision invalidating the use of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act to authorize certain tariffs and the potential escalation of trade disputes, could pose a significant risk to our business, including an increase to the cost of our products and, to the extent we absorb the costs of tariffs and do not pass them through to our customers, higher cost of goods sold and lower gross profit and margins. The extent and duration of the tariffs and the resulting impact on general economic conditions on our business are uncertain and depend on various factors, including negotiations between the United States and affected countries, modifications and delays to or invalidation of various tariffs and associated refund procedures, the responses of other countries or regions, exemptions or exclusions that may be granted, availability and cost of alternative sources of supply, and demand for our products in affected markets. Further, actions we take to adapt to new tariffs or trade restrictions may cause us to modify our operations or forgo business opportunities. Likewise, tariffs and import and export regulations could also limit the availability of our products, prompt consumers to seek alternative products, and provide an opportunity for competitors not subject to such tariffs to establish a presence in markets where we conduct our business.

Changes in consumer preferences and purchases, any decline in the social acceptability of our products, or governmental adoption of policies disadvantageous to beverage alcohol could negatively affect our business results.

We are a branded consumer products company in a highly competitive market, and our success depends substantially on our continued ability to offer consumers appealing, high-quality products. Consumer preferences and purchases may shift, often in unpredictable ways, as a result of a variety of factors, including health and wellness trends, consumer dietary preference changes, weight loss regimens and pharmaceuticals, including GLP-1 drugs; changes in economic conditions, demographic, and social trends; public health policies and initiatives; changes in government regulation of beverage alcohol products; concerns or regulations related to product safety; legalization of cannabis and its use on a more widespread basis in the markets where we operate; and changes in trends related to travel, leisure, dining, gifting, entertaining, and beverage consumption. As a result, consumers may begin to shift their consumption and purchases away from our premium and super-premium products, or away from alcoholic beverages entirely. This shift further includes consumption at home as a result of various factors, including shifts in social trends and shifts in the channels for the purchases of our products. These shifts in consumption and purchasing channels could adversely impact our profitability. Consumers may also begin to prefer the products of competitors or may generally reduce their demand for brands produced by larger companies. Over the past several decades, the number of small, local distilleries in the United States has grown significantly. This growth is being driven by a trend of consumers showing increasing interest in locally produced, regionally sourced products. As more brands enter the market, increased competition could negatively affect demand for our premium and super-premium American whiskey brands, including Jack Daniel’s. In addition, we could experience unfavorable business results if we fail to attract consumers from diverse backgrounds and ethnicities in all our markets.

Expansion into new product categories by other suppliers, or innovation by new entrants into the market, could increase competition in our product categories. For example, we have observed an increase in diversification by various consumer goods companies such as the entrance of both traditional beer and soft drink companies into the ready-to-drink market and the entrance of both beer and spirits companies into the cannabis market – expanding the potential for competition in the spirits market from various sectors of the consumer goods industry. Increased competition may, among other things, negatively impact our ability to maintain or gain market share; increase pricing pressure, which inhibits our ability to adequately respond to inflationary changes in commodities used in making our products; require increases in marketing and promotional activities; and negatively impact the market for our premium and super-premium products. To continue to succeed, we must anticipate or react effectively to shifts in demographics, our competition, consumer behavior, consumer preferences, drinking tastes, and drinking occasions.

17

We believe that new products, line extensions, label and bottle changes, product reformulations, and similar product innovations by both our competitors and us will increase competition in our industry. Product innovation, particularly for our core brands, is a significant element of our growth strategy; however, there can be no assurance that we will continue to develop and implement successful line extensions, packaging, formulation or flavor changes, or new products.

Unsuccessful implementation or short-lived popularity of our product innovations could result in inventory write-offs and other costs, could reduce profits from one year to the next, and could also damage consumers’ perception of our brands. Our inability to attract consumers to our product innovations relative to our competitors’ products – especially over time – could negatively affect our growth, business, and financial results.

Production facility disruption could adversely affect our business.

Some of our largest brands, including Jack Daniel’s and our tequilas, are distilled at single locations. A catastrophic event causing physical damage, disruption, or failure at any one of our major distillation or bottling facilities could adversely affect our business. Further, because whiskeys, rums, and some tequilas are aged for various periods, we maintain a substantial inventory of aged and maturing products in warehouses at a number of different sites. The loss of a substantial amount of aged inventory – through fire, other natural or man-made disaster, contamination, or otherwise – could significantly reduce the supply of the affected product or products. These and other supply (or supply chain) disruptions could prevent us from meeting consumer demand for the affected products in the short and medium term. In addition to catastrophic events identified above, supply disruptions could include the temporary inability to make our products at normal levels or at all. We could also experience disruptions if our suppliers are unable to deliver supplies. Our business continuity plans may not prevent business disruption, and reconstruction of any damaged facilities could require a significant amount of time and resources.

The inherent uncertainty in supply/demand forecasting could adversely affect our business, particularly with respect to our aged products.

There is an inherent risk of forecasting imprecision in determining the quantity of aged and maturing products to produce and hold in inventory in a given year for future sale. The forecasting strategies we use to balance product supply with fluctuations in consumer demand may not be effective for particular years or products. For example, in addition to our American and Irish whiskeys, rums, and some tequilas, which are aged for various periods, our Scotch whisky brands require long-term maturation – an average of 12 years with limited releases of 30 years or more – making forecasts of demand for such products in future periods subject to significant uncertainty. Our tequila supply also depends on the growth cycle of agave plants, which take approximately six to seven years to reach full maturity, requiring us to make forecasts of demand for our tequilas over a long-time horizon to determine in advance how much agave to plant or otherwise source. Factors that affect our ability to forecast accurately include changes in business strategy, market demand, consumer preferences, macroeconomic conditions, introductions of competing products, and other changes in market conditions. Additionally, our supply of aged products can deviate from expectations due to changes in forecasted maturation loss. Such forecasting errors could lead to our inability to meet the objectives of our business strategy, failure to meet future demand, or a future surplus of inventory and consequent write-down in value of such inventory. A failure to accurately forecast demand for our products or efficiently manage inventory could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Further, we cannot be certain that we will be successful in using various levers, such as pricing changes, to create the desired balance of available supply and consumer demand for particular years or products. As a consequence, we may be unable to meet consumer demand for the affected products for a period of time. Furthermore, not having our products in the market consistently may adversely affect our brand equity and future sales.

Higher costs or unavailability of water, raw materials, product ingredients, or labor could adversely affect our financial results. 

Our products use materials and ingredients that we purchase from suppliers. Our ability to make and sell our products depends on the availability of the raw materials, product ingredients, finished products, oak barrels, glass and PET bottles, cans, bottle closures, packaging, and other materials used to produce and package them. Without sufficient quantities of one or more of our key materials, our business and financial results could suffer. For instance, only a few glass producers make bottles on a scale sufficient for our requirements, and a single producer supplies most of our glass requirements. Inability of our primary glass provider to produce sufficient quantities to meet our needs would increase our cost to produce and constrain supply of some of our products. Likewise, we source our oak barrels, in which we age our American whiskey, from an external supplier. If supply chain challenges occur in the future with respect to glass, oak barrels, or other key materials or ingredients that we purchase from suppliers, it would be difficult and more expensive to produce and deliver our products. Similarly, our operations and financial results could suffer if any of our key suppliers were no longer able to meet our timing, quality, or capacity requirements, ceased doing business with us, or significantly raised prices, and we could not promptly develop alternative cost-effective sources of supply or production.

18

Higher costs or insufficient availability of suitable grain, agave, water, molasses, oak barrels, glass, closures, and other input materials, or higher associated labor costs or insufficient availability of labor, could adversely affect our financial results. Similarly, when energy costs rise, our transportation, freight, and other operating costs, such as distilling and bottling expenses, also could increase. Our freight costs and the timely delivery of our products could be adversely affected by a number of factors, including driver or equipment shortages, higher fuel costs, weather conditions, traffic congestion, ocean freight lane disruptions, shipment container availability, rail shutdowns, customs importation delays, and increased government regulation. 

International or domestic geopolitical or other events, including the imposition of tariffs or quotas by governmental authorities on any raw materials that we use in the production of our products, could adversely affect the supply and cost of these raw materials to us. Additionally, changes in global grain and commodity pricing and availability may impact the markets where we operate. If we cannot offset higher raw material costs with higher selling prices, increased sales volume, or reductions in other costs, our profitability could be adversely affected. For example, armed conflicts in the Middle East have contributed to elevated freight rates and longer transit times compared to historical levels, and prolonged or escalating conflicts could result in additional supply chain disruption, including higher transportation costs (such as a result of increased fuel costs), shipping delays, or increased costs from using air freight instead of ocean freight to mitigate inventory delays.

Weather, acute or chronic climate change impacts, floods, fires, diseases, and other agricultural uncertainties that affect the health, yield, quality, or price of the various raw materials used in our products also present risks for our business, including in some cases potential impairment in the recorded value of our inventory. Increasing average temperatures could also affect the maturation and yield of our aged inventory over time. Changes in weather patterns or intensity can disrupt our supply chain as well, which may affect production operations, insurance costs and coverage, and the timely delivery of our products.

Water is an essential component of our products, so the quality and quantity of available water is critical to our ability to operate our business. If extended droughts become more common or severe, or if our water supply is interrupted for other reasons such as government intervention, high-quality water could become scarce in some key production regions for our products, which in turn could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Unfavorable economic conditions could negatively affect our operations and results.

Unfavorable global or regional economic conditions may be triggered by numerous developments beyond our control, including geopolitical events, health crises, and other events that trigger economic volatility on a global or regional basis. Those types of unfavorable economic conditions could adversely affect our business and financial results. In particular, a significant deterioration in economic conditions, including economic slowdowns or recessions, increased unemployment levels, inflationary pressures, or disruptions to credit and capital markets could lead to decreased consumer confidence and consumer spending, thus reducing consumer demand for our products and sales of used barrels. Unfavorable economic conditions could also cause governments to increase taxes on beverage alcohol to attempt to raise revenue, reducing consumers’ willingness to make discretionary purchases of beverage alcohol products or pay for premium brands such as ours.

Unfavorable economic conditions could also adversely affect our suppliers, distributors, customers, and retailers, who in turn could experience cash flow challenges, more costly or unavailable financing, credit defaults, and other financial hardships. Such financial hardships could lead to distributor or retailer destocking, disruption in raw material supply, increase in bad debt expense, or increased levels of unsecured credit that we may need to provide to customers. Other potential negative consequences to our business from unfavorable economic conditions include higher interest rates, an increase in the rate of inflation, deflation, exchange rate fluctuations, credit or capital market instability, or lower returns on pension assets or lower discount rates for pension obligations (possibly requiring higher contributions to our pension plans).

We might not succeed in our strategies for investments, acquisitions, dispositions, and other strategic transactions.

From time to time, we consider acquiring or investing in additional brands or businesses or undertaking other strategic transactions. We expect to continue to seek acquisition, investment, and other strategic opportunities that we believe will increase long-term stockholder value, but we may not successfully identify potential acquisition or investment opportunities, identify suitable counterparties willing to transact with us, or consummate the purchase of brands or businesses or other strategic transactions at acceptable prices and terms. Acquisitions, investments and other transactions involve risks and uncertainties, including the potential to pay more than a brand or business is ultimately determined to be worth; potential difficulties integrating acquired brands and personnel; if applicable, difficulties in obtaining governmental approvals; the possible loss of key customers or employees most knowledgeable about the acquired business; implementing and maintaining consistent U.S. public company standards, controls, procedures, policies, and information systems; exposure to unknown liabilities; possible business disruption; and possible management distraction or departure. We have in the past, and could in the future, incur restructuring charges or record impairment losses on the value of intangible assets resulting from previous acquisitions. Whether or not completed, the evaluation, negotiation, announcement, or pursuit of any such transactions may 

19

involve significant costs, management distraction, disruption to our business relationships, employee uncertainty, and litigation risk.

From time to time, we also consider disposing of assets or businesses that may no longer meet our financial or strategic objectives. In selling assets or businesses, we may not get prices or terms as favorable as we anticipated. We could also encounter difficulty in finding buyers on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay accomplishment of our strategic objectives. Expected cost savings from reduced overhead relating to the sold assets may not materialize. The overhead reductions associated with such dispositions could temporarily disrupt our other business operations. Any of these outcomes could negatively affect our financial results.

Negative publicity or our inability or failure to recognize, respond to, and effectively manage the increased impact of social media could affect our business performance.

Unfavorable publicity, whether accurate or not, related to our industry or to us or our products, brands, marketing, executive leadership, employees, Board of Directors, family stockholders, operations, current or anticipated business performance, or environmental, social, or governance efforts could negatively affect our corporate reputation, stock price, ability to attract and retain high-quality talent, or the performance of our brands and business. Additionally, investor advocacy groups, institutional investors, other market participants, stockholders, employees, consumers, customers, influencers, and policymakers have focused increasingly on the environmental, social, and governance or “sustainability” positions and practices of companies. If our positions or practices do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, our corporate reputation, stock price, ability to attract and retain high-quality talent, and the performance of our brands and business may be negatively affected. Stakeholders and others who disagree with our company’s actions, positions, or statements may speak negatively or advocate against the Company, with the potential to harm our reputation or business through negative publicity, adverse government treatment, or other means.

There has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms and websites, including blogs, chat and messaging platforms, video-sharing platforms, and other forms of Internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience. The rising popularity of social media and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination and given users the ability to more effectively organize collective actions such as boycotts and other brand-damaging behaviors. Many social media platforms immediately publish content, often without context, filters, or checks on accuracy. Consequently, companies may not be able to investigate or effectively respond to negative information or content disseminated in this manner, including fictitious media content (such as content produced by generative AI or bad actors). Adverse publicity or negative commentary on social media, whether accurate or not, particularly any that go “viral,” could cause consumers or other stakeholders to react by disparaging or avoiding our brands or company, which could materially negatively affect our financial results.

Social media is also increasingly used to compel companies to express public positions on issues and topics not directly related to their core business, which could prove controversial or divisive to consumers and result in lost sales or a misallocation of resources. In addition, laws and regulations, including FTC enforcement, are rapidly evolving to govern social media platforms and communications. A failure of us, our employees, or third parties acting at our direction or on our behalf, or others perceived to be associated with us, to abide by applicable laws and regulations regarding the use of social media, or to appropriately use social media, could adversely impact our reputation and our business, or subject us to penalties or litigation. Other risks associated with the use of social media include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about our brands, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes, and malicious dissemination of false information.

Product recalls or other product liability claims could materially and adversely affect our sales.

The success of our brands depends on the positive image that consumers have of them. We could decide to or be required to recall products due to suspected or confirmed product contamination, product tampering, spoilage, regulatory non-compliance, food safety issues, or other quality issues. Any of these events could adversely affect our financial results. Actual contamination, whether deliberate or accidental, could lead to inferior product quality and even illness, injury, or death of consumers, potential liability claims, and material loss. Should a product recall become necessary, or we voluntarily recall a product in the event of contamination, damage, or other quality issue, sales of the affected product or our broader portfolio of brands could be adversely affected. A significant product liability judgment or widespread product recall may negatively impact sales and our business and financial results. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, resulting negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and our corporate and brand image.

20

Our failure to attract or retain key talent could adversely affect our business.

Our success depends on the efforts and abilities of our senior management team, other key employees, and our high-quality employee base, as well as our ability to attract, motivate, reward, develop, and retain them. Difficulties in hiring or retaining key executive or other employee talent, or the unexpected loss of experienced employees resulting in the depletion of our institutional knowledge base, could have an adverse impact on our business performance, reputation, financial condition, or results of operations. Given changing demographics, immigration laws and policies, and demand for talent globally, we may not be able to find the people with the right skills, at the right time, and in the right location, to achieve our business objectives.

Our business faces various risks related to health epidemics and pandemics that could materially and adversely affect our business, our operations, our cash flows, and our financial results.

Our business, operations, cash flows, and financial results have previously been, and in the future could be, impacted by health epidemics, pandemics, and similar outbreaks. Any future epidemic, pandemic, or other outbreak could cause negative impacts such as (a) a global or U.S. recession or other economic crisis; (b) credit and capital markets volatility (and access to these markets, including by our suppliers and customers); (c) volatility in demand for our products; (d) changes in accessibility to our products due to illness, quarantines, “stay at home” orders, travel restrictions, retail, restaurant, bar, and hotel closures, social distancing requirements, and other government action; (e) changes in consumer behavior and preferences; and (f) disruptions in raw material supply, in our manufacturing operations, or in our distribution and supply chain. In addition, we may incur increased costs and otherwise be negatively affected if a significant portion of our workforce (or the workforces within our distribution or supply chain) cannot work or work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, “stay at home” orders, social distancing requirements, other government action, facility closures, or other restrictions. Accordingly, a future widespread health epidemic or pandemic could materially and adversely affect our business, operations, cash flows, and financial results.

Risks Related to Our Global Operations

Our global business is subject to commercial, political, and financial risks.

Our products are sold in more than 170 countries; accordingly, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally, including commercial, political, and financial risks. In addition, we are subject to potential business disruption caused by military conflicts, including the ongoing conflict with Iran and/or Iranian-sponsored actors, other conflicts in the Middle East, and the ongoing conflict in Ukraine and the resulting sanctions imposed on Russia by the United States and other countries; potentially unstable governments or legal systems; social, racial, civil, or political upheaval or unrest; local labor policies and conditions, including labor strikes and work stoppages; possible expropriation, nationalization, or confiscation of assets; problems with repatriation of foreign earnings; economic or trade sanctions; closure of markets to imports; anti-American sentiment; terrorism, kidnapping, extortion, or other types of violence in or outside the United States; and health crises. Violent crime is increasing in markets around the globe, including the United States. If a violent event should occur at one of our sites, it could disrupt business operations, impair brand reputation, increase insurance and security expenses, and adversely affect the price of our stock.

A failure to comply with anti-corruption laws, trade sanctions and restrictions, or similar laws or regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.

Some of the countries where we do business have a higher risk of corruption than others, particularly those with emerging economies. While we are committed to doing business in accordance with all applicable laws, including anti-corruption laws and global trade restrictions, we remain subject to the risk that an employee, or one of our many direct or indirect business associates, may take action determined to be in violation of international trade, money laundering, anti-corruption, or other laws, sanctions, or regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, or equivalent local laws. Any determination that our operations or activities are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, particularly those related to anti-corruption and international economic or trade sanctions, could result in investigations; interruption of business; loss of business relationships; suspension or termination of credit agreements, licenses, and permits (our own or those of our business associates); imposition of fines; legal or equitable sanctions; negative publicity; and management distraction or departure. Further, our obligation to comply with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions, or other laws or regulations, our Code of Conduct, Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers, and our other policies could result in higher operating costs, delays, or even competitive disadvantages as compared to competitors based in different parts of the world.

21

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.

The global scope of our business means that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations relative to the U.S. dollar influence our financial results. In many markets outside the United States, we sell our products and pay for some goods, services, and labor costs primarily in local currencies. Because our foreign currency revenues exceed our foreign currency expense, we have a net exposure to changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to those currencies. Over time, our reported financial results will be negatively impacted by a stronger U.S. dollar and will be benefited by a weaker one. We hedge some of our foreign currency exposure through the use of foreign currency derivatives or other means. However, even in those cases, we do not fully eliminate our foreign currency exposure. 

A downgrade or potential downgrade of our credit ratings could adversely impact our borrowing costs and access to credit and capital markets, which could negatively affect our financial condition.

Rating agencies routinely evaluate us, basing their ratings on a number of factors, including our cash-generating capability, levels of indebtedness, policies with respect to stockholder distributions, the impact of strategic transactions, and our financial strength generally, as well as factors beyond our control, such as the state of the economy and our industry. Any downgrade or announcement that we are under review for a potential downgrade of our credit ratings, as occurred in November, 2025, especially any downgrade to below investment grade, could increase our future borrowing costs, impair our ability to access the credit and capital markets, including the commercial paper market, on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all or result in a reduction in our liquidity, requiring us to rely on more expensive types of financing. Any such outcome could negatively affect our financial condition.

Legal and Regulatory Risks

National and local governments may adopt regulations or undertake investigations that could limit our business activities or increase our costs.

Our business is subject to extensive regulatory requirements regarding production, exportation, importation, marketing and promotion, labeling, distribution, pricing, and trade practices, among others. Changes in laws, regulatory measures, or governmental policies, or the manner in which current ones are interpreted or enforced, could subject us to governmental investigations, cause us to incur material additional costs or liabilities, and jeopardize the growth of our business in the affected market. Specifically, governments could prohibit or impose or increase limitations on advertising and promotional activities, or times or locations where beverage alcohol may be sold or consumed, or adopt other measures that could limit our opportunities to reach consumers or sell our products. Some countries historically have banned all television, newspaper, magazine, and digital commerce/advertising for beverage alcohol products. Additional regulation of this nature could substantially reduce consumer awareness of our products in the affected markets and make introducing new products more challenging.

Additional regulation in the United States and other countries addressing the risks and impacts of climate change, use of water, and other environmental and social issues could increase our operating costs. Increasing regulation of greenhouse gas emissions could increase the cost of energy, including fuel, required to operate our facilities or transport and distribute our products, thereby substantially increasing the production, distribution, and supply chain costs associated with our products.

Tax increases and changes in tax rules could adversely affect our financial results.

Our business is sensitive to changes in both direct and indirect taxes. New tax rules, new accounting standards or pronouncements, and changes in the interpretation of existing rules, standards, or pronouncements could have a significant adverse effect on our business and financial results. As a multinational company based in the United States, we are more exposed to the impact of changes in U.S. tax legislation and regulations than most of our major competitors, especially changes that affect the corporate income tax rate. In addition, aspects of U.S. tax laws may lead foreign jurisdictions to enact tax legislation unfavorable to us. While we cannot predict whether any of these changes will ultimately be enacted, if these or similar proposals are enacted into law, they could negatively impact our effective tax rate and earnings.

At the global level, potential changes in tax rules or the interpretation of tax rules arising out of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project initiated by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) include increased residual profit allocations to market jurisdictions and the implementation of a global minimum tax rate. In December 2021, the OECD issued Pillar Two model rules, which would establish a global per-country minimum tax of 15%, and the European Union has approved a directive requiring member states to incorporate similar provisions into their respective domestic laws. The directive required the rules to become effective for fiscal years starting on or after December 31, 2023. While the United States has not yet enacted legislation to adopt Pillar Two, numerous countries have enacted such legislation, or have indicated their intent to adopt such legislation. In January 2026, the OECD released new administrative guidance introducing a 
"side-by-

22

side"
 framework (the package). The package modifies key aspects of Pillar Two, introducing safe harbors and largely exempting U.S.-headquartered companies from the application of certain aspects of the global minimum tax regime in recognition of existing U.S. minimum tax rules. These updated model rules must be incorporated into local tax legislation by implementing countries to become effective. The details of these minimum tax regimes are still being considered and could increase tax uncertainty in the short term. The ultimate enactment and interpretation of these evolving rules could adversely impact our financial results, cash flows, and results of operations in the future.

Our business operations are also subject to numerous duties or taxes not based on income, sometimes referred to as “indirect taxes.” These indirect taxes include excise taxes, sales or value-added taxes, property taxes, payroll taxes, import and export duties, and tariffs. Increases in or the imposition of new indirect taxes on our operations or products would increase the cost of our products or materials used to produce our products or, to the extent levied directly on consumers, make our products less affordable, which could negatively affect our financial results by reducing purchases of our products and encouraging consumers to switch to lower-priced or lower-taxed product categories. As governmental entities look for increased sources of revenue, they may increase taxes on beverage alcohol products. In fiscal 2026, we saw excise tax increases in several markets, including Canada, Czechia, France, Türkiye, and the United Kingdom. Additionally, in fiscal 2026, Australia continued to make an annual increase in excise taxes based on the consumer price index. 

We are also subject to regular reviews and audits by both domestic and foreign tax authorities on the direct and indirect taxes we pay. While we believe our tax positions will be sustained, the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation may differ materially from the tax provisions and accruals recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements, which could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.

Our ability to market and sell our products depends heavily on societal attitudes toward drinking and governmental policies that both flow from and affect those attitudes.

Increased social and political attention has been directed at the beverage alcohol industry. For example, attention remains focused largely on public health concerns related to alcohol abuse, including drunk driving, underage drinking, and the negative health impacts of the abuse and misuse of beverage alcohol. While most people who drink alcoholic beverages do so in moderation, it is commonly known and well reported that excessive levels or inappropriate patterns of drinking can lead to increased risk of a range of health conditions and, for certain people, can result in alcohol dependence. Some academics, public health officials, and critics of the alcohol industry in the United States, Europe, and other parts of the world continue to seek governmental measures to make beverage alcohol more expensive, less available, or more difficult to advertise and promote. If future scientific research indicates more widespread serious health risks associated with alcohol consumption – particularly with moderate consumption – or if for any reason the social acceptability of beverage alcohol declines significantly, sales of our products could be adversely affected.

Significant additional labeling, warning requirements, or limitations on the availability of our products could inhibit sales of affected products.

Various jurisdictions have adopted or may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or impose limitations on the availability of our products relating to the content or perceived adverse health consequences of some of our products. Several such labeling regulations or laws require warnings on any product with substances that the jurisdiction lists as potentially associated with cancer or birth defects. Our products already raise health and safety concerns for some regulators, and heightened requirements could be imposed. For example, Ireland’s Public Health (Alcohol) (Labelling) regulation sets unique health labeling requirements for alcohol being sold in the Irish market. The regulation mandates that all alcoholic beverages display warnings on product packaging informing consumers about the risk of consuming alcohol when pregnant and the risk of liver disease and fatal cancers from alcohol consumption. Such campaigns could result in additional governmental regulations concerning the production, marketing, labeling, or availability of our products, any of which could damage our reputation, make our premium brands unrecognizable, or reduce demand for our products, which could adversely affect our profitability. If additional or more severe requirements of this type are imposed on one or more of our major products under current or future health, environmental, or other laws or regulations, they could inhibit sales of such products. Further, we cannot predict whether our products will become subject to increased rules and regulations, which, if enacted, could increase our costs or adversely impact sales.

Counterfeiting or inadequate protection of our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business prospects.

Our brand names, trademarks, and related intellectual property rights are critical assets, and our business depends on protecting them online and in the countries where we do business. We may not succeed in protecting our intellectual property rights in a given market or in challenging those who infringe our rights or imitate or counterfeit our products. Although we believe that our intellectual property rights are legally protected in the markets where we do business, the ability to register and enforce intellectual property rights varies from country to country. In some countries, for example, it may be more difficult to 

23

successfully stop counterfeiting or look-alike products, either because the law is inadequate or, even though satisfactory legal options may exist, it may be difficult to obtain and enforce sanctions against counterfeiters. We may not be able to register our trademarks in every country where we want to sell a particular product, and we may not obtain favorable decisions by courts or trademark offices.

Many global spirits brands, including some of our brands, experience problems with product counterfeiting and other forms of trademark infringement. We combat counterfeiting by working with other companies in the spirits industry through our membership in the Alliance Against Counterfeit Spirits (AACS) and with brand owners in other industries via our membership in React, an anti-counterfeiting network organization. While we believe AACS and React are effective organizations, they are not active in every market, and their efforts are subject to obtaining the cooperation of local authorities and courts in the markets where they are active. Despite the efforts of AACS, React, and our own teams, lower-quality and counterfeit products that could be harmful to consumers could reach the market and adversely affect our intellectual property rights, brand equity, corporate reputation, and financial results. In addition, the industry as a whole could suffer negative effects related to the manufacture, sale, and consumption of illegally produced beverage alcohol.

Litigation and legal disputes could expose our business to financial and reputational risk.

Major private or governmental litigation challenging the production, marketing, promotion, distribution, or sale of beverage alcohol or specific brands could affect our ability to sell our products. Because litigation and other legal proceedings can be costly to defend, even actions that are ultimately decided in our favor could have a negative impact on our business reputation or financial results. Lawsuits have been brought against beverage alcohol companies alleging problems related to alcohol abuse, negative health consequences from drinking, problems from alleged marketing or sales practices, and underage drinking. While these lawsuits have been largely unsuccessful in the past, others may succeed in the future. We could also experience employment-related or cybersecurity-related class actions, environmental claims, commercial disputes, product liability actions stemming from a beverage or container production defect, a whistleblower suit, or other major litigation that could adversely affect our business results, particularly if there is negative publicity.

As discussed throughout these risk factors, governmental actions around the world are a continuing compliance risk for global companies such as ours. In addition, as a U.S. public company, we are exposed to the risk of securities-related class action suits, particularly following a precipitous drop in the share price of our stock. Adverse developments in major lawsuits concerning these or other matters could result in management distraction and have a material adverse effect on our financial results and business.

Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy

We rely on information technology (IT) systems to manage our business operations. A cyber breach, a failure or corruption of one or more of our key IT systems, networks, processes, associated sites, or service providers, or a failure to comply with personal data privacy laws could have a material adverse impact on our business.

As a company with complex IT systems, we have been a target of cyberattacks and other hacking activities in the past, and we expect to continue to be a target in the future. While past cyberattacks and hacking activities have not materially impacted our business or disrupted our operations, increased IT security threats and more sophisticated cybercrimes and cyberattacks, including computer viruses and other malicious codes, ransomware, unauthorized access attempts, denial-of-service attacks, phishing, the use of deepfakes to spread misinformation or for scamming purposes, social engineering, hacking, and other types of attacks, pose a risk to the security and availability of our IT systems, networks, and services, including those that are managed, hosted, provided, or used by third parties, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data and the data of our customers, partners, consumers, employees, stockholders, suppliers, and others. As a result, we may experience material disruptions or suffer material adverse effects in the future from cyberattacks or other hacking activities. Furthermore, our increasingly mobile, hybrid, and global workforce, coupled with new technology like generative artificial intelligence, further increases our exposure to cyber risk.

In the ordinary course of our business, we receive, process, transmit, and store information relating to identifiable individuals (personal data), primarily employees and former employees, beneficiaries of employees or former employees, customers, and consumers globally. As a result, we are subject to various U.S. federal and state laws and regulations relating to personal data, as well as similar laws and regulations in other countries and regions in which we operate. Such laws and regulations include the California Consumer Protection Act, the California Privacy Rights Act, data protection and AI regulations in the European Union, and other similar regulations that may change or be added to frequently.

Unauthorized access or other cyber-related interruptions to our IT infrastructure, or those of our service providers, suppliers, customers, or other direct or indirect business associates, could result in failure of our IT systems, networks, or services to function properly. This could lead to the loss or unauthorized disclosure of our business strategy or other 

24

confidential information; disruptions to our business operations; misappropriation of personal data; and reputational, competitive, or business harm. Each of these events may adversely affect our business operations or financial results, or may cause financial and reputational damage, undermine consumer confidence, subject us to government enforcement actions (including fines), or result in private litigation against us, which could result in loss of revenue, increased costs, liability for monetary damages, fines, or criminal prosecution.

Risks Related to Our Ownership and Corporate Governance Structure

The Brown family has the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted for stockholder approval.

We are a “controlled company” under New York Stock Exchange rules. Controlled companies are exempt from New York Stock Exchange listing standards that require a board composed of a majority of independent directors, a fully-independent nominating/corporate governance committee, and a fully-independent compensation committee. We may avail ourselves of the exemption from having a board composed of a majority of independent directors, and we utilize the exemption from having a fully-independent nominating/corporate governance committee. Notwithstanding the available exemption, our Compensation Committee is composed exclusively of independent directors. As a result of our use of some “controlled company” exemptions, our corporate governance practices differ from those of non-controlled companies, which are subject to all of the New York Stock Exchange corporate governance requirements.

We have two classes of common stock. Our Class A common stock is entitled to full voting powers, including in the elections of directors, while our Class B common stock may not vote except as provided by the laws of Delaware. We have had two classes of common stock since 1959, when our stockholders approved the issuance of two shares of Class B non-voting common stock to every holder of our voting common stock. Our common stock dual-class share structure is perpetual, and we do not have a sunset provision in our Restated Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws that provides for the eventual reclassification of the non-voting common stock to voting common stock. Dual-class share structures have come under the scrutiny of major indices, institutional investors, and proxy advisory firms, with some calling for the reclassification of non-voting common stock.

A majority of our voting stock is controlled by members of the Brown family, and, collectively, they have the ability to control the outcome of stockholder votes, including the election of all of our directors and the approval or rejection of any merger, change of control, or other significant corporate transactions. We believe that having a long-term-focused, committed, and engaged stockholder base can provide us with an advantage in a business with aged products and multi-generational brands. The extent of this advantage may vary over time depending on, among other things, the Brown family’s level of ownership in the Company.

We believe that operating as an independent, family-controlled business currently serves the interests of our stockholders, and we believe the Brown family stockholders share these interests. However, the Brown family’s interests may not always be aligned with other stockholders’ interests. By exercising their control, the Brown family could cause the Company to take actions that are at odds with the investment goals or interests of institutional, short-term, non-voting, or other non-controlling investors, or that have a negative effect on our stock price. Further, because the Brown family controls the majority of our voting stock, Brown-Forman might be a less attractive takeover target, which could adversely affect the market price of both our voting and our non-voting common stock. And the difference in voting rights for our common stock could also adversely and disproportionately affect the value of our Class B non-voting common stock to the extent that investors view, or any potential future purchaser of our Company views, the superior voting rights and control represented by the Class A common stock to have value.