The statements in this section describe the major risks to our
business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these statements constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995.

Our disclosure and analysis in this 2005 Annual Report on Form
10-K and in our 2005 Annual Report to Shareholders contain some forward-looking statements that set forth anticipated results based on
management’s plans and assumptions. From time to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public as
well as oral forward-looking statements. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events; they do not relate strictly to
historical or current facts. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as “anticipate,”
“estimate,” “expect,” “objective,” “goal,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,”
“believe,” “will,” “target,” “forecast,” and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future
operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, future performance, or results of current and
anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses, interest rates, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, and financial
results.

We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be
realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties, and
potentially inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate,
actual results could differ materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated, or projected. You should bear this in mind as you consider
forward-looking statements.

You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date thereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K to the SEC.

Also note that we provide the following cautionary discussion of
risks, uncertainties, and possibly inaccurate assumptions relevant to our businesses. There can be no assurances that we have correctly and completely
identified, assessed, and accounted for all factors that do or may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
These are factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical
results. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we believe to be immaterial also may adversely impact us. Should any risks or uncertainties
develop into actual events, these developments could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
liquidity. Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements are qualified by these cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that the
results or developments anticipated by us will be realized or that they will have the expected effects on our business or operations. We note these
factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or
identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or
uncertainties.

Our ability to achieve the results contemplated by
forward-looking statements is subject to a number of factors, any one, or a combination, of which could materially affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations, or liquidity. These factors may include, but are not limited to:

If the Company is unable to successfully execute
planned strategic initiatives, its recent trend of declining operating performance may continue.

While the Company’s net sales continue to grow, comparable
stores sales growth was 1.8% and 0.0% in fiscal years 2005 and 2004, respectively. Operating profit has declined each of the past two years. The
decline in operating profit is due to lower gross margin percentages, higher selling and administrative expense and higher depreciation expense. The
Company is attempting to improve operating results through the implementation of a number of initiatives in its real estate and merchandising areas
while cutting selling and administrative costs. If these initiatives are not successful, the two year trend of declining operating profit may
continue.

7

If the Company is unable to compete effectively in
the highly competitive discount retail industry, its business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

The market for discount retailers is highly competitive. As
stated in Item 1, the Company competes for customers, employees, products, and other aspects of our business with a number of other companies. Certain
of the Company’s competitors have greater financial, distribution, marketing, and other resources that may be devoted to sourcing, promoting, and
selling their merchandise. It is possible that increased competition or improved performance by our competitors may reduce our market share, gross
margin, and projected operating results, and may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations in other ways.

A decline in general economic condition, consumer
spending levels, and other conditions could lead to reduced consumer demand for the Company’s merchandise thereby materially adversely affecting
its revenues and gross margin.

The Company’s operating results can be directly impacted by
the health of the United States’ economy. The Company’s business and financial performance may be adversely impacted by current and future
economic conditions, including consumer debt levels, disposable income levels, unemployment levels, energy costs, interest rates, recession, inflation,
the impact of natural disasters and terrorist activities, and other matters that influence consumer spending. The economies of four states (Ohio,
Texas, California, and Florida) are particularly important as 37% of the Company’s stores operate in these states and 39.5% of the Company’s
net sales occur in these states.

Changes by vendors related to the management of their
inventories may reduce the quantity and quality of brand name closeout merchandise available to the Company or increase the Company’s cost to
acquire brand name closeout merchandise, either of which may materially adversely affect the Company’s revenues and gross
margin.

The products sold by the Company are sourced from a variety of
vendors. The Company cannot control the supply, design, function, or cost of many of the products that it offers for sale. The Company is dependent
upon the availability and pricing of closeout merchandise. To the extent that its vendors are better able to manage their inventory levels and reduce
the amount of their excess inventory, the amount of closeout merchandise available for sale to the Company could be reduced. If disruptions occur in
the availability of closeout merchandise, it is likely to have a material adverse effect on our sales and result in customer
dissatisfaction.

The Company relies on foreign sources for significant
amounts of merchandise; therefore, the Company’s business may be materially adversely affected by risks associated with international
trade.

Global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important
factor in driving higher profit margins. During fiscal year 2005, the Company purchased 30.6% of its products directly from overseas suppliers. Our
ability to find qualified vendors and to access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to goods
sourced outside of the U.S. Increased import duties, increased shipping costs, more restrictive quotas, loss of “most favored nation” trading
status, currency fluctuations, work stoppages, transportation delays, economic uncertainties including inflation, foreign government regulations,
political unrest, natural disasters, war, terrorism, and trade restrictions, including retaliation by the United States against foreign practices,
political instability, the financial stability of suppliers, merchandise quality issues, tariffs, and other factors relating to foreign trade are
beyond the Company’s control. These and other issues affecting our vendors could adversely affect the Company’s business and financial
performance.

The Company’s inability to properly manage its
inventory levels and offer merchandise that its customers want may materially adversely impact the Company’s business and financial
performance.

The Company must maintain sufficient inventory levels to operate
its business successfully. However, the Company must also guard against accumulating excess inventory as it seeks to minimize out-of-stock levels
across all product categories and to maintain appropriate in-stock levels. The Company obtains a significant portion of its inventory from vendors
outside of the United States. These vendors often require lengthy advance notice of our requirements in order to be able to supply products in the
quantities that we request. This usually requires the Company to order merchandise, and enter into purchase order contracts for the

8

purchase and manufacture of such merchandise, well in advance
of the time these products will be offered for sale. As a result, the Company may experience difficulty in responding to a changing retail environment,
which makes it vulnerable to changes in price and changes in consumer preferences. If the Company does not accurately anticipate future demand for a
particular product or the time it will take to obtain new inventory, the Company’s inventory levels will not be appropriate and its results of
operations may be negatively impacted.

The Company may be subject to periodic litigation and
regulatory proceedings, including Fair Labor Standards Act and state wage and hour class action lawsuits, and risks associated with changes in laws,
regulations and accounting standards that may adversely affect the Company’s business and financial performance.

From time to time, the Company may be involved in lawsuits and
regulatory actions, including various class action lawsuits that have been brought against the Company for alleged violations of the Fair Labor
Standards Act (the “FLSA”) and state wage and hour laws. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation, the Company cannot accurately
predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. The ultimate resolution of these matters could have a material adverse impact on the
Company’s financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. In addition, regardless of the outcome, these proceedings could result in
substantial cost and may require us to devote substantial resources to defend the Company. For a description of current legal proceedings, see Note 2
and Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Additionally, changes in governmental regulations and accounting
standards, including new interpretations and applications of accounting standards, may have adverse effects on the Company’s financial condition,
results of operations, and liquidity.

The creditworthiness of the Company’s former KB
Toys business may adversely affect the Company’s business and financial performance.

In December 2000, the Company sold the KB Toys business to KB
Acquisition Corporation. On January 14, 2004, KB Acquisition Corporation and certain affiliated entities (collectively, “KB Toys”) filed for
bankruptcy protection pursuant to Chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code. At the time of the bankruptcy filing, the Company had
indemnification and guarantee obligations (“KB Lease Obligations”) with respect to approximately 390 KB Toys store leases and other real
property leases. The typical KB Lease Obligation provides that the terms of the underlying lease may be extended, amended, or modified without the
consent of the guarantor. KB Toys emerged from bankruptcy during fiscal year 2005. At the date of its emergence, the Company had KB Lease Obligations
with respect to approximately 167 remaining KB Toys store leases and KB Toys’ main office building. If KB Toys fails to perform on the remaining
store leases guaranteed or indemnified by the Company, it could result in a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial condition, results
of operations, and liquidity. For additional information regarding the KB Toys bankruptcy, see Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The Company’s inability to comply with the terms
of the 2004 Credit Agreement may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s capital resources, financial condition, results of operations,
and liquidity.

The Company plans to borrow funds under the 2004 Credit Agreement
at various times during fiscal year 2006 depending on operating cash flow requirements and the timing of the execution of the $150.0 million share
repurchase authorized by the Board of Directors in February 2006. The 2004 Credit Agreement contains financial and other covenants, including, but not
limited to, limitations on indebtedness, liens, and investments, as well as the maintenance of two financial ratios — a leverage ratio and a fixed
charge coverage ratio. A violation of these covenants may permit the lenders to restrict the Company’s ability to further access loans and letters
of credit and require the immediate repayment of any outstanding loans. If the Company’s financial performance is not in compliance with these
covenants, it may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s capital resources, financial condition, results of operations, and
liquidity.

9

If the Company is unable to maintain or upgrade its
information systems and software programs or if the Company is unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner, the
Company’s operations may be disrupted or become less efficient.

The Company depends on a variety of information systems for the
efficient functioning of its business. The Company relies on certain software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so
that they can continue to support the Company’s business. The software programs supporting many of the Company’s systems were licensed to the
Company by independent software developers. Costs and potential interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and
technology or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of the Company’s
business.

If the Company is unable to retain suitable store
locations under favorable lease terms, the Company’s financial performance may be negatively affected.

The Company leases almost all of its stores, and a significant
number of these leases expire each fiscal year. The Company’s financial performance is dependent on consistently growing sales in each market. If
the Company is not able to negotiate favorable lease renewals, including the proper determination of which leases to renew, the Company’s results
of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be negatively affected.

The Company may also be subject to a number of other
factors which may individually or in the aggregate, materially affect the Company’s business. These factors include, but are not limited
to:

 •

The effect of fuel price fluctuations on the Company’s
transportation costs and customer purchases;

 •

Events or circumstances could occur which could create bad
publicity for the Company which may negatively impact various business results including sales;

 •

Infringement of the Company’s intellectual property,
including the Big Lots trademark, could dilute value from the Company;

 •

The Company’s ability to attract and retain suitable
employees;

 •

The Company’s ability to establish effective advertising,
marketing, and promotional programs; and

 •

Other risks described from time to time in the Company’s
filings with the SEC.