The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these statements constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Our disclosure and analysis in this Form 10-K and in our 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders contain some forward-looking statements that set forth anticipated results based on management’s plans and assumptions. From time to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public as well as oral forward-looking statements. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events; they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “objective,” “goal,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “will,” “target,” “forecast,” “guidance,” “outlook,” and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial
performance. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, future performance, or results of current and anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses, interest rates, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, and financial results.

We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties, and potentially inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated, or projected. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements. 

You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date thereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 

Also note that we provide the following cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions relevant to our businesses. There can be no assurances that we have correctly and completely identified, assessed, and accounted for all factors that do or may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. These are factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we believe to be immaterial also may adversely impact us. Should any risks or uncertainties develop into actual events, these developments could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements are qualified by these cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that the results or developments anticipated by
us will be realized or that they will have the expected effects on our business or operations. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties.

Our ability to achieve the results contemplated by forward-looking statements is subject to a number of factors, any one, or a combination, of which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. These factors may include, but are not limited to:

7

If we are unable to continue to successfully execute our operating strategies, our operating performance could be significantly impacted.

While our operating results improved during fiscal year 2006, our historical financial performance includes periods of poor performance. For example, operating profit declined during fiscal years 2004 and 2005. The decline in operating profit was due to lower gross margin percentages, higher selling and administrative expense, and higher depreciation expense. Additionally, the operating results of fiscal year 2005 were negatively impacted by charges associated with our “WIN” Strategy, as discussed in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We are attempting to reverse this historical operating trend through the execution of a number of strategies in our merchandising, marketing, and real estate areas while reducing selling and administrative costs. In fiscal year 2006, we were able to deliver comparable store sales growth and expand operating margins. There is a risk that we will be unable to do this in
the future, if our strategies are not successful. 

If we are unable to compete effectively in the highly competitive discount retail industry, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

The discount retail business is highly competitive. As discussed in Item 1 of this Form 10-K, we compete for customers, employees, products, and other aspects of our business with a number of other companies. Certain of our competitors have greater financial, distribution, marketing, and other resources that may be devoted to sourcing, promoting, and selling their merchandise. It is possible that increased competition or improved performance by our competitors may reduce our market share, gross margin, and projected operating results, and may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations in other ways.

A decline in general economic condition, consumer spending levels, and other conditions could lead to reduced consumer demand for our merchandise thereby materially adversely affecting our revenues and gross margin.

Our results of operations can be directly impacted by the health of the United States’ economy. Our business and financial performance may be adversely impacted by current and future economic conditions, including consumer debt levels, disposable income levels, unemployment levels, energy costs, interest rates, recession, inflation, the impact of natural disasters and terrorist activities, and other matters that influence consumer spending. The economies of four states (Ohio, Texas, California, and Florida) are particularly important as approximately 37% of our current stores operate in these states and 38.5% of our fiscal year 2006 net retail sales occurred in these states.

Changes by vendors related to the management of their inventories may reduce the quantity and quality of brand-name closeout merchandise available to us or may increase our cost to acquire brand-name closeout merchandise, either of which may materially adversely affect our revenues and gross margin. 

The products we sold are sourced from a variety of vendors. We cannot control the supply, design, function, or cost of many of the products that we offer for sale. We depend upon the availability and pricing of closeout merchandise. To the extent that our vendors are better able to manage their inventory levels and reduce the amount of their excess inventory, the amount of closeout merchandise available to us could be materially reduced. If disruptions occur in the availability of closeout merchandise, it is likely to have a material adverse effect on our sales and may result in customer dissatisfaction.

We rely on foreign sources for significant amounts of merchandise; therefore, our business may be materially adversely affected by risks associated with international trade.

Global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in driving higher profit margins. During fiscal year 2006, we purchased approximately 24% of our products directly from overseas suppliers including 19% from vendors located in China. Our ability to find qualified vendors and to access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to goods sourced outside of the United States. Increased import duties, increased shipping costs, more restrictive quotas, loss of “most favored nation” trading status, currency and exchange rate fluctuations, work stoppages, transportation delays, economic uncertainties 

8

including inflation, foreign government regulations, political unrest, natural disasters, war, terrorism, and trade restrictions, including retaliation by the United States against foreign practices, political instability, the financial stability of suppliers, merchandise quality issues, tariffs, and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other issues affecting our vendors could adversely affect our business and financial performance.

Our inability to properly manage our inventory levels and offer merchandise that our customers want may materially adversely impact our business and financial performance.

We must maintain sufficient inventory levels to operate our business successfully. However, we also must guard against accumulating excess inventory as we seek to minimize out-of-stock levels across all product categories and to maintain appropriate in-stock levels. We obtain approximately 24% of our inventory from vendors outside of the United States. These vendors often require lengthy advance notice of our requirements in order to be able to supply products in the quantities that we request. This usually requires us to order merchandise, and enter into purchase order contracts for the purchase and manufacture of such merchandise, well in advance of the time these products will be offered for sale. As a result, we may experience difficulty in responding to a changing retail environment, which makes us vulnerable to changes in price and in consumer preferences. If we do not accurately anticipate future demand for a particular product or the time it will take to
obtain new inventory, our inventory levels will not be appropriate and our results of operations may be negatively impacted.

We may be subject to periodic litigation and regulatory proceedings, including Fair Labor Standards Act and state wage and hour class action lawsuits, which may adversely affect our business and financial performance.

From time to time, we may be involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions, including various class action lawsuits that are brought against us for alleged violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act (the “FLSA”) and state wage and hour laws. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. The ultimate resolution of these matters could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. In addition, regardless of the outcome, these proceedings could result in substantial cost and may require us to devote substantial resources to defend ourselves. For a description of current legal proceedings, see Notes 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K.

We may be subject to risks associated with changes in laws, regulations, and accounting standards that may adversely affect our business and financial performance.

Changes in governmental regulations and accounting standards, including new interpretations and applications of accounting standards, may have adverse effects on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

The creditworthiness of our formerly owned KB Toys business may adversely affect our business and financial performance.

In December 2000, we sold the KB Toys business to KB Acquisition Corporation. On January 14, 2004, KB Acquisition Corporation and certain affiliated entities (collectively, “KB Toys”) filed for bankruptcy protection pursuant to Chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code. At the time of the bankruptcy filing, we had indemnification and guarantee obligations (“KB Lease Obligations”) with respect to approximately 390 KB Toys store leases and other real property leases. The typical KB Lease Obligation provides that the terms of the underlying lease may be extended, amended, or modified without the consent of the guarantor. KB Toys emerged from bankruptcy during fiscal year 2005. Since its emergence, we continue to have KB Lease Obligations with respect to approximately 84 remaining KB Toys store leases and KB Toys’ main office building. If KB Toys fails to perform on the remaining leases guaranteed or indemnified by us, it could result
in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. For additional information regarding the KB Toys bankruptcy, see Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K.

9

Our inability, if any, to comply with the terms of the 2004 Credit Agreement may have a material adverse effect on our capital resources, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

We may borrow funds under the 2004 Credit Agreement at various times during fiscal year 2007 depending on operating cash flow requirements and the timing of the execution of the $600.0 million share repurchase authorized by the Board of Directors in March 2007. The 2004 Credit Agreement contains financial and other covenants, including, but not limited to, limitations on indebtedness, liens, and investments, as well as the maintenance of two financial ratios – a leverage ratio and a fixed charge coverage ratio. A violation of these covenants may permit the lenders to restrict our ability to further access loans and letters of credit and require the immediate repayment of any outstanding loans. If our financial performance is not in compliance with these covenants, it may have a material adverse effect on our capital resources, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

If we are unable to maintain or upgrade our information systems and software programs or if we are unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner, our operations may be disrupted or become less efficient.

We depend on a variety of information systems for the efficient functioning of our business. We rely on certain software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that they can continue to support our business. The software programs supporting many of our systems were licensed to us by independent software developers. Costs and potential interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology, including the new point-of-sale system, or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our business.

If we are unable to retain suitable store locations under favorable lease terms, our financial performance may be negatively affected.

We lease almost all of our stores, and a significant number of these leases expire each fiscal year. Our financial performance is dependent upon growing sales in each store. If we are not able to negotiate favorable lease renewals, including the proper determination of which leases to renew, our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity may be negatively affected.

If we are unable to secure customer, employee, and company data our reputation could be damaged and we could be subject to penalties or lawsuits.

The protection of our customer, employee, and company data is critical to us. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements across our business. In addition, our customers have a high expectation that we will adequately protect their personal information. A significant breach of customer, employee, or company data could damage our reputation and result in lost sales, fines, and/or lawsuits.

If we lose key personnel, it might have a material adverse impact on our future results of operations.

We believe that we benefit substantially from the leadership and experience of our senior executives. The loss of services of any of these individuals could have a material adverse impact on our business. Competition for key personnel in the retail industry is intense and our future success will also depend on our ability to recruit, train, and retain other qualified personnel.

The price of our common shares as traded on the New York Stock Exchange may be volatile.

Our stock price may fluctuate substantially as a result of quarter to quarter variations in our actual or anticipated financial results or in actual or anticipated results of other companies in the retail industry or markets that we serve. In addition, the stock market has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many retail and other stocks and that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. 

10

We may also be subject to a number of other factors which may individually or in the aggregate, materially affect our business. These factors include, but are not limited to:

The effect of fuel price fluctuations on our transportation costs and customer purchases; 

Events or circumstances could occur which could create bad publicity for us which may negatively impact various business results including sales; 

Infringement of our intellectual property, including the Big Lots trademark, could dilute our value; 

Our ability to attract and retain suitable employees;  

Our ability to establish effective advertising, marketing, and promotional programs; and 

Other risks described from time to time in our filings with the SEC.