The statements in this section describe the material risks to our business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these statements constitute cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Our disclosure and analysis in this Form 10-K and in our 
2011
 Annual Report to Shareholders contain some forward-looking statements that set forth anticipated results based on management's plans and assumptions. From time to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public as well as oral forward-looking statements. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events; they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Such statements are commonly identified by using words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “objective,” “goal,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “will,” “should,” “may,” “target,” “forecast,” “guidance,” “outlook,” and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, forward-looking statements include statements relating to future actions, future performance, or results of current and anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses, interest rates, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, and financial results.

We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties, and potential inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated, or projected results set forth in the forward-looking statements. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements.

You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date thereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 

Also note that we provide the following cautionary discussion of material risks, uncertainties, and assumptions relevant to our businesses. There can be no assurances that we have correctly and completely identified, assessed, and accounted for all factors that do or may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. These are factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we presently believe to be immaterial also may adversely impact us. Should any risks or uncertainties develop into actual events, these developments could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements are qualified by these cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that the results or developments we anticipate will be realized or that they will have the expected effects on our business or operations. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties.

7

Table of Contents

Our ability to achieve the results contemplated by forward-looking statements is subject to a number of factors, any one, or a combination, of which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. These factors may include, but are not limited to:

The current economic conditions (including commodity price fluctuations, bankruptcies, and reduced access to credit) give rise to risks and uncertainties that may adversely affect our capital resources, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity including, but not limited to the following:

•

Fluctuating commodity prices, including but not limited to diesel fuel and other fuels used to generate power by utilities, may affect our gross profit and operating profit margins.

•

Our expectations regarding the demand for our merchandise may be inaccurate, which could cause us to under buy or over buy certain categories or departments of merchandise, which could result in customer dissatisfaction or require excessive markdowns to sell through the merchandise.

•

The reaction of our competitors to the marketplace, including the level of liquidations occurring at bankrupt retailers, may drive our competitors, some of whom are better capitalized than us, to offer significant discounts or promotions on their merchandise, which could negatively affect our sales and profit margins.

•

Our vendors may be negatively impacted by current economic conditions due to insufficient availability of credit to fund their operations or insufficient demand for their products, which may affect their ability to fulfill their obligations to us.

•

A downgrade in our credit rating could negatively affect our ability to access capital or could increase the borrowing rates we pay.

If we are unable to continue to successfully execute our operating strategies in our U.S. segment, our operating performance could be significantly impacted.

There is a risk that we will be unable to continue to meet or exceed our operating performance targets and goals in the future if our strategies and initiatives are unsuccessful. In 2010, we announced operating performance targets and goals as part of an updated strategic plan that we intend to use as our roadmap for the near future. That plan includes a growth phase and a continued focus on merchandising, real estate, and cost structure. Overall, for our U.S. segment, both our actual 2011 operating performance and our 2012 operating performance outlook are materially consistent with the operating performance targets outlined in the strategic plan announced in 2010 but there can be no assurance we will be able to continue to successfully execute our operating strategies. See the accompanying MD&A in this Form 10-K for additional information concerning our operating strategy. 

If we are unable to successfully implement our operating strategies in our Canadian segment, our operating performance could be significantly impacted.

During 2011, we acquired Liquidation World Inc. as an avenue for entry into the Canadian retail market, which was not specifically included in the strategic plan announced in 2010, but fell within the growth phase goals of our overall plan. The Company's intent is to implement an operating strategy in Canada similar to that of our U.S. segment. If we are unable to successfully implement this strategy in Canada, such failure could have a material adverse affect on the consolidated operating performance and the value of our goodwill and intangibles assets associated with the Canadian segment could be negatively affected. See the accompanying MD&A in this Form 10-K for additional information concerning our operating strategy. 

If we are unable to compete effectively in the highly competitive discount retail industry, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

The discount retail business is highly competitive. As discussed in Item 1 of this Form 10-K, we compete for customers, employees, products, real estate, and other aspects of our business with a number of other companies. Certain of our competitors have greater financial, distribution, marketing, and other resources than us. It is possible that increased competition or improved performance by our competitors may reduce our market share, gross margin, and operating margin, and may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations in other ways.

8

Table of Contents

Changes by vendors related to the management of their inventories may reduce the quantity and quality of brand-name closeout merchandise available to us or may increase our cost to acquire brand-name closeout merchandise, either of which may materially adversely affect our revenues and gross margin. 

The products we sell are sourced from a variety of vendors. The portion of our merchandise assortment that is pre-planned and made for us consists of imported merchandise (primarily merchandise in our furniture, seasonal, and home categories along with merchandise in certain other departments like toys) or merchandise that we can re-order upon demand. However, for the closeout component of our business, we do not control the supply, design, function, availability, or cost of many of the products that we offer for sale. Our ability to meet or exceed our operating performance targets for gross margin depends upon the sufficient availability of closeout merchandise that we can acquire and offer at prices that represent a value to our customers. In addition, we rely on our vendors to provide us with quality merchandise. To the extent that certain of our vendors are better able to manage their inventory levels and reduce the amount of their excess inventory, the amount of closeout merchandise available to us could be materially reduced. Shortages or disruptions in the availability of closeout merchandise of a quality acceptable to our customers and us would likely have a material adverse effect on our sales and gross margin and may result in customer dissatisfaction. 

We rely on vendors located in foreign countries for significant amounts of merchandise and a significant amount of our domestically-purchased merchandise is manufactured abroad. Our business may be materially adversely affected by risks associated with international trade.

Global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in driving higher gross margin. During 
2011
, we purchased approximately 26% of our products directly from overseas vendors including 23% from vendors located in China. Our ability to identify qualified vendors and to access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to goods sourced outside of North America. Global sourcing and foreign trade involve numerous factors and uncertainties beyond our control including increased shipping costs, increased import duties, more restrictive quotas, loss of "most favored nation" trading status, currency and exchange rate fluctuations, work stoppages, transportation delays, economic uncertainties such as inflation, foreign government regulations, political unrest, natural disasters, war, terrorism, trade restrictions (including retaliation by the United States against foreign practices), political instability, the financial stability of vendors, merchandise quality issues, and tariffs. These and other issues affecting our international vendors could materially adversely affect our business and financial performance.

Disruption to our distribution network, the capacity of our distribution centers, and the timely receipt of merchandise inventory could adversely affect our operating performance.

We rely on the ability to replenish depleted merchandise inventory through deliveries to our distribution centers and from the distribution centers to our stores by various means of transportation, including shipments by sea, rail and truck carriers. A decrease in the capacity of carriers and/or labor strikes or shortages in the transportation industry could negatively affect our distribution network, the timely receipt of merchandise and transportation costs. In addition, long-term disruptions to North American and international transportation infrastructure from wars, political unrest, terrorism, natural disasters and other significant events that lead to delays or interruptions of service could adversely affect our business. Also, a fire, earthquake, or other disaster at one of our distribution centers could disrupt our timely receiving, processing and shipment of merchandise to our stores which could adversely affect our business. As we continue to expand our operations, we may face increased or unexpected demands on distribution center operations, as well as unexpected demands on our distribution network. In addition, new store locations receiving shipments that are increasingly further away from our distribution centers will increase transportation costs, driven by rising fuel prices, and may create transportation scheduling strains.

Our inability to properly manage our inventory levels and offer merchandise that our customers want may materially adversely impact our business and financial performance.

We must maintain sufficient inventory levels to operate our business successfully. However, we also must seek to avoid accumulating excess inventory in order to maintain appropriate in-stock levels. As stated above, we obtain approximately one quarter of our merchandise from vendors outside of North America. These foreign vendors often require lengthy advance notice of our requirements in order to be able to supply products in the quantities that we request. This usually requires us to order merchandise and enter into purchase order contracts for the purchase and manufacture of such merchandise well in advance of the time these products are offered for sale. As a result, we may experience difficulty in responding to a changing retail environment, which makes us vulnerable to changes in price and in consumer preferences. In addition, we attempt to maximize our gross margin and operating efficiency by delivering proper quantities of merchandise to our stores in a timely manner. If we do not accurately anticipate future demand for a particular product or the time it will take to replenish inventory levels, our inventory levels may not be appropriate and our results of operations may be negatively impacted.

9

Table of Contents

Declines in general economic condition, consumer spending levels, and other conditions could lead to reduced consumer demand for our merchandise thereby materially adversely affecting our revenues and gross margin.

Our results of operations can be directly impacted by the health of the economies of the United States and Canada. Our business and financial performance may be adversely impacted by current and future economic conditions, including factors that may restrict or otherwise negatively impact consumer financing, disposable income levels, unemployment levels, energy costs, interest rates, recession, inflation, the impact of natural disasters and terrorist activities, and other matters that influence consumer spending. The economies of four states (Ohio, Texas, California, and Florida) are particularly important as approximately 33% of our current stores operate in these states and 36% of our 
2011
 net sales occurred in these states.

Changes in federal or state/provincial legislation and regulations, including the effects of legislation and regulations on product safety, could increase our cost of doing business and adversely affect our operating performance.

We are exposed to the risk that new federal or state/provincial legislation, including new product safety laws and regulations, may negatively impact our operations and adversely affect our operating performance. Additional changes in product safety legislation or regulations may lead to product recalls and the disposal or write-off of merchandise, as well as fines or penalties and reputational damage. If our merchandise, including food and consumable products, do not meet applicable governmental safety standards or our customers' expectations regarding quality or safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and be exposed to legal and reputational risk. Our inability to comply on a timely basis with regulatory requirements, or execute product recalls in a timely manner, could result in fines or penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. In addition, negative customer perceptions regarding the safety of the products we sell could cause us to lose market share to our competitors. If this occurs, it may be difficult for us to regain lost sales. 

We may be subject to periodic litigation and regulatory proceedings, including Fair Labor Standards Act and state wage and hour class action lawsuits, which may adversely affect our business and financial performance.

From time to time, we may be involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions, including various collective or class action lawsuits that are brought against us for alleged violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act and state wage and hour laws. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation, we may not be able to accurately determine the impact on us of any future adverse outcome of such proceedings. The ultimate resolution of these matters could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. In addition, regardless of the outcome, these proceedings could result in substantial cost to us and may require us to devote substantial resources to defend ourselves. For a description of certain current legal proceedings, see note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Our current insurance program may expose us to unexpected costs and negatively affect our financial performance.

Our insurance coverage reflects deductibles, self-insured retentions, limits of liability and similar provisions that we believe are prudent based on the dispersion of our operations. However, there are types of losses we may incur but against which we cannot be insured or which we believe are not economically reasonable to insure, such as losses due to acts of war, employee and certain other crime and some natural disasters. If we incur these losses and they are material, our business could suffer. Certain material events may result in sizable losses for the insurance industry and adversely impact the availability of adequate insurance coverage or result in excessive premium increases. To offset negative insurance market trends, we may elect to self-insure, accept higher deductibles or reduce the amount of coverage in response to these market changes. In addition, we self-insure a significant portion of expected losses under our workers' compensation, general liability, including automobile, and group health insurance programs. Unanticipated changes in any applicable actuarial assumptions and management estimates underlying our recorded liabilities for these losses, including expected increases in medical and indemnity costs, could result in materially different amounts of expense than expected under these programs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Although we continue to maintain property insurance for catastrophic events, we are effectively self-insured for losses up to the amount of our deductibles. If we experience a greater number of these losses than we anticipate, our financial performance could be adversely affected.

10

Table of Contents

A significant decline in our operating profit and taxable income may impair our ability to realize the value of our long-lived assets and deferred tax assets. 

We are required by accounting rules to periodically assess our property and equipment, goodwill, intangible assets, and deferred tax assets for impairment and recognize an impairment loss or valuation charge, if necessary. In performing these assessments in our U.S. segment, we use our historical financial performance to determine whether we have potential impairments or valuation concerns and as evidence to support our assumptions about future financial performance. In relation to our recently acquired Canadian segment, we use our estimate of future financial performance in performing these assessments as we do not believe pre-acquisition performance is indicative of the future performance of the segment. If our financial performance significantly declines, it could negatively affect the results of our assessments of the recoverability of our property and equipment, goodwill, intangible assets, and our deferred tax assets. There is a risk that if our future operating results significantly decline, it could impair our ability to recover the value of these assets. Impairment or valuation charges taken against property and equipment, goodwill, intangible assets, and deferred tax assets could be material and could have a material adverse impact on our capital resources, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity (see the discussion under the caption “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” in the accompanying MD&A in this Form 10-K for additional information regarding our accounting policies for long-lived assets, goodwill, and income taxes).

Our inability, if any, to comply with the terms of the 2011 Credit Agreement may have a material adverse effect on our capital resources, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 

We have the ability to borrow funds under the 2011 Credit Agreement and we utilize this ability at various times depending on operating or other cash flow requirements. The 2011 Credit Agreement contains financial and other covenants, including, but not limited to, limitations on indebtedness, liens, and investments, as well as the maintenance of two financial ratios - a leverage ratio and a fixed charge coverage ratio. A violation of these covenants may permit the lenders to restrict our ability to further access loans and letters of credit and may require the immediate repayment of any outstanding loans. If we do not comply with these covenants, it may have a material adverse effect on our capital resources, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

If we are unable to maintain or upgrade our information systems and software programs or if we are unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner, our operations may be disrupted or become less efficient.

We depend on a variety of information systems for the efficient functioning of our business. We rely on certain software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that we can continue to support our business. The software programs supporting many of our systems were licensed to us by independent software developers. Costs and potential interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology or with maintenance or adequate support of our existing systems could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our business.

If we are unable to successfully execute our SAP
®

 for Retail system implementation, our operations may be disrupted or become less efficient.

In January 2008, we announced our plans to implement SAP
®

 for Retail solutions over the next few years. New financial systems, including general ledger, accounts payable and fixed assets, were developed and tested during 2008 and 2009. The new financial systems were placed in service in the first quarter of 2010. A new core merchandising system was developed and placed in service in the first quarter of 2012. The implementation of these systems is expected to have a pervasive impact on our information systems and across a significant portion of our general office operations, including merchandising, technology, and finance. If we are unable to successfully complete the transition to SAP
®

 for Retail, it may have an adverse effect on our capital resources, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

If we are unable to retain existing and secure suitable new store locations under favorable lease terms, our financial performance may be negatively affected.

We lease almost all of our stores and a significant number of these leases expire or are up for renewal each year, as noted below in “Item 2. Properties” to this Form 10-K. Our strategy to improve our financial performance includes sales growth while managing the occupancy cost of each of our stores. A significant component of our sales growth strategy is to open new store locations. If the commercial real estate market tightens and we are not able to negotiate favorable new store leases and lease renewals, our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity may be negatively affected.

11

Table of Contents

If we are unable to attract, train and retain highly qualified associates while also controlling our labor costs, our financial performance may be negatively affected. 

Our customers expect a positive shopping experience, which is driven by a high level of customer service from our associates and a quality presentation of our merchandise. To meet the needs and expectations of our customers, we must attract, train and retain a large and growing number of highly qualified associates, as we continue to grow our operations, while at the same time control labor costs. We compete with other retail businesses for many of our associates in hourly and part-time positions. These positions have historically had high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and retention costs. In addition, our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates, the impact of legislation or regulations governing labor relations or benefits, and health insurance costs. 

If we lose key personnel, it may have a material adverse impact on our future results of operations.

We believe that we benefit substantially from the leadership and experience of our senior executives. The loss of services of any of these individuals could have a material adverse impact on our business. Competition for key personnel in the retail industry is intense and our future success will also depend on our ability to recruit, train, and retain our senior executives and other qualified personnel.

Changes in accounting guidance could significantly affect our results of operations and the presentation of those results.

Changes in accounting standards, including new interpretations and applications of accounting standards, may have adverse effects on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. The governing accounting bodies, specifically the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) and the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), have proposed numerous significant changes to current accounting standards. This proposed new guidance could significantly change the presentation of financial information and results of operations. Additionally, the new guidance may require us to make systems and other changes that could increase our operating costs. Specifically, implementing future accounting guidance related to leases and other areas impacted by the current convergence project between the FASB and IASB could require us to make significant changes to our lease management system or other accounting systems.

If we are unable to secure customer, employee, and company data, our reputation could be damaged and we could be subject to penalties or lawsuits.

The protection of our customer, employee, and company data is critical to us. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements across our business. In addition, our customers have a high expectation that we will adequately protect their personal information. A significant breach of customer, employee, or company data could damage our reputation and result in lost sales, fines, and/or lawsuits.

The price of our common shares as traded on the New York Stock Exchange may be volatile.

Our stock price may fluctuate substantially as a result of factors beyond our control, including but not limited to, general economic and stock market conditions, risks relating to our business and industry as discussed above, strategic actions by us or our competitors, variations in our quarterly operating performance, our future sales or purchases of our common shares, and investor perceptions of the investment opportunity associated with our common shares relative to other investment alternatives. 

The bankruptcy of our formerly owned KB Toys business may adversely affect our financial performance.

In December 2000, we sold the KB Toys business to KB Acquisition Corporation. On January 14, 2004, KB Acquisition Corporation and certain affiliated entities (collectively “KB-I”) filed for bankruptcy protection pursuant to Chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code. On August 30, 2005, in connection with the acquisition by an affiliate of Prentice Capital Management of majority ownership of KB-I, KB-I emerged from their January 14, 2004 bankruptcy (the KB Toys business that emerged from bankruptcy is hereinafter referred to as “KB-II”). On December 11, 2008, KB-II filed for bankruptcy protection pursuant to Chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States Code. Based on information we have received subsequent to the December 11, 2008 bankruptcy filing, we believe we still may have indemnification and guarantee obligations (“KB-II Bankruptcy Lease Obligations”) with respect to 29 KB Toys store leases and a lease for a former KB corporate office. Because of uncertainty inherent in the assumptions used to estimate this liability, our estimated liability could ultimately prove to be understated and could result in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. For additional information regarding the KB Toys bankruptcies, see note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

12

Table of Contents

We also may be subject to a number of other factors which may, individually or in the aggregate, materially or adversely affect our business. These factors include, but are not limited to:

•

Changes in governmental laws and regulations;

•

Events or circumstances could occur which could create bad publicity for us or for types of merchandise offered in our stores which may negatively impact our business results including sales;

•

Infringement of our intellectual property, including the Big Lots trademarks, could dilute our value;

•

Our ability to establish effective advertising, marketing, and promotional programs; and

•

Other risks described from time to time in our filings with the SEC.