The statements in this section describe
the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. In addition,
these statements constitute cautionary statements under the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

Our disclosure and analysis in this Form
10-K and in our 2007 Annual Report to Shareholders contain some forward-looking
statements that set forth anticipated results based on management’s plans and
assumptions. From time to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in
other materials we release to the public as well as oral forward-looking
statements. Such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future
events; they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. We have
tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as
“anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “objective,” “goal,” “project,” “intend,”
“plan,” “believe,” “will,” “should,” “may,” “target,” “forecast,” “guidance,”
“outlook,” and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future
operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements
relating to future actions, future performance, or results of current and
anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses, interest rates, the outcome of
contingencies, such as legal proceedings, and financial results.

We cannot guarantee that any
forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been
prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject
to risks, uncertainties, and potentially inaccurate assumptions. Should known or
unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions
prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and
those anticipated, estimated, or projected. You should bear this in mind as you
consider forward-looking statements.

You are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date thereof.
We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You are
advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects
in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with
the SEC.

Also note that we provide the following
cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions relevant to our
businesses. There can be no assurances that we have correctly and completely
identified, assessed, and accounted for all factors that do or may affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. These are
factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we think could cause our actual
results to differ materially from expected and historical results. Additional
risks not presently known to us or that we presently believe to be immaterial
also may adversely impact us. Should any risks or uncertainties develop into
actual events, these developments could have material adverse effects on our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements are qualified by these
cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that the results or
developments we anticipate will be realized or that they will have the expected
effects on our business or operations. We note these factors for investors as
permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should
understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors.
Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion
of all potential risks or uncertainties.

Our ability to achieve the results
contemplated by forward-looking statements is subject to a number of factors,
any one, or a combination, of which could materially affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. These factors may
include, but are not limited to:

If we are unable to continue to
successfully execute our operating strategies, our operating performance could
be significantly impacted.

Our operating results have improved in
2006 and 2007. In 2005, we initiated a strategic assessment of our operations.
As part of the initial steps implemented, we closed a significant number of
underperforming stores, executed a series of markdowns to lower in-store
inventory levels in certain classifications of merchandise,

7

and realigned
general office, field operations, and distribution centers resources to more
appropriately fit our business requirements. In 2006, we
tested and executed newly developed merchandising and marketing approaches and
focused on improving efficiencies in our purchasing and distribution practices.
In March 2007, we announced certain operating performance targets and goals for
the period 2007 through 2009 that we refer to collectively as our “Long Range
Plan” (see the accompanying Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations for additional information concerning our
operating strategy). We are attempting to continue to improve our recent
operating trends of 2006 and 2007 through the execution of a number of
strategies in our merchandising, marketing, and real estate areas. These
strategies are aimed at driving comparable store sales growth, higher inventory
turns, and higher gross margin dollars while reducing selling and administrative
costs. In 2006 and 2007, we were able to meet or exceed many of our operating
performance targets and goals. There is a risk that we will be unable to
continue to meet or exceed these operating performance targets and goals in the
future if our strategies are not successful. 

If we are unable to compete
effectively in the highly competitive discount retail industry, our business and
results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

The discount retail business is highly
competitive. As discussed in Item 1 of this Form 10-K, we compete for customers,
employees, products, real estate, and other aspects of our business with a
number of other companies. Certain of our competitors have greater financial,
distribution, marketing, and other resources that may be devoted to sourcing,
promoting, and selling their merchandise. It is possible that increased
competition or improved performance by our competitors may reduce our market
share, gross margin, operating margin, and projected operating results, and may
materially adversely affect our business and results of operations in other
ways.

A decline in general economic
condition, consumer spending levels, and other conditions could lead to reduced
consumer demand for our merchandise thereby materially adversely affecting our
revenues and gross margin.

Our results of operations can be directly
impacted by the health of the United States’ economy. Our business and financial
performance may be adversely impacted by current and future economic conditions,
including factors that may restrict or otherwise negatively impact consumer
financing, disposable income levels, unemployment levels, energy costs, interest
rates, recession, inflation, the impact of natural disasters and terrorist
activities, and other matters that influence consumer spending. The economies of
four states (Ohio, Texas, California, and Florida) are particularly important as
approximately 37% of our current stores operate in these states and 39% of our
2007 net retail sales occurred in these states.

Changes by vendors related to the
management of their inventories may reduce the quantity and quality of
brand-name closeout merchandise available to us or may increase our cost to
acquire brand-name closeout merchandise, either of which may materially
adversely affect our revenues and gross margin. 

The products we sell are sourced from a
variety of vendors. In the closeout business, we cannot control the supply,
design, function, availability, or cost of many of the products that we offer
for sale. We depend upon the sufficient availability of closeout merchandise
that we can acquire and offer at prices that represent a value to our customers,
in order to meet or exceed our operating performance targets for gross margin.
In addition, we rely on our vendors to provide us quality merchandise. To the
extent that our vendors are better able to manage their inventory levels and
reduce the amount of their excess inventory, the amount of closeout merchandise
available to us could be materially reduced. If shortages or disruptions occur
in the availability of closeout merchandise or if the quality of such
merchandise is not acceptable to our customers or us, it is likely to have a
material adverse effect on our sales and gross margin and may result in customer
dissatisfaction. 

We rely on vendors located in
foreign countries for significant amounts of merchandise. In addition, many of
our vendors have foreign manufacturing facilities. Our business may be
materially adversely affected by risks associated with international
trade.

Global sourcing of many of the products we
sell is an important factor in driving higher gross margin. During 2007, we
purchased approximately 25% of our products directly from overseas vendors
including 21% from vendors located in China. Our ability to find qualified
vendors and to access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant
challenge, especially with respect to goods sourced outside of the United
States. Increased import duties, increased shipping costs, more restrictive
quotas, loss of “most favored nation” trading

8

status, currency and exchange rate
fluctuations, work stoppages, transportation delays, economic uncertainties
including inflation, foreign government regulations, political unrest, natural
disasters, war, terrorism, and trade restrictions, including retaliation by the
United States against foreign practices, political instability, the financial
stability of vendors, merchandise quality issues, tariffs, and other factors
relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other issues
affecting our vendors could materially adversely affect our business and
financial performance.

Our inability to properly manage our
inventory levels and offer merchandise that our customers want may materially
adversely impact our business and financial performance.

We must maintain sufficient inventory
levels to operate our business successfully. However, we also must guard against
accumulating excess inventory as we seek to minimize out-of-stock levels across
all product categories and to maintain appropriate in-stock levels. As stated
above, we obtain a quarter of our merchandise from vendors outside of the United
States. These foreign vendors often require lengthy advance notice of our
requirements in order to be able to supply products in the quantities that we
request. This usually requires us to order merchandise, and enter into purchase
order contracts for the purchase and manufacture of such merchandise, well in
advance of the time these products are offered for sale. As a result, we may
experience difficulty in responding to a changing retail environment, which
makes us vulnerable to changes in price and in consumer preferences. In
addition, even though the lead time to obtain domestically-sourced merchandise
is less, we attempt to maximize our gross margin and operating efficiency by
delivering proper quantities of merchandise to our stores in a timely manner. If
we do not accurately anticipate future demand for a particular product or the
time it will take to replenish inventory levels, our inventory levels may not be
appropriate and our results of operations may be negatively impacted.

We may be subject to periodic
litigation and regulatory proceedings, including Fair Labor Standards Act and
state wage and hour class action lawsuits, which may adversely affect our
business and financial performance.

From time to time, we may be involved in
lawsuits and regulatory actions, including various collective or class action
lawsuits that are brought against us for alleged violations of the Fair Labor
Standards Act (“FLSA”) and state wage and hour laws. Due to the inherent
uncertainties of litigation, we may not be able to accurately determine the
impact on us of any future adverse outcome of such proceedings. The ultimate
resolution of these matters could have a material adverse impact on our
financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. In addition,
regardless of the outcome, these proceedings could result in substantial cost to
us and may require us to devote substantial resources to defend ourselves. For a
description of certain current legal proceedings, see note 10 to the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.

We may be subject to risks
associated with changes in laws, regulations, and accounting standards that may
adversely affect our business and financial performance.

Changes in governmental regulations and
accounting standards, including new interpretations and applications of
accounting standards, may have adverse effects on our financial condition,
results of operations, and liquidity.

The creditworthiness of our formerly
owned KB Toys business may adversely affect our business and financial
performance.

In December 2000, we sold the KB Toys
business to KB Acquisition Corporation. On January 14, 2004, KB Acquisition
Corporation and certain affiliated entities (collectively, “KB Toys”) filed for
bankruptcy protection pursuant to Chapter 11 of title 11 of the United States
Code. At the time of the bankruptcy filing, we had indemnification and guarantee
obligations (“KB Lease Obligations”) with respect to approximately 390 KB Toys
store leases and other real property leases. KB Toys emerged from bankruptcy
during 2005. We continue to have KB Lease Obligations with respect to
approximately 52 KB Toys store leases. If KB Toys fails to perform on the
remaining leases guaranteed or indemnified by us, it could result in a material
adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
For additional information regarding the KB Toys bankruptcy, see note 11 to the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.

9

Our inability, if any, to comply
with the terms of the Credit Agreement may have a material adverse effect on our
capital resources, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.

We have the ability to borrow funds under
the Credit Agreement and we utilize this ability at various times depending on
operating or other cash flow requirements. The Credit Agreement contains
financial and other covenants, including, but not limited to, limitations on
indebtedness, liens, and investments, as well as the maintenance of two
financial ratios – a leverage ratio and a fixed charge coverage ratio. A
violation of these covenants may permit the lenders to restrict our ability to
further access loans and letters of credit and may require the immediate
repayment of any outstanding loans. If our financial performance is not in
compliance with these covenants, it may have a material adverse effect on our
capital resources, financial condition, results of operations, and
liquidity.

If we are unable to maintain or
upgrade our information systems and software programs or if we are unable to
convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner, our operations
may be disrupted or become less efficient.

We depend on a variety of information
systems for the efficient functioning of our business. We rely on certain
software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so
that we can continue to support our business. The software programs supporting
many of our systems were licensed to us by independent software developers.
Costs and potential interruptions associated with the implementation of new or
upgraded systems and technology, including the new point-of-sale system, or with
maintenance or adequate support of our existing systems could disrupt or reduce
the efficiency of our business.

If we are unable to successfully
execute our SAP® for Retail system implementation, our operations may
be disrupted or become less efficient.

In January 2008, we announced our plans to
implement SAP for Retail solutions over the next few years. New financial
systems, including general ledger, accounts payable and fixed assets, are
planned for development and testing during 2008, with plans to place the new
financial systems in service in 2009. New core merchandising systems are planned
for development and testing in 2009, with plans to place the new core
merchandising system in service in 2010. The implementation of these systems is
expected to have a pervasive impact - not only on our information systems but
also across a significant portion of our general office operations, including
merchandising, technology, and finance. While we believe the implementation of
these systems will provide significant opportunity for us, it also involves
significant risk in terms of cost and our ability to successfully implement
these systems while continuing to execute our other business strategies. If we
are unable to successfully implement SAP for Retail, it may have an adverse
effect on our capital resources, financial condition, results of operations, and
liquidity.

If we are unable to retain suitable
store locations under favorable lease terms, our financial performance may be
negatively affected.

We lease almost all of our stores, and a
significant number of these leases expire or are up for renewal each year. Our
strategy to improve our financial performance includes sales growth while
managing the occupancy cost of each of our stores. If we are not able to
negotiate favorable lease renewals, including the proper determination of which
leases to renew, our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity
may be negatively affected.

If we are unable to secure customer,
employee, and company data, our reputation could be damaged and we could be
subject to penalties or lawsuits.

The protection of our customer, employee,
and company data is critical to us. The regulatory environment surrounding
information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent
imposition of new and constantly changing requirements across our business. In
addition, our customers have a high expectation that we will adequately protect
their personal information. A significant breach of customer, employee, or
company data could damage our reputation and result in lost sales, fines, and/or
lawsuits.

If we lose key personnel, it may
have a material adverse impact on our future results of
operations.

We believe that we benefit substantially
from the leadership and experience of our senior executives. The loss of
services of any of these individuals could have a material adverse impact on our
business. Competition for key personnel in the retail industry is intense and
our future success will also depend on our ability to recruit, train, and retain
our senior executives and other qualified personnel.

10

The price of our common shares as
traded on the New York Stock Exchange may be volatile.

Our stock price may fluctuate
substantially as a result of factors beyond our control, including but not
limited to, general economic and stock market conditions, risks relating to our
business and industry as discussed above, strategic actions by us or our
competitors, variations in our quarterly operating performance, our future sales
or purchases of our common shares, and investor perceptions of the investment
opportunity associated with our common shares relative to other investment
alternatives. 

We also may be subject to a number
of other factors which may individually or in the aggregate, materially or
adversely affect our business. These factors include, but are not limited
to:

 The effect of fuel price fluctuations on our
 transportation costs and customer purchases; 

Events or circumstances could occur which could
 create bad publicity for us or for types of merchandise offered in our stores
 which may negatively impact our business results including
 sales; 

Infringement of our intellectual property,
 including the Big Lots trademarks, could dilute our value; 

Our ability to attract and retain suitable
 employees; 

Our ability to establish effective advertising,
 marketing, and promotional programs; and 

Other risks described from time to time in our
 filings with the SEC.