We are
 substantially dependent on revenues from our three principal
 products.

 Our current and future revenues depend upon continued sales of
 our three principal products, AVONEX, RITUXAN and TYSABRI, which
 represented substantially all of our total revenues during 2010.
 Although we have developed and continue to develop additional
 products for commercial introduction, we may be substantially
 dependent on sales from these three products for many years. Any
 negative developments relating to any of these products, such as
 safety or efficacy issues, the introduction or greater
 acceptance of competing products, including biosimilars, or
 adverse regulatory or legislative developments may reduce our
 revenues and adversely affect our results of operations. New
 competing products for use in multiple sclerosis are beginning
 to enter the market and if they have a similar or more
 attractive profile in terms of efficacy, convenience or safety,
 future sales of AVONEX and TYSABRI could be limited, which would
 reduce our revenues.

 TYSABRI’s
 sales growth is important to our success.

 We expect that our revenue growth over the next several years
 will be dependent in part upon sales of TYSABRI. If we are not
 successful in growing sales of TYSABRI, our future business
 plans, revenue growth and results of operations may be adversely
 affected.

 TYSABRI’s sales growth cannot be certain given the
 significant restrictions on use and the significant safety
 warnings in the label, including the risk of developing
 progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML), a serious
 brain infection. The risk of developing PML increases with prior
 immunosuppressant use, which may cause patients who have
 previously received immunosuppressants or their physicians to
 refrain from using or prescribing TYSABRI. The risk of
 developing PML also increases with longer treatment duration,
 with limited experience beyond three years. This may cause
 prescribing physicians or patients to suspend treatment with
 TYSABRI. Increased incidences of PML could limit sales growth,
 prompt regulatory review, require significant changes to the
 label or result in market withdrawal. Additional regulatory
 restrictions on the use of TYSABRI or safety-related label
 changes, including enhanced risk management programs, whether as
 a result of additional cases of PML or otherwise, may
 significantly reduce expected revenues and require significant
 expense and management time to address the associated legal and
 regulatory issues. In addition, ongoing or future clinical
 trials involving TYSABRI and efforts at stratifying patients
 into groups with lower or higher risk for developing PML,
 including evaluating the potential clinical utility of a JC
 virus antibody assay, may have an adverse impact on prescribing
 behavior and reduce sales of TYSABRI.

 If we
 fail to compete effectively, our business and market position
 would suffer.

 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry is intensely
 competitive. We compete in the marketing and sale of our
 products, the development of new products and processes, the
 acquisition of rights to new products with commercial potential
 and the hiring and retention of personnel. We compete with
 biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies that have a greater
 number of products on the market and in the product pipeline,
 greater financial and other resources and other technological or
 competitive advantages. One or more of our competitors may
 benefit from significantly greater sales and marketing
 capabilities, may develop products that are accepted more widely
 than ours and may receive patent protection that dominates,
 blocks or adversely affects our product development or business.
 In addition, recently enacted healthcare reform legislation in
 the U.S. has created a pathway for the FDA to approve
 biosimilars, which could compete on price and differentiation
 with products that we now or could in the future market. The
 introduction of more efficacious, safer, cheaper, or more
 convenient alternatives to our products could reduce our
 revenues and the value of our product development efforts.

 Our
 long-term success depends upon the successful development and
 commercialization of other product candidates.

 Our long-term viability and growth will depend upon the
 successful development and commercialization of other products
 from our research and development activities, including products
 licensed from third parties. In addition, we have several
 late-stage clinical programs expected to have near-term data
 readouts that could impact our prospects for additional revenue
 growth. Product development and commercialization are very
 expensive and

 21

Table of Contents

 involve a high degree of risk. Only a small number of research
 and development programs result in the commercialization of a
 product. Success in preclinical work or early stage clinical
 trials does not ensure that later stage or larger scale clinical
 trials will be successful. Even if later stage clinical trials
 are successful, product candidates may not receive marketing
 approval if regulatory authorities disagree with our view of the
 data or require additional studies.

 Conducting clinical trials is a complex, time-consuming and
 expensive process. Our ability to complete our clinical trials
 in a timely fashion depends in large part on a number of key
 factors including protocol design, regulatory and institutional
 review board approval, the rate of patient enrollment in
 clinical trials, and compliance with extensive current good
 clinical practice requirements. We have opened clinical sites
 and are enrolling patients in a number of new countries where
 our experience is more limited, and we are in many cases using
 the services of third-party clinical trial providers. If we fail
 to adequately manage the design, execution and regulatory
 aspects of our large, complex and diverse clinical trials, our
 studies and ultimately our regulatory approvals may be delayed
 or we may fail to gain approval for our product candidates
 altogether.

 Our product pipeline includes several small molecule drug
 candidates. Our small molecule drug discovery platform is not as
 well developed as our biologics platform and we expect to rely
 on third party manufacturers to supply substantially all of our
 clinical requirements for small molecules. If these
 manufacturers fail to deliver sufficient quantities of such drug
 candidates in a timely and cost-effective manner, it could
 adversely affect our small molecule drug discovery efforts.

 Adverse
 safety events can negatively affect our business and stock
 price.

 Adverse safety events involving our marketed products may have a
 negative impact on our commercialization efforts. Later
 discovery of safety issues with our products that were not known
 at the time of their approval by the FDA or other regulatory
 agencies worldwide could cause product liability events,
 additional regulatory scrutiny and requirements for additional
 labeling, withdrawal of products from the market and the
 imposition of fines or criminal penalties. Any of these actions
 could result in, among other things, material write-offs of
 inventory and impairments of intangible assets, goodwill and
 fixed assets and material restructuring charges. In addition,
 the reporting of adverse safety events involving our products
 and public rumors about such events could cause our stock price
 to decline or experience periods of volatility.

 We
 depend, to a significant extent, on reimbursement from third
 party payors and a reduction in the extent of reimbursement
 could reduce our product sales and revenue.

 Sales of our products are dependent, in large part, on the
 availability and extent of reimbursement from government health
 administration authorities, private health insurers and other
 organizations. Changes in government regulations or private
 third-party payors’ reimbursement policies may reduce
 reimbursement for our products and adversely affect our future
 results. In addition, when a new medical product is approved,
 the availability of government and private reimbursement for
 that product is uncertain, as is the amount for which that
 product will be reimbursed. We cannot predict the availability
 or amount of reimbursement for our product candidates.

 The U.S. Congress recently enacted legislation to reform
 the health care system. This legislation imposes cost
 containment measures that have adversely affected the amount of
 reimbursement for our products. These measures include
 increasing the minimum rebates we pay to state Medicaid programs
 for our drugs covered by Medicaid programs; extending such
 rebates to drugs dispensed to Medicaid beneficiaries enrolled in
 Medicaid managed care organizations; and expanding the 340B
 Public Health Service drug discount program under which we are
 obligated to provide certain discounts on our drugs to certain
 purchasers. Additional provisions of the health care reform
 legislation, which become effective in 2011, may negatively
 affect our revenues and prospects for profitability in the
 future. Beginning in 2011, a new fee will be payable by all
 branded prescription drug manufacturers and importers. This fee
 will be calculated based upon each organization’s
 percentage share of total branded prescription drugs sales to
 qualifying U.S. government programs, including Medicare and
 Medicaid. As part of the health care reform legislation’s
 provisions closing a coverage gap that currently exists in the
 Medicare Part D prescription drug

 22

Table of Contents

 program (commonly known as the “donut hole”), we will
 also be required to provide a 50% discount on brand name
 prescription drugs sold to beneficiaries who fall within the
 donut hole.

 Economic pressure on state budgets may result in states
 increasingly seeking to achieve budget savings through
 mechanisms that limit coverage or payment for our drugs. In
 recent years, some states have considered legislation that would
 control the prices of drugs. State Medicaid programs are
 increasingly requesting manufacturers to pay supplemental
 rebates and requiring prior authorization by the state program
 for use of any drug for which supplemental rebates are not being
 paid. Managed care organizations continue to seek price
 discounts and, in some cases, to impose restrictions on the
 coverage of particular drugs. Government efforts to reduce
 Medicaid expenses may lead to increased use of managed care
 organizations by Medicaid programs. This may result in managed
 care organizations influencing prescription decisions for a
 larger segment of the population and a corresponding constraint
 on prices and reimbursement for our products. It is likely that
 federal and state legislatures and health agencies will continue
 to focus on additional health care reform in the future.

 We encounter similar regulatory and legislative issues in most
 other countries. In the European Union and some other
 international markets, the government provides health care at
 low cost to consumers and regulates pharmaceutical prices,
 patient eligibility or reimbursement levels to control costs for
 the government-sponsored health care system. Many countries are
 reducing their public expenditures and we expect to see strong
 efforts to reduce healthcare costs in our international markets,
 including patient access restrictions, suspensions on price
 increases, prospective and possibly retroactive price reductions
 and increased mandatory discounts or rebates, recoveries of past
 price increases, and greater importation of drugs from
 lower-cost countries to higher-cost countries. We expect that
 our revenues would be negatively impacted if similar measures
 are or are continued to be implemented in other countries in
 which we operate. In addition, certain countries set prices by
 reference to the prices in other countries where our products
 are marketed. Thus, our inability to secure adequate prices in a
 particular country may also impair our ability to obtain
 acceptable prices in existing and potential new markets. This
 may create the opportunity for third party cross border trade or
 influence our decision to sell or not to sell a product, thus
 affecting our geographic expansion plans.

 Adverse
 market and economic conditions may exacerbate certain risks
 affecting our business.

 Sales of our products are dependent on reimbursement from
 government health administration authorities, private health
 insurers, distribution partners and other organizations. As a
 result of adverse conditions affecting the U.S. and global
 economies and credit and financial markets, including the
 current sovereign debt crisis in certain countries in Europe,
 these organizations may be unable to satisfy their reimbursement
 obligations or may delay payment. In addition, governmental
 health authorities may reduce the extent of reimbursements, and
 private insurers may increase their scrutiny of claims. A
 reduction in the availability or extent of reimbursement could
 reduce our product sales and revenue, or result in additional
 allowances or significant bad debts, which may adversely affect
 our results of operations.

 We
 depend on collaborators and other third-parties for both product
 and royalty revenue and the clinical development of future
 products, which are outside of our full control.

 Collaborations between companies on products or programs are a
 common business practice in the biotechnology industry.
 Out-licensing typically allows a partner to collect up front
 payments and future milestone payments, share the costs of
 clinical development and risk of failure at various points, and
 access sales and marketing infrastructure and expertise in
 exchange for certain financial rights to the product or program
 going to the in-licensing partner. In addition, the obligation
 of in-licensees to pay royalties or share profits generally
 terminates upon expiration of the related patents. We have a
 number of collaborators and partners, and have both in-licensed
 and out-licensed several products and programs. These
 collaborations are subject to several risks:

 • 

 Our RITUXAN revenues are substantially dependent on the efforts
 of Genentech and the Roche Group. Their interests may not always
 be aligned with our interests and they may not market RITUXAN in
 the same manner or to the same extent that we would, which could
 adversely affect our RITUXAN revenues.

 23

Table of Contents

 • 

 Under our collaboration agreement with Genentech, the successful
 development and commercialization of GA101 and certain other
 anti-CD20 products will decrease our percentage of the
 collaboration’s co-promotion profits.

 • 

 We are not fully in control of the royalty or profit sharing
 revenues we receive from collaborators, which may be adversely
 affected by patent expirations, pricing or health care reforms,
 other legal and regulatory developments, and the introduction of
 competitive products, and new indication approvals which may
 affect the sales of collaboration products.

 • 

 Any failure on the part of our collaboration partners to comply
 with applicable laws and regulatory requirements in the sale and
 marketing of our products could have an adverse effect on our
 revenues as well as involve us in possible legal proceedings.

 • 

 Collaborations often require the parties to cooperate, and
 failure to do so effectively could have an adverse impact on
 product sales by our collaborators and partners, and could
 adversely affect the clinical development or regulatory
 approvals of products under joint control.

 In addition, we rely on third parties for several other aspects
 of our business. As a sponsor of clinical trials of our
 products, we rely on third party contract research organizations
 to carry out many of our clinical trial related activities.
 These activities include initiating the conduct of studies at
 clinical trial sites, regularly monitoring the conduct of the
 study at study sites, and identifying instances of noncompliance
 with the study protocol or current Good Clinical Practices. The
 failure of a contract research organization to conduct these
 activities with proper vigilance and competence and in
 accordance with Good Clinical Practices can result in regulatory
 authorities rejecting our clinical trial data or, in some
 circumstances, the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions
 against us.

 If we
 do not successfully execute our growth initiatives through the
 acquisition, partnering and in-licensing of products,
 technologies or companies, our future performance could be
 adversely affected.

 We anticipate growing through internal development projects as
 well as external opportunities, which include the acquisition,
 partnering and in-licensing of products, technologies and
 companies or the entry into strategic alliances and
 collaborations. The availability of high quality opportunities
 is limited and we are not certain that we will be able to
 identify candidates that we and our shareholders consider
 suitable or complete transactions on terms that are acceptable
 to us and our shareholders. In order to pursue such
 opportunities, we may require significant additional financing,
 which may not be available to us on favorable terms, if at all.
 Even if we are able to successfully identify and complete
 acquisitions, we may not be able to integrate them or take full
 advantage of them and therefore may not realize the benefits
 that we expect. If we are unsuccessful in our external growth
 program, we may not be able to grow our business significantly
 and we may incur asset impairment or restructuring charges as a
 result of unsuccessful transactions.

 If we
 fail to comply with the extensive legal and regulatory
 requirements affecting the health care industry, we could face
 increased costs, penalties and a loss of business.

 Our activities, and the activities of our collaborators and
 third party providers, are subject to extensive government
 regulation and oversight both in the U.S. and in foreign
 jurisdictions. The FDA and comparable agencies in other
 jurisdictions directly regulate many of our most critical
 business activities, including the conduct of preclinical and
 clinical studies, product manufacturing, advertising and
 promotion, product distribution, adverse event reporting and
 product risk management. Our interactions in the U.S. or
 abroad with physicians and other health care providers that
 prescribe or purchase our products are also subject to
 government regulation designed to prevent fraud and abuse in the
 sale and use of the products. In the U.S., states increasingly
 have been placing greater restrictions on the marketing
 practices of health care companies. In addition, pharmaceutical
 and biotechnology companies have been the target of lawsuits and
 investigations alleging violations of government regulation,
 including claims asserting submission of incorrect pricing
 information, impermissible off-label promotion of pharmaceutical
 products, payments intended to influence the referral of federal
 or state health care business, submission of false claims for
 government reimbursement, antitrust violations, or violations
 related to environmental matters. Violations of governmental
 regulation may be punishable by criminal and civil sanctions
 against us, including fines and civil monetary penalties and
 exclusion from participation in government programs, including

 24

Table of Contents

 Medicare and Medicaid, as well as against executives overseeing
 our business. In addition to penalties for violation of laws and
 regulations, we could be required to repay amounts we received
 from government payors, or pay additional rebates and interest
 if we are found to have miscalculated the pricing information we
 have submitted to the government. Whether or not we have
 complied with the law, an investigation into alleged unlawful
 conduct could increase our expenses, damage our reputation,
 divert management time and attention and adversely affect our
 business. Recent changes in U.S. fraud and abuse laws have
 strengthened government regulation, increased the investigative
 powers of government enforcement agencies, and enhanced
 penalties for non-compliance.

 If we
 fail to meet the stringent requirements of governmental
 regulation in the manufacture of our products, we could incur
 substantial costs and a reduction in sales.

 We and our third party providers are generally required to
 maintain compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice and
 are subject to inspections by the FDA and comparable agencies in
 other jurisdictions to confirm such compliance. In addition, the
 FDA must approve any significant changes to our suppliers or
 manufacturing methods. If we or our third party service
 providers cannot demonstrate ongoing current Good Manufacturing
 Practice compliance, we may be required to withdraw or recall
 product, interrupt commercial supply of our products, undertake
 costly remediation efforts or seek more costly manufacturing
 alternatives. Any delay, interruption or other issues that arise
 in the manufacture, fill-finish, packaging, or storage of our
 products as a result of a failure of our facilities or the
 facilities or operations of third parties to pass any regulatory
 agency inspection could significantly impair our ability to
 develop and commercialize our products. Significant
 noncompliance could also result in the imposition of monetary
 penalties or other civil or criminal sanctions. This
 non-compliance could increase our costs, cause us to lose
 revenue or market share and damage our reputation.

 Our
 investments in properties, including our manufacturing
 facilities, may not be fully realizable.

 We own or lease real estate primarily consisting of buildings
 that contain research laboratories, office space, and biologic
 manufacturing operations, some of which are located in markets
 that are experiencing high vacancy rates and decreasing property
 values. If we decide to consolidate or co-locate certain aspects
 of our business operations, for strategic or other operational
 reasons, we may dispose of one or more of our properties.

 Due to reduced expectations of product demand, improved yields
 on production and other factors, we may not fully utilize our
 manufacturing facilities at normal levels resulting in idle time
 at facilities or substantial excess manufacturing capacity. We
 regularly evaluate our current manufacturing strategy, and may
 pursue alternatives that include disposing of manufacturing
 facilities.

 If we determine that the fair value of any of our owned