This
document, our other filings with the SEC, and other materials released to the public contain “forward-looking statements,” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 concerning, among other things, our prospects, expected revenue, expenses and profits, developments and business strategies for our operations and other subjects, including conditions in the oilfield service and oil and natural
gas industries and in the United States and international economy in general. 

Our forward-looking statements are based on
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable but that may not prove to be accurate. All of our forward-looking information is, therefore, subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results
expected. Although it is not possible to identify all factors, these risks and uncertainties include the risk factors discussed below. 

Business Risks 

Our results of operations could be adversely affected if our business assumptions do not
prove to be accurate or if adverse changes occur in our business environment, including the following areas: 

•

 general global economic and business conditions, which affect demand for oil and natural gas and, in turn, our business, 

•

 our ability to manage risks related to our business and operations, 

•

 our ability to expand our products and services (including those we acquire) into new geographic markets, 

•

 our ability to compete against companies that provide more services and products than we do, including “integrated service companies”,

•

 our ability to compete against low-cost providers, particularly in the North America pressure pumping market, 

•

 our ability to grow businesses we have acquired such that our investment can be fully realized, 

•

 our ability to generate technological advances and compete on the basis of advanced technology in markets where that is required,

•

 our ability to attract and retain skilled, trained personnel to provide technical services and support for our business, 

•

 our ability to procure sufficient supplies of materials essential to our business, such as cement, proppants (including sand), certain chemicals, and
specialty metals in periods of high demand, and to reduce our commitments for such materials in periods of low demand, 

•

 competition in our business, including competition from service subsidiaries of national oil companies in some international markets,

•

 consolidation by our customers, which could result in loss of a customer, and 

•

 changes in laws or regulations, including laws relating to the environment or to the oil and gas industry in general, and other factors, many of which
are beyond our control. 

Risks related to the Worldwide Oil and Natural Gas Industry

Conditions in the oil and natural gas industry are subject to factors beyond our control. Demand for our products and
services is dependent upon the level of oil and natural gas exploration and development activity in market sectors worldwide. The level of worldwide oil and natural gas development activity is primarily influenced by the price of crude oil and
natural gas, as well as expectations about future crude oil and natural gas prices. The availability of quality drilling prospects, exploration success, relative production costs, the stage of reservoir development, and political and regulatory
environments can also affect the demand for our services. Worldwide military, political and economic events, including uncertainty or instability resulting from escalation or outbreaks of armed hostilities and acts of terrorism have contributed to
oil and natural gas price volatility and are likely to do so in the future. Prolonged periods of historically lower drilling activity could have a materially adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

14 

Table of Contents

Risks from the Economic Downturn and Lower Oil and Natural Gas Prices

Recent economic data indicate that the economic downturn in the United States and worldwide may continue for some
time. Prolonged periods of economic decline or little or no economic growth will likely decrease demand for oil and natural gas, which could result in lower prices for crude oil and natural gas and therefore lower demand and lower pricing for our
products and services. The extent of the impact of these factors on our results of operations and cash flows depends on the severity and length of the decreased demand for our services and lower pricing. Crude oil and natural gas prices have
declined significantly from their historic highs in July 2008, and if they continue, such price declines can be expected to further reduce drilling activity and demand for our services. In addition, most of our customers are involved in the energy
industry, and if a significant number of them experience a prolonged business decline or disruption as a result of economic slowdown or lower crude oil and natural gas prices, we may incur increased exposure to credit risk and bad debts. A prolonged
economic downturn could have a materially adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Risks related to Global Credit Crisis 

Changes in the global credit markets during fiscal 2009 have
significantly impacted the availability of credit and financing costs for many of our customers. Many of our customers finance their drilling and production programs through third-party lenders. The reduced availability and increased costs of
borrowing have been a factor in our customers reducing their spending on drilling programs, thereby reducing demand and contributing to lower pricing for our products and services. An adverse credit and economic environment over a period of time
could significantly impact the financial condition of some customers, leading to business disruptions and restricting their ability to pay for services performed, which could negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, some financial institutions and insurance companies have reported significant deterioration in their financial condition during
fiscal 2009. Our forward-looking statements assume that our lenders, insurers and other financial institutions will be able to fulfill their obligations under our various credit agreements, insurance policies and contracts. If any of our significant
financial institutions were unable to perform under such agreements, and if we were unable to find suitable replacements at a reasonable cost, our results of operations, liquidity and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 

Risks from Changing Competitive Conditions 

Beginning in 2006, in response to market demand, a number of new competitors began entering the North American pressure pumping market, competing with our pressure pumping services business, particularly
in fracturing services. These competitors often offered low-cost services without the advanced technology and associated support services offered by us and our larger competitors. In addition, as a result of increased market activity through
mid-2008, we and our competitors added pressure pumping equipment capacity into North America. Now that market conditions have declined, this additional capacity has contributed to the competitive environment for our services and products. The
market for our fracturing services and many of our other oilfield services and products in North America is currently extremely competitive. As long as these conditions persist, our results of operations will depend on our ability to compete
effectively in this market and adjust our operating cost structure to the level of market activity. 

In some international
markets, our larger competitors that offer more product and service lines than we do often use “bundling” of their services to compete with us. Bundling involves offering a discounted price if the customer uses more of the
competitor’s products or services. Also, some international projects require “integrated service” bids, in which bids include all work required by the customer on the particular project. In these cases, we often bid jointly with other
companies who offer services we do not provide. If the practice of bundling of services and integrated service projects become more prevalent, our business could be at a competitive disadvantage. Our ability to successfully compete for integrated
services projects will largely depend on our success in finding suitable bid partners or in adding additional product or service offerings and successfully integrating them into our international operations. 

In addition, in a few countries, the national oil companies have formed subsidiaries to provide oilfield services for them, competing with
services provided by us. To the extent this practice expands, our business could be adversely impacted. 

15 

Table of Contents

Risks from Operating Hazards 

Our operations are subject to hazards present in the oil and natural gas industry, such as fire, explosion, blowouts, oil spills, and leaks
or spills of hazardous materials. These incidents as well as accidents or problems in normal operations can cause personal injury or death and damage to property or the environment. The customer’s operations can also be interrupted. From time
to time, customers seek recovery from us for damage to their equipment or property that occurred while we were performing services. Damage to the customer’s property could be extensive if a major problem occurred. For example, operating hazards
could arise: 

•

 in the pressure pumping, completion fluids, completion tools, and casing and tubular services businesses, during work performed on oil and natural gas
wells, 

•

 in the chemical services business, as a result of use of our products in oil and natural gas wells and refineries, and 

•

 in the process and pipeline business, as a result of work performed by us at petrochemical plants and on pipelines. 

Risks from Litigation 

We have insurance coverage against some operating hazards. This insurance has deductibles or self-insured retentions and contains certain coverage exclusions. Our insurance premiums may increase or
decrease, and some forms of insurance may become unavailable altogether, based on market conditions and our claims history under our insurance policies. The insurance does not cover damages from breach of contract by us or based on alleged fraud or
deceptive trade practices. Whenever possible, we obtain agreements from customers that limit our liability. Insurance and customer agreements do not provide complete protection against losses and risks, and our results of operations could be
adversely affected by claims not covered by insurance. 

Risks from Ongoing Investigations 

The U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”), the SEC and other authorities have a broad range of civil and criminal sanctions under the
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”) and other laws, which they may seek to impose in appropriate circumstances. Recent civil and criminal settlements with a number of public corporations and individuals have included
multimillion-dollar fines, disgorgement, injunctive relief, guilty pleas, deferred prosecution agreements and other sanctions, including requirements that corporations retain a monitor to oversee compliance with the FCPA. We have voluntarily
disclosed information found in our internal investigations to the DOJ and the SEC and have engaged in discussions with these authorities in connection with our review of possible illegal payments. We cannot currently predict the outcome of our
investigations, when any of these matters will be resolved, or what, if any, actions may be taken by the DOJ, the SEC or other authorities or the effect the actions may have on our business or consolidated financial statements. For further
information regarding our investigations, see Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Risks from
International Operations 

Our international operations are subject to special risks that can materially affect our
sales and profits. These risks include: 

•

 limits on access to international markets, 

•

 unsettled political conditions, war, civil unrest and hostilities in some petroleum-producing and consuming countries and regions where we operate or
seek to operate, 

•

 declines in, or suspension of, activity by our customers in our areas of operations due to adverse local or regional economic, political and other
conditions that reduce drilling operations, 

•

 fluctuations and changes in currency exchange rates, 

•

 the impact of inflation, 

•

 the risk that our ultimate tax liability may be significantly different than expected due to different interpretations of local tax laws and tax
treaties, estimates and assumptions made regarding the scope of and timing of income earned and changes in tax laws, 

16 

Table of Contents

•

 governmental action such as expropriation of assets, and changes in general legislative and regulatory environments, currency controls, global trade
policies such as trade restrictions and embargoes imposed and international business, political and economic conditions, 

•

 terrorist attacks and threats of attacks, which have increased the political and economic instability in some of the countries in which we operate, and

•

 the risk that events or actions taken by us or others as a result of our currently ongoing investigations (see “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis – Investigations Regarding Misappropriation and Possible Illegal Payments”) adversely affect our operations and our competitive position in the affected countries. 

Risks Related to Weather 

Our performance is significantly impacted by the demand for natural gas in North America. Warmer than normal winters in North America, among other factors, may adversely impact demand for natural gas and,
therefore, demand for our services. In addition, our U.S. operations could be materially affected by severe weather in the Gulf of Mexico. Severe weather, such as hurricanes, may cause: 

•

 evacuation of personnel and curtailment of services, 

•

 damage to offshore drilling rigs, resulting in suspension of operations, and 

•

 loss of or damage to our equipment, inventory and facilities. 

If material, damage from any such adverse weather conditions could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. 

Risks from Lower Credit Rating 

If our credit rating is downgraded below investment grade, this could increase our costs of obtaining, or make it more difficult to obtain or
issue, new debt financing. If our credit rating is downgraded, we could be required to, among other things, pay additional interest under our credit agreements, or provide additional guarantees, collateral, letters of credit or cash for credit
support obligations. 

Risks from Government Regulation or Changes in Law 

A variety of regulatory developments, proposals or requirements have been introduced in the domestic and international regions in which we
operate that are focused on restricting the emission of carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gases. Among these developments are the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, also known as the “Kyoto Protocol” (an
internationally applied protocol, which has been ratified in Canada, one of our reporting segments), the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative or “RGGI” in the Northeastern United States, and the Western Regional Climate Action Initiative in
the Western United States. Also, in 2007, the U.S. Supreme Court held in Massachusetts, et al. v. EPA that greenhouse gases are an “air pollutant” under the federal Clean Air Act and thus subject to future regulation. 

On June 26, 2009, the U.S. House of Representatives approved adoption of the “American Clean Energy and Security Act of
2009,” also known as the “Waxman-Markey Cap-and-Trade legislation,” or “ACESA.” The purpose of ACESA is to control and reduce emissions of greenhouse gases in the United States. The U.S. Senate has begun work on its own
legislation for controlling and reducing emissions of greenhouse gases in the United States. For legislation to become law, both chambers of congress would be required to approve identical legislation. It is not possible at the time to predict
whether or when the Senate may act on climate change legislation, how any bill approved by the Senate would be reconciled with ACESA, or how federal legislation may be reconciled with state and regional requirements. 

Recently, the Environmental Protection Agency (the “EPA”) issued the Final Mandatory Reporting of Greenhouse Gases Rule. This rule
will be effective December 29, 2009 and will require the collection of information beginning in January 2010 with annual reporting to begin in 2011 for covered facilities. The rule requires reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from large
sources ad suppliers in the United States and the EPA has stated that it will use the information to guide development of the policies and programs to reduce emissions. 

These regulatory developments may curtail production and demand for fossil fuels such as oil and gas in areas of the world where our customers operate and thus adversely affect future demand for our
products and services, which may in turn adversely affect our future results of operations. 

17 

Table of Contents

In June 2009, legislation was introduced in the U.S. Congress that would authorize the EPA
to regulate hydraulic fracturing under the Clean Water Act. Such regulations, if enacted, could greatly reduce or eliminate demand for a substantial portion of our pressure pumping services in the United States, and we could suffer a significant
adverse impact on our future results of operations. We are unable to predict whether this proposed legislation or any other proposals will ultimately be enacted and, if so, the impact on our business. 

Other Risks 

Other risk factors could cause actual results to be different from the results we expect. The market price for our common stock, as well as other companies in the oil and natural gas industry, has been historically volatile, which could
restrict our access to capital markets in the future. Other risks and uncertainties may be detailed from time to time in our filings with the SEC. 

Many of these risks are beyond our control. In addition, future trends for pricing, margins, revenue and profitability remain difficult to predict in the industries we serve and under current market,
economic and political conditions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and except as required by applicable law, we do not assume any responsibility to update or revise any of our forward-looking statements.