Risk Factors 

 Making or continuing an investment in securities issued by us, including our common stock, involves certain
risks that you should carefully consider. The following discussion sets forth the most significant risk factors that could affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. However, other factors, besides those discussed below, or
in other of our reports filed with or furnished to the SEC, also could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We cannot assure you that the risk factors described below or elsewhere in our reports address all
potential risks that we may face. These risk factors also serve to describe factors which may cause our results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements included herein or in other documents or statements that make
reference to this Annual Report. See “Forward-looking Statements.” 

Operational and Business Risk 

We are subject to extensive government regulation and supervision, including regulation and supervision in non-U.S. jurisdictions, which may limit
our ability to pay dividends or make other capital distributions and violations of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We operate in a highly regulated environment, and are subject to a comprehensive statutory and regulatory regime as well as oversight by governmental
agencies. In light of the current conditions in the global financial markets and economy, the Obama Administration, Congress and regulators have increased their focus on the regulation of the financial services industry. New or modified regulations
and related regulatory guidance, including under Basel III (and the related NPRs) and the Dodd-Frank Act, may have unforeseen or unintended adverse effects on the financial services industry. We are also required to submit to the Federal Reserve an
annual capital plan outlining our planned capital actions for the following year. Our ability to take capital actions, including our ability to make acquisitions, declare dividends or repurchase our common stock, is subject to Federal Reserve
approval, which is dependent on our successful demonstration that such actions would not adversely affect our regulatory capital position in the event of a stressed market environment. For example, any increase in quarterly dividends not
contemplated in the annual capital plan will also require Federal Reserve approval. The Federal Reserve’s current guidance provides that, for large bank holding companies (“BHCs”) like us, common stock dividend

payout ratios exceeding 30% of after-tax net income will receive particularly close scrutiny. In addition, the implementation of certain regulations with regard to regulatory capital could
disproportionately affect our regulatory capital position relative to that of our competitors, including those who may not be subject to the same regulatory requirements, which could put further pressure on the price of our common stock. Finally, in
October 2012, U.S. regulatory agencies finalized regulations implementing stress testing requirements required under the Dodd-Frank Act, requiring us to undergo regulatory stress tests conducted by the Federal Reserve annually, and to conduct our
own internal stress tests pursuant to regulatory requirements twice annually. 

Failure to comply with laws, regulations or policies could
result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties and reputational damage, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we have policies and procedures designed
to prevent any such violations, there can be no assurance that such violations will not occur. If violations do occur, they could damage our reputation, increase our legal and compliance costs, and ultimately adversely impact our results of
operations. Laws, regulations or policies currently affecting us and our subsidiaries may change at any time. Regulatory authorities may also change their interpretation of these statutes and regulations. Therefore, our business may also be
adversely affected by future changes in laws, regulations, policies or interpretations or regulatory approaches to compliance and enforcement. See “Supervision and Regulation” in this Annual Report. 

Recent legislative and regulatory actions may have an adverse effect on our operations. 

In July 2010, President Obama signed into law the Dodd-Frank Act. This law broadly affects the financial services industry, particularly those entities
considered to be “systemically important”, such as BHCs with assets of over $50 billion, including BNY Mellon, by establishing a framework for systemic risk oversight, creating a liquidation authority, mandating higher capital and
liquidity requirements, requiring banks to pay increased fees to regulatory agencies and numerous other provisions aimed at strengthening the sound operation of the financial services sector. Further, in November 2012, the Basel Committee and the
Financial Stability Board indicated that we were provisionally assigned to the 1.5% global systemically important banks (“G-SIBs”) capital surcharge bucket, which remains subject to interpretation and implementation by

BNY
Mellon     71 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors 

(continued)

U.S. regulatory authorities. Additionally, in its proposed rules regarding systemically important financial institutions, the Federal Reserve indicated that it intends to propose, in a separate
rulemaking, a Tier 1 common equity surcharge for G-SIBs based on the Basel Committee’s proposal. 

Among numerous other provisions of
recent legislative and regulatory changes that could have an effect on BNY Mellon are: 

·

 the Basel Committee’s heightened capital and liquidity requirements, including the related U.S. notices of proposed rulemaking;

·

 the potential requirement to register as a “municipal advisor”. Depending upon the SEC’s final interpretation of the statutory
requirement, BNY Mellon and a large number of employees located throughout the country may be required to register as a municipal adviser, which would impose increased costs and burdens on, and changes to, our business and may necessitate a
re-evaluation of the affected services; 

·

 requirements designed to provide for the orderly resolution of certain large financial institutions, including requirements to submit resolution plans,
which if found to be deficient could subject BNY Mellon to more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements, restrictions on growth, activities or operations, or divestiture of assets or operations; 

·

 current proposals designed to enhance money market fund regulation, including requiring capital support or reserves, limitations on redemptions, and
requiring money market funds to price their shares at net asset value; 

·

 the Task Force on Tri-Party Repo Infrastructure Reform’s review of the risks in the tri-party repo market, and associated recommendations;

·

 the required registration of swap dealers and associated compliance duties, reporting and record-keeping with respect to swaps and clearing and
execution obligations, among other duties; and 

·

 various features of the “Volcker Rule” element of the Dodd-Frank Act, including: 

–

 establishment of a costly heightened compliance regime; 

–

 the need to liquidate investments in certain funds at an accelerated pace at unfavorable pricing; and 

–

 preclusion from launching new funds to meet customer demand, and the competitive disadvantage vis-à-vis other managers not subject to the
Volcker Rule. 

 U.S. regulatory agencies – banking, securities and commodities – are steadily publishing notices
of proposed regulations required by the Dodd-Frank Act, and new bodies created by Dodd-Frank (including the FSOC and the CFPB) are commencing operations. The related findings of various regulatory and commission studies, the interpretations issued
as part of the rulemaking process and the final regulations that are issued with respect to various elements of the new law may cause changes that impact the profitability of our business activities and require that we change certain of our business
practices and plans, including those relating to cross-selling our products and services. These changes could also expose us to additional regulatory costs and require us to invest significant management attention and resources to make any necessary
changes, all of which could impact our profitability. See “Supervision and Regulation” in this Annual Report for additional information regarding the potential impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on our business. 

Adverse publicity, regulatory actions or litigation with respect to us, other well-known companies and the financial services industry generally
could materially adversely affect our results of operations or harm our businesses or reputation. 

We are subject to reputational,
legal and regulatory risk in the ordinary course of our business. The 2008 financial crisis and current political and public sentiment regarding financial institutions have resulted in a significant amount of adverse media coverage of financial
institutions. Harm to our reputation can result from numerous sources, including adverse publicity arising from events in the financial markets, our perceived failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, the purported actions of our
employees or alleged financial reporting irregularities involving ourselves or other large and well-known companies. Additionally, a failure to deliver appropriate standards of service and quality or a failure to appropriately describe our products
and services can result in customer dissatisfaction, lost revenue, higher operating costs and litigation. Actions by the financial services industry generally or by other members of or individuals in the financial services industry can also
negatively impact our reputation. For example, public perception that some consumers may have been treated unfairly by financial institutions has damaged the reputation of the financial services industry as a whole. Should any of these or other
events or factors that can undermine our reputation occur, there is no assurance that the additional costs and expenses that

72     BNY Mellon 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors 

(continued)

we may need to incur to address the issues giving rise to the reputational harm would not adversely affect our earnings and results of operations. 

We are also the subject of inquiries, investigations, lawsuits and proceedings by counterparties, clients, other third parties and regulatory and other
governmental agencies in the United States and abroad, as well as the Department of Justice and state attorneys general. See “Legal proceedings” in Note 23 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for a
discussion of material legal and regulatory proceedings in which we are involved. Responding to such inquiries, investigations, lawsuits and proceedings, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the matter, is time-consuming and expensive and can
divert the attention of our senior management from our business. The outcome of such proceedings may be difficult to predict or estimate until late in the proceedings, which may last several years. 

Actions brought against us may result in lawsuits, enforcement actions, injunctions, settlements, damages, fines or penalties, which could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations or require changes to our business. Claims for significant monetary damages are often asserted in many of these legal actions, while claims for disgorgement, penalties
and/or other remedial sanctions may be sought in regulatory matters. Although we establish accruals for our litigation and regulatory matters in accordance with applicable accounting guidance when those matters proceed to a stage where they present
loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable, nonetheless there may be a possible exposure to loss in excess of any amounts accrued. Any or all of these risks could result in increased regulatory supervision and affect our
ability to attract and retain customers or maintain access to the capital markets. Adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny and legal proceedings can also adversely impact the morale and performance of our employees. 

Continued litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings involving our foreign exchange standing instruction program and resulting
adverse publicity could affect our reputation and negatively impact our foreign exchange business. 

Beginning in 2009, our foreign
exchange standing instruction program became the subject of litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings. See “Legal proceedings” in Note 23 of the Notes to the

Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. These litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings have generated substantial scrutiny of, and adverse publicity concerning,
our foreign exchange standing instruction program. Continued litigation involving our foreign exchange standing instruction program, and the resulting scrutiny and adverse publicity, could affect our reputation and discourage clients from doing
business with us. For example, these proceedings have resulted in the loss of Ohio public fund custody clients, which has attracted media attention and led to inquiries from other clients, investors and employees. If we continue to be subject to
these proceedings and the resulting adverse publicity relating to our foreign exchange standing instruction program, our reputation could be further affected, adversely impacting our business and results of operations. For example, pressure on
pricing may cause our foreign exchange revenue to decline. See “Foreign exchange and other trading revenue” in the MD&A – Results of Operations section of this Annual Report for more information regarding our foreign exchange
business, including business practices, results of operations and trends. 

Failure to satisfy regulatory standards, including “well
capitalized” and “well managed” status or capital adequacy guidelines more generally, could result in limitations on our activities and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Under regulatory capital adequacy guidelines and other regulatory requirements, BNY Mellon and our subsidiary banks and broker-dealers must meet
guidelines that include quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items, subject to qualitative judgments by regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. As discussed under “Supervision and
Regulation” in this Annual Report, BNY Mellon is regulated as a BHC and a financial holding company (“FHC”). Our ability to maintain our status as an FHC is dependent upon a number of factors, including our U.S. depository institution
subsidiaries qualifying on an ongoing basis as “well capitalized” and “well managed” under the banking agencies’ prompt corrective action regulations and upon BNY Mellon qualifying on an ongoing basis as “well
capitalized” and “well managed” under applicable Federal Reserve regulations. Failure by BNY Mellon or one of our U.S. bank subsidiaries to qualify as “well capitalized” and “well managed”, if unremedied over a
period of time, would cause us to lose our status as an FHC and could affect the confidence of clients in us, compromising our competitive position. Additionally,

BNY
Mellon     73 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors 

(continued)

an FHC that does not continue to meet all the requirements for FHC status could lose the ability to undertake new activities or make acquisitions that are not generally permissible for BHCs
without FHC status or to continue such activities. 

The Bank of New York Mellon is required to maintain a leverage ratio of at least 5% in
order to maintain its “well capitalized” status, and BNY Mellon manages its leverage ratio to a similar level. The leverage ratio measures the ratio of Basel I Tier 1 capital to quarterly average consolidated total assets, as defined under
Basel I regulatory guidelines. During periods of market uncertainty, our balance sheet size may increase considerably when custody customers choose to hold cash balances in our bank subsidiaries in a “flight to safety.” Such inflows of
cash deposits increase The Bank of New York Mellon’s quarterly average consolidated total assets and, absent remedial actions, could adversely impact its leverage ratio. 

Our bank subsidiaries are also subject to capital requirements, administered by the Federal Reserve in the case of The Bank of New York Mellon and by the OCC in the case of our national bank subsidiaries,
BNY Mellon, N.A. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, National Association. Failure by one of our bank subsidiaries to maintain its status as “well capitalized” could lead to, among other things, higher FDIC assessments. A
further failure by BNY Mellon or one of our U.S. bank subsidiaries to maintain its status as “adequately capitalized” would lead to regulatory sanctions and limitations and could lead the federal banking agencies to take “prompt
corrective action.” 

If our company, our subsidiary banks or broker-dealers failed to meet these minimum capital guidelines and other
regulatory requirements, we may not be able to deploy capital in the operation of our business or distribute capital to stockholders, which may adversely affect our business. The capital requirements applicable to us as well as to our subsidiary
banks are in the process of being substantially revised, in connection with Basel III and the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act and BNY Mellon, and our subsidiary banks will be required to satisfy additional, more stringent, capital adequacy
standards. We cannot fully predict the final form, or the effects, of these regulations. See “Supervision and Regulation” and the “Liquidity and dividends” and “Capital – Capital adequacy” sections in the MD&A
– Results of Operations section in this Annual Report. 

 Our business may be materially adversely affected by operational risk. 

We are exposed to operational risk as a result of conducting various fee-based services including certain securities servicing, global payment services,
private banking and asset management services. Examples of operational risk include: the risk of loss resulting from errors related to transaction processing, breaches of the internal control system and compliance requirements, fraud by employees or
persons outside BNY Mellon, business interruption due to system failures, natural disasters or other events, or other risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. Operational risk
may also include breaches of our technology and information systems resulting from unauthorized access to confidential information or from internal or external threats, such as cyber attacks. Operational risk also includes potential legal or
regulatory actions that could arise as a result of non-compliance with applicable laws, regulatory requirements or contracts which could have an adverse effect on our reputation. 

An important aspect of managing our operational risk is creating a risk culture in which all employees fully understand that there is risk in every aspect of our business and the importance of managing
risk as it relates to their job functions. We continue to enhance our risk management program to support our risk culture, ensuring that it is sustainable and appropriate to our role as a major financial institution. Nonetheless, if we fail to
create the appropriate environment that sensitizes all of our employees to managing risk, our business could be adversely impacted. We regularly assess and monitor operational risk in our business and provide for disaster and business recovery
planning, including geographical diversification of our facilities. However, the occurrence of various events, including unforeseeable and unpreventable events such as systems failures or natural disasters, could damage our physical facilities or
our computer systems or software, cause delay or disruptions to operational functions, impair our clients, vendors and counterparties and ultimately negatively impact our results of operations due to potentially higher expenses and lower revenues.
For a discussion of operational risk see “Risk management – Operational/business risk” and “Business Continuity” in the MD&A – Results of Operations section in this Annual Report.

74     BNY Mellon 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors 

(continued)

 A failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Management regularly reviews and updates our internal controls, disclosure
controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the
objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or are otherwise required to restate our financial statements, we could be required to implement expensive and time-consuming remedial measures
and could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports. 

If our information systems experience a
disruption or breach in security that results in a loss of confidential client information or impacts our ability to provide services to our clients, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

We rely on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Our businesses that rely heavily on technology, such as our Investment
Services and clearing businesses, are particularly vulnerable to security breaches and technology disruptions. While our information systems have been subjected to cyber threats, including hacker attacks, viruses, denial of service efforts and
unauthorized access attempts, we deploy a broad range of sophisticated defenses and we have avoided a material breach. The security of our computer systems, software and networks, and those functions that we may outsource, may continue to be
subjected to cyber threats that could result in failures or disruptions in our business. Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and information, it is possible that we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective
preventive measures against all cyber threats, especially because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including outside third parties
such as persons who are involved with organized crime or associated with external service providers or who may be linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign

governments. Those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that
of our customers or clients. 

Breaches of security may occur through intentional or unintentional acts by those having authorized or
unauthorized access to our systems or our clients’ or counterparties’ confidential information, including employees and customers, as well as hackers. A breach of security that results in the loss of confidential client information may
require us to reconstruct lost data or reimburse clients for data and credit monitoring efforts, may result in loss of customer business, would be costly and time-consuming, and may negatively impact our results of operations and reputation.
Additionally, security breaches or disruptions of our information systems, or those of our service providers, could impact our ability to provide services to our clients, which could expose us to liability for damages, result in the loss of customer
business, damage our reputation, subject us to regulatory scrutiny or expose us to civil litigation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the failure to upgrade or
maintain our computer systems, software and networks, as necessary, could also make us susceptible to breaches and unauthorized access and misuse. There can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur
or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. We may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify, investigate or remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures arising from information systems security risks.
Furthermore, even if not directed at us specifically, attacks on other large financial institutions could disrupt the overall functioning of the financial system to the detriment of other financial institutions, including us. 

As a result of the importance of communications and information systems to our business, we could also be adversely affected if attacks affecting the
third party providers of our communications services impair our ability to process transactions and communicate with customers and counterparties. For a discussion of operational risk, see “Risk management – Operational/business risk”
and “Business Continuity” in the MD&A – Results of Operations section in this Annual Report. 

BNY
Mellon     75 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors 

(continued)

 We depend on our technology; if we fail to update our technology our business may be adversely
affected. 

We are dependent on technology because many of our products and services involve processing large volumes of data. Our
technology platforms must therefore provide global capabilities and scale. Rapid technological changes require significant and ongoing investments in technology to develop competitive new products and services or adopt new technologies.
Technological advances which result in lower transaction costs may adversely impact our revenues. In addition, unsuccessful implementation of technological upgrades and new products may adversely impact our ability to service and retain customers.

Developments in the securities processing industry, including shortened settlement cycles and straight-through-processing, will necessitate
ongoing changes to our business and operations and will likely require additional investment in technology. Our financial performance depends in part on our ability to develop and market new and innovative services, to adopt or develop new
technologies that differentiate our products or provide cost efficiencies and to deliver these products and services to the market in a timely manner at a competitive price. 

Rapid technological change in the financial services industry, together with competitive pressures, require us to make significant and ongoing investments. We cannot provide any assurance that our
technology spending will achieve gains in competitiveness or profitability, and the costs we incur in product development could be substantial. Accordingly, we could incur substantial development costs without achieving corresponding gains in
profitability. 

Furthermore, if a third party were to assert a claim of infringement or misappropriation of its proprietary rights, obtained
through patents or otherwise, against us with respect to one or more of our products, systems, or methods of doing business or conducting our operations, we could be required to spend significant amounts to defend such claims, develop alternative
methods of operations, pay substantial money damages or obtain a license from the third party. 

Change or uncertainty in monetary, tax
and other governmental policies may impact our profitability and ability to compete. 

The monetary, tax and other policies of the
government and its agencies, including the Federal

Reserve, have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance. The Federal Reserve regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States and its policies
determine in large part our cost of funds for lending, investing and capital raising activities and the return we earn on those loans and investments, both of which affect our net interest margin. The actions of the Federal Reserve also can
materially affect the value of financial instruments we hold, and its policies also can affect our borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans. The Federal Reserve has been engaging in quantitative economic
easing since 2008. In late 2012, the Federal Reserve announced “QE3” and “QE4” programs to buy mortgaged backed securities and long-term U.S. Treasury securities until such time as certain criteria relating to unemployment and
inflation are met. These policies have resulted in some reduction in nominal yield and accelerated run-off on certain interest-earning assets. To the extent that we are not able to manage our reinvestment risk relating to the impact of these
monetary policies, our net interest revenue could be adversely affected. 

Our business and earnings may also be adversely affected by the
monetary, tax and other governmental policies that are adopted by various U.S. regulatory authorities, non-U.S. governments and international agencies. Changes in monetary, tax and other governmental policies could impose additional compliance,
legal, review and response costs that may impact our profitability and may allow additional competition, facilitate consolidation of competitors, or attract new competitors into our businesses. Changes in monetary, tax and other governmental
policies are beyond our control and difficult to predict and we cannot determine the ultimate effect that any such changes would have upon our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We are subject to intense competition in all aspects of our business, which could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our
profitability. 

Many businesses in which we operate are intensely competitive around the world. Competitors include other banks,
trading firms, broker dealers, investment banks, asset managers, insurance companies and a variety of other financial services and advisory companies whose products and services span the local, national and global markets in which we conduct
operations. In addition, technological advances and the growth of internet-based commerce have made it possible for other types of institutions,

76     BNY Mellon 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors 

(continued)

such as outsourcing companies and data processing companies, to offer a variety of products and services competitive with certain areas of our business. Increased competition in any one or all of
these areas may require us to make additional capital investments in our businesses in order to remain competitive. 

Furthermore, pricing
pressures, as a result of the ability of competitors to offer comparable or improved products or services at a lower price and customer pricing reviews, particularly in our asset servicing businesses, may result in a reduction in the price we can
charge for our products and services, which could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our profitability. 

Recently enacted
and proposed legislation and regulation may impact our ability to conduct certain of our businesses in a cost-effective manner or at all, including legislation relating to restrictions on the types of activities in which financial institutions are
permitted to engage, such as seed capital investing. See “Supervision and Regulation” in this Annual Report. This legislation and other regulations may not apply to all of our competitors, which could adversely impact our ability to
compete effectively. A decline in our competitive position could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our profitability. 

New lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risks, and the failure to grow our existing businesses could affect
our results of operations. 

From time to time, we may implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within
existing lines of business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts. We invest significant time and resources in developing and marketing new lines of business, products and services. Initial timetables for the
introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not be met or prove feasible. Our revenues and costs may fluctuate because generally new businesses
require start-up expenses but take time for revenues to develop. As a result of the uncertainties associated with the entry into new businesses, our business may be adversely impacted. 

In addition, our internal strategies and forecasts may assume a growing client base and increasing client usage of our services across business lines. A decline in the pace at which we attract new clients
and a 

decline in the pace at which existing and new clients use additional services and assign additional assets to us for management or custody could adversely affect our future results of operations.
A decline in the rate at which our clients outsource functions could also adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our business may
be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain employees. 

Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract
new employees, retain and motivate our existing employees, and continue to compensate our employees competitively amid intense public and regulatory scrutiny of the compensation practices of large financial institutions. Competition for the best
employees in most activities in which we engage can be intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to recruit and retain key personnel. Factors that affect our ability to attract and retain key employees include
our compensation and benefits programs, our profitability and our reputation for rewarding and promoting qualified employees. Our ability to attract and retain key executives and other employees may be hindered as a result of regulations applicable
to incentive compensation and other aspects of our compensation programs promulgated by the Federal Reserve and other regulators in the United States and worldwide, regulations on incentive compensation to be promulgated by various U.S. regulators
pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act and other existing and potential regulations. These regulations, which include and are expected to include mandatory deferral and clawback requirements, do not and will not apply to some of our competitors and to other
institutions with which we compete for talent. Our ability to recruit and retain key talent may be adversely affected by these regulations. In addition, aspects of our compensation programs are performance-based. If we do not achieve applicable
performance thresholds for a relevant period, employee compensation may be adversely affected. 

We are subject to political, economic,
legal, operational and other risks that are inherent in operating globally and which may adversely affect our business. 

In conducting
our business and maintaining and supporting our global operations, we are subject to risks of loss from the outbreak of hostilities and various unfavorable political, economic, legal or other developments, including social or political instability,
changes in governmental policies or policies of central 

BNY
Mellon     77 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors 

(continued)

banks, expropriation, nationalization, confiscation of assets, price controls, capital controls, exchange controls, and changes in laws and regulations. Our international businesses are regulated
in the jurisdictions in which they are located or operate. These regulations may apply heightened scrutiny to non-domestic companies, which can reduce our flexibility as to intercompany transactions, investments and other aspects of business
operations and adversely affect our liquidity, profitability and regulatory capital. The failure to properly mitigate such risks, or of its operating infrastructure to support such international activities could result in operational failures and
regulatory fines or sanctions, which could cause our earnings or stock price to decline. Further, our businesses and operations from time to time enter into new regions throughout the world, including emerging markets. Various emerging market
countries have experienced severe economic and financial disruptions, including significant devaluations of their currencies, defaults or threatened defaults on sovereign debt, capital and currency exchange controls, and low or negative growth rates
in their economies. Crime, corruption, war or military actions, and a lack of an established legal and regulatory framework are additional challenges in certain emerging markets. Revenue from international operations and trading in non-U.S.
securities and other obligations may be subject to negative fluctuations as a result of the above considerations. The possible effects of any of these conditions may adversely affect our business and increase volatility in global financial markets
generally. 

Acts of terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics and global conflicts may have a negative impact on our business and
operations. 

Acts of terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics, global conflicts or other similar catastrophic events could have a
negative impact on our business and operations. While we have in place business continuity and disaster recovery plans, such events could still damage our facilities, disrupt or delay the normal operations of our business (including communications
and technology), result in harm or cause travel limitations on our employees, and have a similar impact on our clients, suppliers and counterparties. These events could also negatively impact the purchase of our products and services to the extent
that those acts or conflicts result in reduced capital markets activity, lower asset price levels, or disruptions in general economic activity in the United States or abroad, or in financial market settlement functions. For example, in October 2012
several of

our facilities in the northeastern U.S. were impacted by Superstorm Sandy and the New York Stock Exchange was closed for two trading days. While our business continuity plans functioned well and
we did not experience a material financial impact from the storm, nonetheless the recovery required significant resources and we experienced some lost revenue opportunities. War, terror attacks, political unrest, global conflicts, the national and
global efforts to combat terrorism and other potential military activities and outbreaks of hostilities may negatively impact economic growth, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operations, and may have other adverse effects on
us in ways that we are unable to predict. 

Our failure to successfully integrate strategic acquisitions could have an adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

From time to time, to achieve our strategic objectives, we have acquired
or invested in other companies or businesses, and may do so in the future. Each acquisition poses integration challenges, including successfully retaining and assimilating clients and key employees, capitalizing on certain revenue synergies,
integrating the acquired company’s accounting management information, internal controls and other administrative systems and technology. We may be required to spend a significant amount of time and resources to integrate these acquisitions and
the anticipated benefits may take longer to achieve than projected. Additionally, for a period of time after an acquisition we may be required to use the seller’s technology systems until we are able to convert the acquired business to our own
technology systems. In the event that such technology conversion takes longer than anticipated, we may incur significant costs for the continued usage of the seller’s technology. Moreover, to the extent we enter into an agreement to buy or sell
an entity, there can be no guarantee that the transaction will close when anticipated, or at all. In particular, in certain instances we must seek regulatory approvals before we can acquire another organization, which can delay or disrupt such
acquisitions. If we fail to successfully integrate strategic acquisitions on a timely basis or in a cost-effective manner, we may not meet our expectations regarding the profitability of such acquisitions, which could have an adverse impact on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

78     BNY Mellon 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors 

(continued)

 Market Risk 

The ongoing Eurozone crisis, the failure or instability of any of our significant counterparties in Europe, or a breakup of the European Monetary Union could have a material adverse effect on our
business and results of operations. 

The financial markets remain concerned about the ability of certain European countries,
particularly Greece, Ireland and Portugal, but also others such as Spain and Italy, to finance their deficits and service growing debt burdens amidst difficult economic conditions. This loss of confidence has led to rescue measures for Greece,
Ireland and Portugal by Eurozone countries and the International Monetary Fund as well as the newly established European Stability Mechanism and the European Central Bank’s Outright Monetary Transactions program to stabilize Eurozone
governments. Despite these efforts, yields on government bonds of certain Eurozone countries, including Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Spain, have remained volatile. The actions required to be taken by those countries as a condition to rescue
packages, and by other countries to mitigate similar developments in their economies, have resulted in increased political discord within and among Eurozone countries. We are primarily exposed to disruptions in European markets in three principal
areas – on our balance sheet, in certain interest bearing deposits with banks, loans, trading assets and investment securities, as well as our Investment Management and Investment Services fee revenue. Additionally, continued disruptions in
Europe could lead to increased client deposits and a larger balance sheet, which could adversely impact our leverage ratio. For additional information regarding our exposure, please see “International Operations – Exposure in Ireland,
Italy, Spain, Portugal and Greece” in the MD&A – Results of Operations section in this Annual Report. 

The partial or full
break-up of the European Monetary Union would be unprecedented and its impact highly uncertain. The exit of one or more countries from the European Monetary Union or the dissolution of the European Monetary Union could lead to redenomination of
certain obligations of obligors in exiting countries. Any such exit and redenomination would cause significant uncertainty with respect to outstanding obligations of counterparties and debtors in any exiting country, whether sovereign or otherwise,
and lead to complex and lengthy disputes and litigation. The resulting uncertainty and market stress could also cause, among other things, severe

disruption to equity markets, significant increases in bond yields generally, potential failure or default of financial institutions, including those of systemic importance, a significant
decrease in global liquidity, a freeze-up of global credit markets and a potential worldwide recession. 

The interdependencies among European
economies and financial institutions have contributed to concerns regarding the stability of European financial markets generally and certain institutions in particular. Financial services institutions are interdependent as a result of trading,
clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We routinely execute transactions with European counterparties, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. As a result,
defaults or non-performance by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more European financial institutions, or the financial markets generally, have in the past led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses by us or by other
institutions in the future. Given the scope of our European operations, clients and counterparties, persistent disruptions in the European financial markets, the attempt of a country to abandon the Euro, the failure of a significant European
financial institution, even if not an immediate counterparty to us, or persistent weakness in the Euro could have a material adverse impact on our business or results of operations. 

Continuing uncertainty in financial markets and weakness in the economy generally may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our results of operations may be materially affected by conditions in the domestic and global financial markets and the economy generally, both in the
United States and elsewhere around the world. A variety of factors raise concern over the course and strength of the economic recovery, including depressed home prices and continuing foreclosures, volatile equity market values, high unemployment,
governmental budget deficits (including, in the United States, at the federal, state and municipal level), contagion risk from possible default by other countries on sovereign debt, declining business and consumer confidence and the risk of
increased inflation. The resulting economic pressure on consumers and lack of confidence in the financial markets may adversely affect certain portions of our business, financial condition and results of operations. A worsening of these conditions
would likely 

BNY
Mellon     79 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors 

(continued)

exacerbate the adverse effects of these difficult market conditions on us and others in the financial services industry. In particular, we face the following risks in connection with these
events, some of which are discussed at greater length in separate risk factors: 

·

 The fees earned by our Investment Management business – that is, Asset Management and Wealth Management – are higher as assets under
management increase. Those fees are also impacted by the composition of the assets under management, with higher fees for some asset categories as compared to others. Uncertain and volatile capital markets could result in reductions in assets under
management because of investors’ decisions to withdraw assets or from simple declines in the value of assets under management as markets decline. Uncertain and volatile financial markets may also result in changes in customer allocations of
funds among money market, equity, fixed income or other investment alternatives. Those changes in allocation may be from higher fee investments to lower fee investments. For example, at Dec. 31, 2012, using the S&P 500 Index as a proxy for the
global equity markets, we estimate that a 100-point change in the value of the S&P 500 Index spread evenly throughout the year, would impact fee revenue by less than 1% and diluted earnings per common share by $0.03 to $0.05.

·

 Continuing run-off of structured debt securitizations could reduce our total annual revenue if the structured debt markets do not recover.

·

 Uncertain and volatile capital markets, particularly declines, could reduce the value of our investments in equity and debt securities, including
pension and other post-retirement plan assets. 

·

 Our ability to continue to operate certain commingled investment funds at a net asset value of $1.00 per unit and to allow unrestricted cash
redemptions by investors in those commingled funds (or by investors in other funds managed by us which are invested in those commingled investment funds) may be adversely affected by depressed mark-to-market prices of the underlying portfolio
securities held by such funds, or by material defaults on such securities or by the level of liquidity that could be achieved from the portfolio securities in such funds; and we may be faced with claims from investors and exposed to financial loss
as a result of our operation of such funds.

·

 Low interest rates may result in the voluntarily waiving of fees on certain money market mutual funds and related distribution fees by us and others in
order to prevent clients’ yields on such funds from becoming uneconomic, which could have an adverse impact on our revenue and results of operations. 

·

 The process we use to estimate our projected credit losses and to ascertain the fair value of securities held by us is subject to uncertainty in that
it requires use of statistical models and difficult, subjective and complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and how these conditions might impair the ability of our borrowers and others to meet their obligations. In uncertain
and volatile capital markets, our ability to estimate our projected credit losses may be impaired, which could adversely affect our overall profitability and results of operations. 

Low or volatile interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 

Our net interest revenue and cash flows are sensitive to interest rate changes and changes in valuations in the debt or equity markets over which we have
no control. Our net interest revenue is the difference between the interest income earned on our interest-earning assets, such as the loans we make and the securities we hold in our investment portfolio, and the interest expense incurred on our
interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowed money. We also earn net interest revenue on interest-free funds we hold. 

The
global market crisis has triggered a series of cuts in interest rates. During the last three fiscal years, the Federal Open Market Committee has kept the target federal funds rate between 0% and 0.25%. In late 2012, the Federal Reserve announced
“QE3” and “QE4” programs to buy mortgaged backed securities and long-term U.S. Treasury securities. The Federal Reserve indicated that it would keep these measures in place and that it anticipated keeping the target federal funds
rate between 0% and 0.25% until such time as certain criteria relating to unemployment and inflation are met. In July 2012, the Governing Council of the European Central Bank lowered the deposit facility rate to 0%. The low interest rate environment
has compressed our net interest spread and reduced our spread-based revenues. It has also resulted in the voluntary waiving of fees on certain money market mutual funds and related distribution fees by us and others in order to prevent the yields on
such funds 

80     BNY Mellon 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors 

(continued)

from becoming uneconomic, which has an adverse impact on our revenue and results of operations. 

Changes in interest rates could affect the interest earned on assets differently than interest paid on liabilities. A rising interest rate environment may result in our earning a larger net interest
spread. Conversely, a falling interest rate environment may result in our earning a smaller net interest spread. If we are unable to effectively manage our interest rate risk, it could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. Further
rapid increases in interest rates could also trigger one or more of the following additional effects, which could impact our business, results of operations and financial condition: 

·

 changes in net interest revenue depending on our balance sheet position at the time of change. See discussion under “Asset/liability
management” in the MD&A – Results of Operations section in this Annual Report; 

·

 an increased number of delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults and more nonperforming assets and net charge-offs as a result of abrupt increases in
interest rates; 

·

 a decline in the value of our fixed-income investment portfolio as a result of increasing interest rates; and 

·

 increased borrowing costs. 

A more detailed discussion of the interest rate and market risks we face is contained in the “Risk management” section in the MD&A –
Results of Operations in this Annual Report. 

Continued market volatility may adversely impact our business, financial condition and
results of operations and our ability to manage risk. 

The capital and credit markets continue to experience volatility and
disruption. Under these conditions, our hedging and other risk management strategies may not be as effective at mitigating trading losses as they would be under less volatile market conditions. Further market volatility could produce downward
pressure on our stock price and credit availability without regard to our underlying financial strength. The broad decline in stock prices throughout the financial services industry since 2008, which has affected our common stock, could require us
to perform further goodwill impairment testing. While a substantial goodwill impairment charge would not have a significant impact on our financial condition, it would have an adverse impact on our results of operations. For a discussion of
goodwill, see “Critical

accounting estimates – Goodwill and other intangibles” in the MD&A – Results of Operations section in this Annual Report. In addition, severe market events have historically
been difficult to predict and we could realize significant losses if unprecedented extreme market events were to reoccur. If markets experience further upheavals, there can be no assurance that we will not experience an adverse effect, which may be
material, on our ability to manage risk and on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For a discussion of our management of market risk, see “Risk management-Market risk” in the MD&A – Results of Operations
section in this Annual Report. 

We may experience further write-downs of financial instruments that we own and other losses related to
volatile and illiquid market conditions, reducing our earnings. 

We maintain an investment securities portfolio of various holdings,
types and maturities. These securities are primarily classified as available-for-sale and, consequently, are recorded on our balance sheet at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive
income, net of tax. Our portfolio includes U.S. Agency RMBS, U.S. Treasury and agency securities, sovereign and sovereign-guaranteed debt, non-agency U.S. and non-U.S. residential mortgage-backed securities, European floating rate notes, commercial
mortgage-backed securities, municipal securities, foreign covered bonds, corporate bonds, collateralized loan obligations, consumer asset backed securities and other securities, the values of which are subject to market price volatility to the
extent unhedged. This volatility affects the amount of our capital. In addition, if such investments suffer credit losses, as we experienced with some of our investments in 2009, we may recognize in earnings the credit losses as an
other-than-temporary impairment which could impact our revenue in the quarter in which we recognize the losses. For example, net securities losses totaled $4.8 billion in the third quarter of 2009, primarily as a result of a charge related to
restructuring the investment securities portfolio, which resulted in negative earnings per share that quarter. The losses in 2009 reflected both credit- and non-credit-related losses on our investment securities portfolio. We could experience losses
related to our investment securities portfolio in the future, which could ultimately adversely affect our results of operations and capital levels. For information regarding our investment securities portfolio, refer to “Consolidated balance
sheet review – Investment securities” and for 

BNY
Mellon     81 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors 

(continued)

information regarding the sensitivity of and risks associated with the market value of portfolio investments and interest rates, refer to the “Risk management – Market risk”
sections both of which are in the MD&A – Results of Operations section in this Annual Report and Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 

We are dependent on fee-based business for a substantial majority of our revenue and our fee-based revenues could be adversely affected by a slowing in capital market activity, weak financial
markets or negative trends in savings rates or in individual investment preferences. 

Our principal operational focus is on fee-based
business, which is distinct from commercial banking institutions that earn most of their revenues from loans and other traditional interest-generating products and services. Our fee-based businesses include investment management, custody, corporate
trust, depositary receipts, clearing, collateral management and treasury services. 

Fees for many of our products and services are based on
the volume of transactions processed, the market value of assets managed and administered, securities lending volume and spreads, and fees for other services rendered. Corporate actions, cross-border investing, global mergers and acquisitions
activity, new debt and equity issuances, and secondary trading volumes all affect the level of our revenues. If the volumes of these activities decrease, our revenues will also decrease, which would negatively impact our results of operations.

Asset-based fees are typically determined on a sliding scale so that, as the value of a client portfolio grows, we receive a smaller
percentage of the increasing value as fee income. This is particularly important to our asset management, global funds services and global custody businesses. In addition, weak financial markets could result in reduced market values in some of the
assets that we manage and administer and result in a corresponding decrease in the amount of fees we receive and therefore would have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Similarly, significant declines in the volume of capital markets
activity would reduce the number of transactions we process and the amount of securities lending we do and therefore would also have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

 Our business generally benefits when individuals invest their savings in mutual funds and other collective
funds, in defined benefit plans, unit investment trusts or exchange traded funds. If there is a decline in the savings rates of individuals, or if there is a change in investment preferences that leads to less investment in mutual funds, other
collective funds, defined benefit plans or defined contribution plans, our revenues could be adversely affected. 

Our foreign exchange
revenues may continue to be adversely affected by a stable exchange-rate environment or decreased cross-border investing activity. 

The degree of volatility in foreign exchange rates can affect the amount of our foreign exchange trading revenue. Most of our foreign exchange revenue is
derived from our securities servicing client base. Activity levels and spreads are generally higher when there is more volatility. Accordingly, we benefit from currency volatility and our foreign exchange revenue is likely to decrease during times
of decreased currency volatility. 

Continuing declines in foreign exchange volatility could continue to impact our foreign exchange revenue.
In addition, our future revenue may increase or decrease depending upon the extent of increases or decreases in cross-border or other investments made by our clients. Economic and political uncertainties resulting from terrorist attacks, military
actions or other events, including changes in laws or regulations governing cross-border transactions, such as currency controls, could result in decreased cross-border investment activity. 

Credit and Liquidity Risk 

Any material reduction in our credit
ratings or the credit ratings of our subsidiaries, The Bank of New York Mellon or BNY Mellon, N.A., could increase the cost of funding and borrowing to us and our rated subsidiaries and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
financial condition. 

Our debt and trust preferred securities and the debt and deposits of our subsidiaries, The Bank of New York
Mellon and BNY Mellon, N.A., are currently rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. These rating agencies regularly evaluate us and our rated subsidiaries and their outlook on us and our rated subsidiaries. Their credit ratings are based
on a number of factors, including our financial strength, as well as factors not entirely within our control,

82     BNY Mellon 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors 

(continued)

including conditions affecting the financial services industry generally as well as the U.S. Government. In addition, rating agencies employ different models and formulas to assess the financial
strength of a rated company, and from time to time rating agencies have, in their discretion, altered these models. Changes to rating agency models, general economic conditions, or other circumstances outside of our control could impact a rating
agency’s judgment of the rating or outlook it assigns us or our rated subsidiaries. In view of the difficulties experienced in recent years by many financial institutions, we believe that the rating agencies have heightened their level of
scrutiny, increased the frequency and scope of their credit reviews, have requested additional information, and have adjusted upward the capital and other requirements employed in their models for maintenance of rating levels. For example, in March
2012, Moody’s downgraded our long-term senior and subordinated debt and trust-preferred securities ratings as well as the long-term debt and deposit ratings of our bank subsidiaries by one notch. 

Moreover, Moody’s has indicated that regulatory changes in the Dodd-Frank Act could result in lower debt and deposit ratings for U.S. banks and
other financial institutions, including us, whose ratings currently benefit from assumed government support. Currently, our ratings benefit from one notch of “lift” and The Bank of New York Mellon and BNY Mellon, N.A. benefit from two
notches of “lift” as a result of the rating agency’s government support assumptions. Moody’s continues to evaluate whether to reduce its support assumptions to below pre-financial crisis levels for banks that currently benefit
from ratings uplift. There can be no assurance that we or our rated subsidiaries will maintain our respective credit ratings or outlook on our securities. 

A material reduction in our credit ratings or the credit ratings of our rated subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on our access to credit markets, the related cost of funding and borrowing,
our credit spreads, our liquidity and on certain trading revenues, particularly in those businesses where counterparty creditworthiness is critical. Our credit spreads, which is the amount in excess of the interest rate of U.S. Treasury securities
(or other benchmark securities) of the same maturity that we need to pay our debt investors, may be impacted by our credit ratings and market perceptions of our creditworthiness. In addition, in connection with certain over-the-counter derivatives
contracts and other trading agreements, counterparties may require us to provide additional collateral or to terminate these contracts and

agreements and collateral financing arrangements in the event of a material credit ratings downgrade below certain ratings levels. Termination of these contracts and agreements could impair our
liquidity by requiring us to find other sources of financing or to make significant cash payments or securities movements. An increase in the costs of our funding and borrowing, or an impairment of our liquidity, could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations and financial condition. We cannot predict what actions rating agencies may take, or what actions we may be required to take in response to the actions of rating agencies, which may adversely affect us. For further
discussion on the impact of a credit rating downgrade, see Note 24 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 

The failure or instability of any of our significant counterparties, many of whom are major financial institutions, and our assumption of credit
and counterparty risk, could expose us to loss and adversely affect our business. 

Our ability to engage in routine funding
transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We have
exposure to many different industries and counterparties, particularly with other financial institutions, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks,
investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. As a result, defaults or non-performance by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally,
have in the past led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions in the future. For example, as a result of our membership in several industry clearing or settlement exchanges, we may be
required to guarantee obligations and liabilities or provide financial support in the event that other members do not honor their obligations or default. These obligations may be limited to members who dealt with the defaulting member or to the
amount (or a multiple of the amount) of our contribution to a member’s guarantee fund, or, in a few cases, the obligation may be unlimited. The consolidation of financial service firms and the failures of other financial institutions have
increased the concentration of our counterparty risk. 

BNY
Mellon     83 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors 

(continued)

 The degree of client demand for short-term credit also tends to increase during periods of market
turbulence, exposing us to further counterparty-related risks. For example, investors in collective investment vehicles for which we act as custodian may engage in significant redemption activity due to adverse market or economic news that was not
anticipated by the fund’s manager. Our relationship with our clients, the nature of the settlement process and our systems may result in our extension of short-term credit in such circumstances. For some types of clients, we provide credit to
allow them to leverage their portfolios, which may expose us to potential loss if the client experiences credit difficulties. In addition to our exposure to financial institutions, we are from time to time exposed to concentrated credit risk at the
industry or country level, potentially exposing us to a single market or political event or a correlated set of events. As a consequence, we may incur a loss in relation to one entity or product even though our exposure to one of its affiliates or
across product types is over-collateralized. Moreover, not all of our counterparty exposure is secured and, when our exposure is secured, the realizable market value of the collateral may have declined by the time we exercise rights against that
collateral. This risk may be particularly acute if we are required to sell the collateral into an illiquid or temporarily impaired market. In addition, disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral significantly increase in times of
market stress and illiquidity. 

We act as agent for securities lending arrangements between customers and financial counterparties, including
broker-dealers, wherein securities are sourced from our customers versus cash or securities posted by such financial counterparties. We invest the proceeds from such securities lending transactions pursuant to certain instructions or guidelines from
customers. In certain cases, we agree to indemnify our customers against defaults on the securities lending agreements and may have to buy-in the securities with the cash collateral or the proceeds from the liquidation of the collateral. In those
instances, we, rather than our customers, are exposed to the risks of the defaulting counterparty on the securities lending transaction. 

Although our overall business is subject to these interdependencies, several of our business units are particularly sensitive to them, including our
currency and other trading activities, our securities lending and tri-party repo businesses and our investment management business. There is no assurance that any such losses would not materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

 We have credit, regulatory and reputation risks as a result of our tri-party repo agent services,
which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

BNY Mellon offers tri-party agent services to dealers and cash
investors active in the tri-party repurchase, or repo, market. BNY Mellon currently has approximately 80% of the market share of the U.S. tri-party repo market. As a tri-party repo agent, we facilitate settlement between dealers (cash borrowers) and
investors (cash lenders). Our involvement in a transaction commences after a dealer and a cash investor agree to a tri-party repo trade and send instructions to us. We maintain custody of the collateral (the subject securities of the repo) and
execute the payment and delivery instructions agreed to and provided by the principals. 

Providing these tri-party repo agent services to
dealers and cash investors involves credit risk at certain points in time. To facilitate the tri-party repo market, we extend secured intraday credit to dealers. In the event of a default by a dealer to whom we have extended secured intraday credit,
we would be at risk for the market value of the collateral securing such intraday credit, and to the defaulting dealer for any shortfall after the liquidation of such collateral, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Once a
tri-party trade settles, however, BNY Mellon is no longer exposed to that dealer default risk. 

BNY Mellon is working to reduce significantly
the risk associated with the secured intraday credit we provide with respect to the tri-party repo market. We have implemented several measures in that regard, including: reducing the amount of time we extend intraday credit, implementing three-way
trade confirmations, and automating the way dealers can substitute collateral in their tri-party repo trades. Additionally in 2013, we have limited the eligibility for intraday credit associated with tri-party repo transactions to certain more
liquid asset classes that will result in a reduction of exposures secured by less liquid forms of collateral by dealers. These efforts are consistent with the recommendations by the Tri-Party Repo Infrastructure Reform Task Force that was sponsored
by the Payments Risk Committee of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and included representatives from a diverse group of market participants, including BNY Mellon. 

We anticipate that the combination of these measures will have reduced risks substantially in our tri-party repo activity in the near term and, together with

84     BNY Mellon 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors 

(continued)

technology enhancements currently in development will achieve the practical elimination of intraday credit in this activity, by the end of 2014. We believe the steps we are taking are responsive
to recent concerns voiced publicly by regulators that dealers and investors should reduce reliance on intraday credit provided by their tri-party repo agents and make risk management practices more resilient to a stress event in the tri-party repo
market. We anticipate that regulators will continue to monitor the actions of market participants and use available supervisory tools to encourage constructive and timely action to reduce sources of risk in the tri-party market. Failure to meet
regulatory expectations could result in regulatory and reputation risk and additional costs. 

Our business, financial condition and
results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not effectively manage our liquidity. 

Our business is dependent in part on
our ability to meet our cash and collateral obligations at a reasonable cost for both expected and unexpected cash flows. We rely on our client deposits as a low-cost and stable source of funding. If we lost a significant amount of deposits
(because, for example, we received a material downgrade in our credit ratings) we may need to replace such funding with more expensive funding and/or reduce assets, which would reduce our net interest revenue. In addition, the Parent’s access
to both short-term money markets and long-term capital markets are significant sources of liquidity. Events or circumstances often outside of our control, such as market disruptions or loss of confidence of debt purchasers or counterparties in us or
in the funds markets, could limit our access to capital markets, increase our cost of borrowing, adversely affect our liquidity, or impair our ability to execute our business plan. In addition, our ability to raise funding could be impaired if
investors develop a negative perception of our financial prospects. Such negative perceptions could be developed if we suffer a significant decline in the level of our business activity, we are materially downgraded, regulatory authorities take
significant action against us, or we discover significant employee misconduct or illegal activity, among other reasons. If we are unable to raise funding using the methods described above, we would likely need to finance or liquidate unencumbered
assets, such as our investment portfolio, to meet funding needs. We may be unable to sell some of our assets, or we may have to sell assets at a discount from market value, either of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations. Additionally, if we experience cash flow mismatches,

market constraints from our inability to convert assets to cash or raise cash in the markets or deposit run-off, our liquidity could be severely impacted. For a further discussion of our
liquidity, see “Liquidity and dividends” in the MD&A – Results of Operations section in this Annual Report. 

We could
incur income statement charges through provision expense if our reserves for credit losses, including loan reserves, are inadequate. 

When we loan money, commit to loan money or enter into a letter of credit or other contract with a counterparty, we incur credit risk, or the risk of
losses if our borrowers do not repay their loans or our counterparties fail to perform according to the terms of their agreements. Our credit exposure is comprised of six classes of financing receivables: financial institutions, commercial,
commercial real estate, lease financings, wealth management loans and mortgages, and other residential mortgages. Though credit risk is inherent in lending activities, our revenues and profitability are adversely affected when our borrowers default
in whole or in part on their loan obligations to us or when there is a significant change in the credit quality of our loan portfolio. We reserve for credit losses by establishing an allowance through a charge to earnings. The allowance for loan
losses and allowance for lending related commitments represents management’s estimate of probable losses inherent in our credit portfolio. We utilize a quantitative methodology, which is supplemented with a qualitative framework that takes into
account internal and external environmental factors that are not captured within the quantitative methodology. The quantitative methodology and qualitative framework determine the allowance for credit losses. We cannot provide any assurance as to
whether charge-offs related to our credit exposure may occur in the future. Current market and economic developments may increase default and delinquency rates and negatively impact the quality of our credit portfolio, which may impact our
charge-offs. If the allowance for credit losses is inadequate due to deterioration in the credit quality of the portfolio or significant charge-offs, we would be required to record credit loss provisions against current earnings, which could
adversely impact our net income. 

BNY
Mellon     85 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors 

(continued)

 Other Risk 

Tax law changes or challenges to our tax positions with respect to historical transactions may adversely affect our net
income, effective tax rate and our overall results of operations and financial condition. 

In the course of our business, we receive
inquiries and challenges from both U.S. and non-U.S. tax authorities on the amount of taxes we owe. If we are not successful in defending these inquiries and challenges, we may be required to adjust the timing or amount of taxable income or
deductions or the allocation of income among tax jurisdictions, all of which can require a greater provision for taxes or otherwise negatively affect earnings. Probabilities and outcomes are reviewed as events unfold, and adjustments to the reserves
are made when necessary, but the reserves may prove inadequate because we cannot necessarily accurately predict the outcome of any challenge, settlement or litigation or to what extent it will negatively affect us or our business. In addition,
changes in tax laws or the interpretation of existing tax laws worldwide could have a material impact on our net income. See Notes 13 and 23 to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for further information. 

Changes in accounting standards could have a material impact on our financial statements. 

From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the International Accounting Standards Board, the SEC and bank regulators change the
financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of our financial statements such as the potential adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard
retroactively, resulting in our restating prior period financial statements. See “Recent Accounting Developments” in the MD&A section and Note 2 to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. These changes are difficult to
predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations and other financial data. 

We are a non-operating holding company, and as a result, are dependent on dividends from our subsidiaries, including our subsidiary banks, to meet
our obligations, including our obligations with respect to our securities, and to provide funds for payment of dividends to our stockholders and stock repurchases. 

We are a non-operating holding company, whose principal assets and sources of income are our

principal bank subsidiaries – The Bank of New York Mellon and BNY Mellon, N.A. – and our other subsidiaries. We are a legal entity separate and distinct from our banks and other
subsidiaries and, therefore, we rely primarily on dividends and interest from these banking and other subsidiaries to meet our obligations, including our obligations with respect to our securities, and to provide funds for payment of common and
preferred dividends to our stockholders, to the extent declared by our Board of Directors. 

There are various legal limitations on the extent
to which these banking and other subsidiaries can finance or otherwise supply funds to us (by dividend or otherwise) and certain of our affiliates. Many of our subsidiaries, including our bank subsidiaries, are subject to laws that restrict dividend
payments or authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to the parent company or other subsidiaries. In addition, our bank subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability to lend or transact
with affiliates and to minimum regulatory capital and liquidity requirements, as well as restrictions on their ability to use funds deposited with them in bank or brokerage accounts to fund their businesses. 

Although we maintain cash positions for liquidity at the holding company level, if our principal banking subsidiaries or other subsidiaries were unable
to supply us with cash over time, we could be unable to meet our obligations, including our obligations with respect to our securities, declare or pay dividends in respect of our capital stock, or perform stock repurchases. See “Supervision and
Regulation”, the “Liquidity and Dividends” section in the MD&A – Results of Operations section and Note 20 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 

Because we are a holding company, our rights and the rights of our creditors, including the holders of our securities, to a share of the assets of any
subsidiary upon the liquidation or recapitalization of the subsidiary will be subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors (including, in the case of our banking subsidiaries, their depositors) except to the extent that we may
ourselves be a creditor with recognized claims against the subsidiary. The rights of holders of our securities to benefit from those distributions will also be junior to those prior claims. Consequently, our securities will be effectively
subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of our subsidiaries. 

86     BNY Mellon 

Table of Contents

Risk Factors 

(continued)

 Our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is subject to the discretion of our Board of
Directors and may be limited by the Federal Reserve, applicable provisions of Delaware law or our failure to pay full and timely dividends on our preferred stock. 

Holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive such dividends as our Board of Directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Although we have historically declared cash
dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so. In addition, any increase in BNY Mellon’s ongoing quarterly dividend would require approval from the Federal Reserve. A failure to increase dividends along with our competitors, or
any reduction of, or elimination of, our common stock dividend would likely adversely affect the market price of our common stock and market perceptions of BNY Mellon. 

Our ability to declare or pay dividends on, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, shares of our common stock or any of our shares that rank junior to the preferred stock as to the payment of dividends
and/or the distribution of any assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of BNY Mellon will be prohibited, subject to certain restrictions, in the

event that we do not declare and pay in full preferred dividends for the then current dividend period of our Series A preferred stock or the last preceding dividend period of our Series C
preferred stock. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could discourage a change of control that our
stockholders may favor, which could negatively affect the market price of our common stock.