An investment in our common stock involves various risks. When considering an investment in the Company, one should carefully consider all of the risk factors described below, as well as other information included and incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. There may be additional risks, uncertainties and matters not listed below, that we are unaware of, or that we currently consider immaterial. Any of these may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and, thus, the value of an investment in the Company.

OPERATIONAL RISKS

We operate in a highly competitive environment, which may adversely affect our ability to succeed. Our investments in new technologies, equipment, and facilities may not provide competitive returns.

We operate in a highly competitive environment for marketing our products and services and securing equipment across our portfolio. Our ability to continually provide competitive products and services can impact our ability to defend, maintain or increase prices for our products and services, maintain market share, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with our customers. In order to be competitive, we must provide new and differentiating technologies, reliable products and services that perform as expected and that create value for our customers.

We continue to invest in new technologies, equipment, and facilities and to expand our 
capabilities and technology portfolio to meet the challenges of a net-zero future. These efforts include expanding into new energy areas such as geothermal and CCUS, strengthening our digital architecture and addressing key energy market themes
. Our ability to defend, maintain or increase prices for our products and services is in part dependent on the industry's capacity relative to customer demand, on our ability to differentiate the value delivered by our products and services from our competitors' products and services and to provide innovative and competitive products and services to meet our client's evolving needs with respect to new energy areas. Managing development of competitive technology and new product introductions on a forecasted schedule and at a forecasted cost can impact our financial results. If we are unable to continue to develop and produce competitive and innovative technology or deliver it to our clients in a timely and cost-competitive manner in response to changes in the market, customer requirements, competitive pressures, or if competing technology accelerates the obsolescence of any of our products or services, any competitive advantage that we may hold, and in turn, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

We have, and may in the future enter into, agreements with third parties to jointly develop certain technologies which may include financial or other commitments. Under the terms of these agreements, we may agree to share in the associated development and marketing costs for the developed technologies. There can be no assurances that we will be able to successfully develop these technologies in collaboration with these third parties that will adequately meet our customers' needs. Also, there can be no assurances that these joint development agreements will be commercially viable, successful or profitable. As a result, these joint development agreements could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The potential slowdown and shift in the energy transition could have an adverse effect on the demand for our clean energy technologies and services.

There is ongoing focus by governments and our customers, investors and other stakeholders on climate change, sustainability, and energy transition matters. However, the pace and direction of the transition to a lower-

Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 16

carbon economy has become increasingly uncertain and variable across different regions and markets. Recent developments indicate a potential slowdown in energy transition efforts, with sustained or increased demand for traditional oil and gas in certain markets.

These shifts may result from various factors, including changes in government policies and priorities, economic pressures, energy security concerns, and evolving consumer and industrial demand patterns. Such changes could include the delay, modification or reversal of climate change-related regulations and initiatives; slower-than-anticipated adoption of renewable energy technologies; continued or increased reliance on oil and natural gas as primary energy sources; and reduced near-term demand from consumers and industry for lower-emission products and services.

Our future success depends on our ability to effectively adapt our business strategy to align with the actual pace and direction of energy transition as it evolves. We have invested in developing innovative technologies and solutions for clean energy applications, including geothermal, CCUS, hydrogen energy, and other integrated solutions. As the energy transition slows and demand shifts back toward traditional oil and gas applications, the market for our clean energy technologies and services may not develop as anticipated, which could adversely affect our revenue from these segments and the return on our investments in clean energy innovation. Additionally, if we have allocated resources away from traditional oil and gas applications in anticipation of a faster energy transition, we may not be positioned to capture opportunities in markets where demand for conventional energy services remains strong or increases.

Furthermore, the uncertainty and variability in energy transition timelines across different regions may make it difficult to optimize our portfolio and resource allocation decisions. Our ability to achieve our strategic objectives and financial targets depends on accurately anticipating market demand across both traditional and emerging energy solutions, and a mismatch between our strategic positioning and actual market conditions could materially impact our financial performance and access to capital.

Disruptions in our supply chain, the high cost or unavailability of raw materials, equipment, and supplies essential to our business could adversely affect our ability to execute our operations on a timely basis.

Our manufacturing operations are dependent on having sufficient raw materials, component parts and manufacturing capacity, including labor, available to meet our manufacturing plans on a timely basis, at a reasonable cost while minimizing inventories. Additional disruptions within our supply chain resulting from factors including, but not limited to, sanctions, tariffs, conflict, inflation, high interest rates, severe weather and natural disasters, and shortages in labor supply, have had and may continue to have an impact on our business and reputation. Many of the raw materials essential to our business require the use of rail, storage, and trucking services to transport the materials to our job sites. These services, particularly during times of high demand, may cause delays in the arrival of or otherwise constrain our supply of raw materials. These constraints could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations. In addition, price increases imposed by our vendors for raw materials and transportation providers used in our business, and the inability to pass these increases through to our customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations. As a result of these or any other factors, our ability to execute our operations on a timely basis, including our ability to meet our manufacturing plans and revenue goals, control costs, and avoid shortages or over-supply of raw materials and component parts, could be adversely affected.

The partial or complete loss of GE Vernova or GE Aerospace as suppliers, as well as contracts with our Aero JV with GE Vernova, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We currently have extensive commercial relationships with GE Vernova and GE Aerospace. Although we have long-term contractual frameworks in place with both GE Vernova and GE Aerospace, if either GE Vernova or GE Aerospace were to discontinue or reduce their business with the Company, fail to perform their obligations under existing contracts (such as our long-term supply agreement for heavy-duty gas turbines, the Second Amended and Restated Supply and Technology Development Agreement or the related intellectual property agreements with GE Aerospace) or experience disruptions, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected.

Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 17

In addition to our contracts and arrangements with GE Aerospace and GE Vernova as direct suppliers, we also have exposure to GE Aerospace and GE Vernova through the Aero JV. The Aero JV is jointly controlled by GE Vernova and us, and as a result, realizing the benefits of this joint venture depends on the continued cooperation between the parties. In addition, the business and financial performance of the Aero JV may be adversely affected if GE Aerospace fails to perform its obligations under its contracts with the Aero JV. We in turn use certain products and services purchased through the Aero JV for the manufacture and maintenance of various end products, and therefore, failure of the Aero JV to perform for any reason could prevent us from fulfilling our contractual obligations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Our proposed transaction with Chart creates business, regulatory, and reputational risks.

On July 28, 2025, we entered into a merger agreement with Chart, which sets forth the terms of our proposed transaction. The proposed transaction with Chart entails important risks, including, among others: the expected timing and likelihood of completion of the proposed transaction; the timing, receipt and terms and conditions of any required governmental and regulatory clearance of the proposed transaction; the effect of any potential conditions imposed by regulators in connection with the approval of the proposed transaction; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement and the payment of a termination fee; the outcome of any legal proceedings that have been instituted and may in the future be instituted against the parties and others following announcement of the merger agreement and proposed transaction; the inability to consummate the proposed transaction due to the failure to satisfy other conditions to complete the proposed transaction; risks that the proposed transaction disrupts our current plans and operations; the ability to identify and recognize, including on the expected timeline, the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction, including anticipated total shareholder return, revenue and Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization ("EBITDA") expectations and synergies; the amount of the costs, fees, expenses and charges related to the proposed transaction; our ability to successfully integrate Chart into our businesses and related operations, including our associates, and realize expected operations benefits, at the times and to the extent anticipated; the risk that results are different from those contained in forecasts when made; the risk that transaction and/or integration costs or dis-synergies are greater than expected, including as a result of conditions regulators put on any approvals of the proposed transaction; the potential effect of the announcement and/or consummation of the proposed transaction on relationships, including with associates, suppliers and competitors; our ability to maintain our current credit rating; the risk that management's attention is diverted from other matters; risks related to the potential effect of general economic, political and market factors, including changes in the financial markets; the risk of adverse effects on the market price of our or Chart's securities or on our or Chart's operating results for any reason; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement; and other risks described in our filings with the SEC.

We may not be able to realize the potential financial or strategic benefits of the transactions we complete, or find suitable target businesses to acquire.

From time to time, we have acquired and may in the future acquire or invest in businesses or partnerships that we believe could complement our business or offer growth opportunities. We expect to make additional acquisitions and strategic investments in the future but may not find suitable targets, or we may not be able to consummate such transactions due to, among other things, financial constraints, unfavorable credit markets, commercially unacceptable terms, failure to obtain regulatory approvals, and competitive bid dynamics or other risks, which could harm our operating results. The pursuit and integration of such acquisitions or investments may divert management's attention and cause us to incur various expenses. Acquisitions and investments may not perform as expected, be integrated as successfully as we anticipate or cause us to assume unrecognized or underestimated liabilities. These activities are complex, costly and time-consuming and pose a number of risks. Any delays or issues encountered in these activities could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.

We may in the future divest certain product lines that no longer fit our long-term strategies. Divestitures may adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition if we are unable to achieve the anticipated benefits or cost savings from such divestitures, or if we are unable to offset impacts from the loss of revenue associated with the divested product lines. Further, whether such divestitures are ultimately consummated or not, their pendency could have a number of negative effects on our current business, including disrupting our regular operations and increasing our costs. It could also disrupt existing business relationships, make it harder to develop new business relationships, or otherwise negatively impact the way that we operate our business.

Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 18

If we do not manage the foregoing risks, the transactions that we complete or are unable to complete may harm our brand and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively and our operations could be adversely affected.

Our operations and future success depend on our ability to recruit, train, and retain key personnel. People are a key resource to developing, manufacturing, and delivering our products and providing technical services and solutions to our customers around the world. A competent, well-trained, highly skilled, motivated, and diverse workforce has a positive impact on our ability to attract and retain business. Difficulties in hiring or retaining key employees, or the unexpected loss of experienced employees resulting in the depletion of our institutional knowledge base, could have an adverse impact on our business performance, reputation, financial condition, or results of operations. Additionally, successfully executing organizational change as we restructure the Company, management transitions at leadership levels of the Company, and motivation and retention of key employees is critical to our business success. Factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain sufficient numbers of qualified employees include: employee morale, our brand reputation as an employer of choice, competition from other employers, our location strategy for key roles, investments in technology and systems, and availability of qualified individuals with the desired skills and experiences needed to grow our business. Other factors that have, and could continue to impact our workforce, are: changes to our office environments and the impact this could have on our Company culture, the adoption of new work models, and our requirements and/or expectations about when or how often certain employees work on-site or remotely, which may not meet the expectations of our employees.

The implementation of any plan to restructure our corporate organization and operating segments may not achieve the results we anticipate, which could adversely affect our business.

From time to time, we will embark upon restructuring activities, whether in response to business operating cycles or for more significant programs of strategic significance (for example, the corporate realignment in 2022 which resulted in a focus on our two operating segments). Restructuring activities may be more costly than anticipated, and could lead to the diversion of management's attention from other business priorities. As a result of these or any other factors, we may not realize the anticipated benefits associated with the restructuring plan. There can be no assurance that the restructuring plan will materially increase our profitability. Even if the restructuring plan generates the benefits that we have anticipated, there may be other unforeseeable and unintended factors or consequences that occur as a result of the restructuring, which could adversely affect our business.

Our business could be impacted by both geopolitical and terrorism threats, including armed conflict, in countries where we or our customers do business and our business operations may be impacted by civil unrest and/or government expropriations.

Geopolitical and terrorism threats continue to grow in a number of key countries where we currently or may in the future do business. Geopolitical and terrorism threats, including armed conflict among countries, have led to, among other things, a loss of our investment in the country, adverse impact to our employees, and impairment of our or our customers' ability to conduct operations.

Further, the broader consequences of geopolitical and terrorism threats, which may include further sanctions that prohibit our ability to do business in specific countries, embargoes, supply chain disruptions, the potential inability to service our remaining performance obligations and potential contractual breaches and litigation, regional instability and geopolitical shifts, and the extent of any such threats effect on our business and results of operations as well as the global economy, cannot be predicted.

Certain geopolitical conflicts, such as between Russia and Ukraine, and instability, such as in the Middle East and the current political situation in Venezuela, have had and may continue to have the effect of heightening many other risks disclosed in our public filings, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on regional and global macroeconomic conditions; increased volatility in the price and demand of oil and natural gas, increased exposure to cyber-attacks; limitations in our ability to implement and execute our business strategy; risks to employees and contractors that we have in the region; disruptions in global supply chains; exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; potential nationalizations and assets seizures; constraints or disruption in the capital markets and our sources of liquidity; our potential inability to service our remaining performance obligations and potential contractual breaches and litigation. 

Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 19

Any such risks may require us to record asset impairments and experience adverse operating impacts which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Control of oil and natural gas reserves by national oil companies may impact the demand for our services and products and create additional risks in our operations
.

Much of the world's oil and natural gas reserves are controlled by national oil companies. National oil companies may require their contractors to meet local content requirements or other local standards, such as conducting our operations through joint ventures with local partners that could be difficult or undesirable for us to meet. The failure to meet the local content requirements and other local standards may adversely impact our operations in those countries. In addition, our ability to work with national oil companies is subject to our ability to negotiate and agree upon acceptable contract terms.

Our operations involve a variety of operating hazards and risks that could cause losses.

The products that we manufacture and the services that we provide are complex, and the failure of our equipment to operate properly or to meet specifications may greatly increase our customers' costs. In addition, many of these products are used in inherently hazardous environments across the energy and industrial sectors, including onshore and offshore oil and gas fields, LNG facilities, and other high-pressure or high-temperature applications. These hazards include blowouts, explosions, unplanned or uncontrolled releases, nuclear-related events, fires, collisions, capsizings, and severe weather conditions. We may incur substantial liabilities or losses as a result of these hazards. Our insurance and contractual indemnity protection may not be sufficient or effective to protect us under all circumstances or against all risks. The occurrence of a significant event, against which we were not fully insured or indemnified or the failure of a customer to meet its indemnification obligations to us, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Seasonal and weather conditions could adversely affect demand for our services and operations.

Variation from normal weather patterns, such as cooler or warmer summers and winters, can have a significant impact on demand for our services and operations. Adverse weather conditions may interrupt or curtail our operations, or our customers' operations, cause supply disruptions and result in a loss of revenue and damage to our equipment and facilities, which may or may not be insured. Such effects have the potential to affect business continuity and operating results, particularly at facilities in coastal areas or areas prone to chronic water scarcity, and could disrupt our operations or those of our customers or suppliers, including through direct damage to physical assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility. Repercussions of severe or unseasonable weather conditions may include evacuation of personnel and curtailment of services, weather-related damage to offshore drilling rigs resulting in suspension of operations, weather-related damage to our facilities and project work sites, inability to deliver materials to job sites in accordance with contract schedules, decreases in demand for oil and natural gas during unseasonably warm winters, increased insurance premiums and deductibles or a decrease in the availability of coverage in areas subject to severe weather events, and loss of productivity. As a result of the above repercussions or any others, demand for our services and operations may be adversely affected.

While we evaluate and incorporate potential ranges of physical risks, it is difficult to predict with certainty the timing, frequency or severity of such events, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.

CREDIT AND CUSTOMER CONTRACTING RISKS

Providing services on an integrated, turnkey, or fixed price basis could require us to assume additional risks.

We may choose to enter into integrated or turnkey contracts with our customers that require us to provide services and equipment outside of our core business. Providing services on an integrated or turnkey basis may also subject us to additional risks, such as costs associated with unexpected delays or difficulties in drilling operations, project management interface risk, risks associated with subcontracting and consortium arrangements, and risks associated with production solutions or guarantees. These integrated or turnkey contracts may be fixed price contracts that do not allow us to recover for cost over-runs unless they are directly caused by the customer.

Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 20

We may not be able to satisfy technical requirements, testing requirements or other specifications required under our service contracts and equipment purchase agreements.

Our products are used in deepwater, and other harsh environments, and severe service applications. Our contracts with customers and customer requests for bids typically set forth detailed specifications or technical requirements for our products and services, which may also include extensive testing requirements. In addition, scrutiny of the offshore drilling industry and LNG industry has resulted in more stringent technical specifications for our products and more comprehensive testing requirements for our products to ensure compliance with such specifications. We cannot provide assurance that our products, including products supplied through joint ventures or by third parties, will be able to satisfy the specifications necessary in all scenarios or under all operating conditions, nor that we will be able to perform the full-scale testing required to prove that the product specifications are satisfied in future contract bids or under existing contracts, or that the costs of modifications to our products to satisfy the specifications and testing will not adversely affect our results of operations.

We sometimes enter into consortium or similar arrangements for certain projects, which could impose additional costs and obligations on us.

We sometimes enter into consortium or similar arrangements for certain projects. Under such arrangements, each party is responsible for performing a certain scope of work within the total scope of the contracted work, and the obligations expire when all contractual obligations are completed. The failure or inability, financially or otherwise, of any of the parties to perform their obligations could impose additional costs and obligations on us. These factors could result in unanticipated costs to complete the project, liquidated damages or contract disputes.

Our contracts may be terminated early in certain circumstances.

Our contracts with customers generally may be terminated by the customer for convenience, default, or extended force majeure (which could include inability to perform due to a pandemic or as a result of civil unrest or armed conflicts). Termination for convenience may require the payment of an early termination fee by the customer, but the early termination fee may not fully compensate us for the loss of the contract. Termination by the customer for default or extended force majeure due to events outside of our control generally will not require the customer to pay an early termination fee.

Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected if our customers terminate some of our contracts, and we are unable to secure new contracts on a timely basis and on substantially similar terms, if payments due under our contracts are suspended for an extended period of time, or if a number of our contracts are renegotiated. Our RPO are comprised of unfulfilled customer orders for products and product services (expected life of contract sales for product services). The actual amount and timing of revenues earned may be substantially different than the reported RPO. The total dollar amount of the Company's RPO as of December 31, 2025 was $35.9 billion.

The credit risks of having a concentrated customer base in the energy industry could result in losses.

Having a concentration of customers in the energy industry may impact our overall exposure to credit risk as our customers may be similarly affected by prolonged changes in economic and industry conditions. Some of our customers may experience extreme financial distress as a result of falling commodity prices and may be forced to seek protection under applicable bankruptcy laws, which may affect our ability to recover any amounts due from such customers. Furthermore, countries that rely heavily upon income from hydrocarbon exports have been and may in the future be negatively and significantly affected by a drop in oil or gas prices, which could affect our ability to collect, timely or at all, from our customers in these countries, particularly national oil companies. Laws in some jurisdictions in which we will operate could make collection difficult or time consuming. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and do not expect to require collateral in support of our trade receivables. While we maintain reserves for potential credit losses, we cannot assure such reserves will be sufficient to meet write-offs of uncollectible receivables or that our losses from such receivables will be consistent with our expectations. Additionally, in the event of a bankruptcy of any of our customers, we may be treated as an unsecured creditor and may collect substantially less, or none, of the amounts owed to us by such customer.

Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 21

Our customers' activity levels and spending for our products and services and ability to pay amounts owed us could be impacted by the reduction of their cash flow, financial condition and the ability of our customers to access equity or credit markets.

Our customers' access to capital is dependent on their ability to access the funds necessary to develop economically attractive projects based upon their expectations of future energy prices, required investments, and/or resulting returns. Limited access to external sources of funding has caused and may continue to cause customers to reduce their capital spending plans to levels supported by internally generated cash flow. In addition, a reduction of cash flow resulting from declines in commodity prices, a reduction in borrowing bases under reserve-based credit facilities or the lack of available debt or equity financing may impact the ability of our customers to pay amounts owed to us and could cause us to increase our reserve for credit losses or resulting in us collecting substantially less, or none, of the amounts owed to us by such customer.

Gross receivables related to our primary customer in Mexico were 4%, 7%, and 9% for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition to the potential risk of credit loss related to collection of accounts receivable with this customer, we have and may in the future, issue credit default swaps ("CDS") to third-party institutions related to borrowings to this customer who utilizes these funds to repay certain of our receivables. In the event of default by our customer to the financial institution, we would be required to pay the notional amount outstanding under the CDS, which may adversely impact our results of operations, short-term liquidity position, and cash flows.

LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS

Compliance with and changes in laws could be costly and could affect operating results. In addition, government disruptions could negatively impact our ability to conduct our business.

We conduct business in more than 120 countries that can be impacted by expected and unexpected changes in the legal and business environments in which we operate. In particular, goods, services, data, finances, people, and technology that cross international borders subject us to extensive trade laws and regulations. Our import activities are governed by the unique customs laws and regulations in each of the countries where we operate. Pursuant to their laws and regulations, governments may impose economic sanctions against certain countries, persons and entities that may restrict or prohibit transactions involving such countries, persons and entities, which may limit or prevent our conduct of business in certain jurisdictions.

Compliance-related issues could limit our ability to do business in certain countries, impact our earnings and cash flows, bring reputational harm, or result in governmental investigations leading to fines, penalties or other remedial measures. Changes that could impact the legal environment include new legislation, new regulations, new policies, investigations, and legal proceedings as well as new interpretations of existing legal rules and regulations: in particular, changes in export control laws or exchange control laws, currency conversion, repatriation of income or capital, additional restrictions on doing business in countries subject to sanctions, and changes in laws in countries where we operate. In addition, changes and uncertainty in the political environments in which our businesses operate, including changes in administration, can have a material effect on the laws, rules, and regulations that affect our operations and liquidity. Government disruptions may also delay or halt the granting and renewal of permits, licenses and other items required by us and our customers to conduct our business. The continued success of our global business and operations depends, in part, on our ability to continue to anticipate and effectively manage these and other political, legal and regulatory risks. Given the highly dynamic nature of these restrictions and the unprecedented nature of these changes in recent years, and the uncertainty in the political landscape and unrest in certain areas of the world, our future success depends on the ability of our organization to react to such changes rapidly and appropriately to assure compliance as we continue to conduct business globally.

Our failure to comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and other similar laws could have a negative impact on our ongoing operations.

Our ability to comply with the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, and various other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws depends on the success of our ongoing compliance program, including our ability to successfully select, diligence, oversee, and manage our agents, distributors, joint venture partners, suppliers, and other third-party business partners, and supervise, train, and retain competent employees. These laws in many cases impose liability not only for the actions of our employees, but also for the improper conduct of third parties acting on our behalf. As a result, any failure by us, or by any of our employees or business partners, to comply with applicable anti-bribery and anti-

Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 22

corruption requirements could expose us to sanctions and civil and criminal prosecution, fines and penalties, as well as legal expenses and reputational harm that could negatively impact our relationships with customers, regulators, and other stakeholders.

Anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing laws could have adverse consequences for us.

Non-compliance with anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism financing and various other financial laws may subject us to sanctions, civil and criminal prosecution, fines and penalties, as well as legal expenses and potential reputational harm. While we strive to continuously improve our programs and pursue effective compliance, we cannot be sure our programs and controls are or will remain effective to ensure our compliance with all applicable anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing laws and regulations.

Changes to tax laws and associated positions 
(including tax rate and adverse positions taken by taxing authorities) and international trade policy (including the imposition of tariffs and other import and export regulations) in the countries where we operate could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.

We are subject to changes in tax laws, rates, treaties, and regulations in the various jurisdictions where we operate, any of which, including in the interpretation thereof, could have a material adverse impact on our tax expense, results of operations and cash flows. Further, the examinations and subsequent tax assessments by various tax authorities could increase our tax liabilities. Any changes to tax laws or rates or unfavorable positions taken by tax authorities have and could preclude our ability to fully utilize tax loss carryforwards and tax credits which could increase the amount of valuation allowances required against deferred tax assets and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act ("OBBBA") was enacted, introducing broad changes to the U.S. tax code, including modifications to federal income tax provisions. The legislation has multiple effective dates, with certain provisions effective in 2025 and others taking effect in later years. The aggregate impact of the OBBBA remains uncertain. We will continue to monitor future developments, including regulatory guidance and interpretations, which could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In addition, we are subject to changes to the U.S. and foreign country tariffs, international trade agreements and policies. This includes proposed and enacted tariffs by the U.S. and foreign governments. Expansion of trade restrictions, changes to government policies related to tariffs or trade agreements could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Recent changes in U.S. administrative policy, including increases in tariffs and any changes in international trade relations or trade agreements, may have an adverse effect on our business.

There is continued uncertainty about the future relationship between the U.S. and various other countries with respect to tariffs, trade policies, government regulations, treaties and trade agreements. Recent changes in U.S. administrative policy have led to significant increases in tariffs on goods imported into the U.S., particularly tariffs on products manufactured in Europe, Mexico and China. These tariffs, and additional proposed tariffs or other restrictive changes, have resulted, and may further result, in retaliatory trade measures in response to such actions and ongoing uncertainty regarding existing trade agreements and greater restrictions on free trade generally, among other possible changes. Further governmental action related to tariffs or international trade agreements, a trade war, changes in U.S. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the territories and countries where we currently manufacture and sell products, and any resulting negative sentiments towards the U.S. as a result of such changes, would likely have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. To the extent that we incur incremental tariffs, we may need to recover such tariffs from our customers, and there is no guarantee such recoveries will occur.

We could be subject to litigation and environmental claims arising out of our products and services which could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The technical complexities of our operations expose us to a wide range of significant health, safety and environmental risks and we are from time to time subject to litigation in the U.S. and in foreign countries, for 

Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 23

example claims involving services or equipment such as personal injury or loss of life, product failure (including as a result of a cyber-attack) or damage to or destruction of property, employment and labor, customer privacy, or regulatory risks. While we have insurance coverage against operating hazards to the extent deemed prudent by our management and to the extent insurance is available, our insurance may not cover all expenses related to litigation claims arising from our business. Moreover, we may not be able to maintain insurance at levels of risk coverage or policy limits that we deem adequate. We may therefore incur significant expenses defending any such suit or government charge and may be required to pay amounts or otherwise change our operations in ways that could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We may be subject to litigation if another party claims that we have infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise violated its intellectual property rights.

The tools, techniques, methodologies, programs and components we use to provide our products and services may infringe upon, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others or be challenged on that basis. Regardless of the merits, any such claims may result in significant legal and other costs and may distract management from running our core business. If such claims were decided against us, then we could be required to pay damages or develop or adopt non-infringing products or services. Resolving such claims with settlement could also increase our costs, including through royalty payments to acquire licenses, if available, from third parties and through the development of replacement technologies. If a license to resolve a claim were not available, we might not be able to continue providing a particular service or product, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Such claims could harm our image, trademarks and brands, competitive position, or our ability to expand our operations into other jurisdictions. There could be attendant negative publicity, even if ultimately decided in our favor. In addition, third parties may assert that the intellectual property or our rights therein are invalid or unenforceable. If applicable intellectual property rights were invalidated or deemed unenforceable, then the third-party could permit competing uses of such intellectual property rights which, in turn, could lead to a decline in revenues and sales.

Compliance with, and rulings and litigation in connection with, environmental regulations and the environmental impacts of our operations may adversely affect our business and operating results.

We and our business are subject to extensive domestic and international environmental, health and safety regulations. In addition to environmental, health and safety regulatory compliance obligations, we may face liability arising out of the normal course of business, including alleged personal injury, property damage, and human health risks due to exposure to hazardous substances or operations at our current or former facilities. Additionally, we may be impacted by material changes in environmental, health and safety regulations or subject to substantial liability for environmental impacts caused by our (or our predecessors') operations. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations and associated expenditures, including but not limited to our capital expenditures for environmental control equipment, are forecasted and may be inconsistent based on multiple variables. Our compliance cost forecasts may be substantially different from actual results, which may be affected by factors such as: changes in law that impose new or increased restrictions on air or other emissions, wastewater management, waste disposal, or wetland and land use practices; changes in standards of enforcement of existing environmental laws and regulations; a change in our share of any remediation costs or other unexpected, adverse outcomes with respect to sites where we have been named as a potentially responsible party ("PRP"), or otherwise alleged to be responsible for environmental issues (including Superfund sites, the allocation of PRP liability at sites, or discovery of additional issues at existing sites), where additional expenditures may be required to comply with environmental legal obligations; and the accidental, unauthorized discharge of hazardous materials.

International, national, and state governments and agencies continue to evaluate and promulgate legislation and regulations that are focused on GHG emissions and climate related risk. Compliance with GHG emission regulations applicable to our or our customers' operations could adversely affect our business and operating results.

In the United States, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") has taken steps to regulate GHG emissions as air pollutants under the U.S. Clean Air Act of 1970, as amended. The EPA's Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule requires monitoring and reporting of GHG emissions from, among others, certain mobile and stationary GHG emission sources in the oil and natural gas industry. In 2024, the EPA released a final rule expanding the scope of the reporting rule; however, the current administration has taken steps to reconsider these rules. In March 2025, the EPA released a final rule to extend 2025 reporting deadlines and in September 2025, 

Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 24

proposed a rulemaking to remove and/or suspend program obligations applicable to various industry sectors. Newly enacted GHG emissions disclosure requirements and subsequent reconsiderations have been and likely will continue to be subject to ongoing legal challenges in the U.S. which may delay the implementation or enforcement of such rules. Although a reduction in GHG reporting obligations in the U.S. may be possible at the federal level in the short-term, with changing administrations and increased regulation by certain states, including California and New York, long-term regulatory trends suggest that regulation of GHG emissions in the United States is likely to increase over time. Further, regulatory requirements for sustainability reporting, including GHG emissions, are expanding internationally, including in the European Union and Australia.

International developments focused on restricting or otherwise disincentivizing GHG emissions include the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, which includes implementation of the Paris Agreement and the Kyoto Protocol by the signatories; the Glasgow Climate Pact; the EU and UK Emissions Trading Systems; the EU Methane Regulation; Article 8 of the EU Energy Efficiency Directive and the UK's Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting framework; and the EU and the UK's carbon border adjustment mechanisms. Caps or fees on carbon emissions have been and may continue to be established and the cost of such caps or fees could disproportionately affect the fossil-fuel sectors. The implementation of these agreements and other existing or future regulatory mandates, may adversely affect the demand for our products and services, require us or our customers to reduce GHG emissions or impose taxes on us or our customers, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Regulatory disclosure requirements related to sustainability matters and future legislation and regulatory programs to address climate change or reduce emissions of GHGs may continue to increase our cost and burden of compliance or may subject us to potential legal and reputational risk, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In addition, we continue our efforts to research, establish, accomplish and accurately report on the implementation of our emissions strategy, including our emissions reduction commitments, which may create additional operational risks and expenses and expose us to reputational, legal and other risks. While we create and publish voluntary disclosures regarding emissions matters from time to time, some of the statements in those voluntary disclosures may be based on hypothetical expectations and assumptions that may or may not be representative of current or actual risks or events or forecasts of expected risks or events, including the costs associated therewith. Such expectations and assumptions are necessarily uncertain and may be prone to error or subject to misinterpretation given the long timelines involved and the lack of an established single approach to identifying, measuring and reporting on many emissions matters.

Changes in laws or regulations relating to data privacy and security, or any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws or regulations, or contractual or other obligations relating to data privacy or security, may adversely affect our business and operating results.

We have access to sensitive, confidential, proprietary or personal data or information in certain of our businesses that is or may become subject to various data privacy and security laws, regulations, standards, contractual obligations or customer-imposed controls in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The legal and regulatory environment related to data privacy and security is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. These laws and regulations are and may be interpreted and applied differently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and it is possible that they will be interpreted and applied in ways that may adversely affect our business and operating results.

In the U.S., various federal and state regulators, including governmental agencies like the Federal Trade Commission, have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws, regulations and standards concerning personal information, privacy and data security. Certain state laws may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to personal information than federal, international or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, all of which may complicate compliance efforts. Internationally, laws, regulations and standards in many jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal information or other data. For example, the collection, use, storage, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of personal data regarding individuals located in the European Economic Area and the U.K. is subject to strict regulations, and compliance may require adhering to stringent legal and operational obligations and the dedication of substantial time and financial resources.

Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 25

The various and evolving federal, state and international laws, regulations and standards can differ significantly from one another and, given our global footprint, this may significantly complicate our compliance efforts and impose considerable costs, such as costs related to organizational changes and implementing additional protection technologies, which are likely to increase over time. In addition, compliance with applicable requirements may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies, distract management or divert resources from other initiatives and projects, all of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with any applicable federal, state or international laws, regulations, standards, or contractual or other obligations, relating to data privacy and security could result in damage to our reputation and our relationship with our customers, as well as proceedings or litigation by governmental agencies, customers or individuals, which could subject us to significant fines, sanctions, awards, penalties or judgments, all of which could adversely affect our business and operating results.

TECHNOLOGY RISKS

An inability to obtain, maintain, protect, defend or enforce our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business.

There can be no assurance that the steps we take to obtain, maintain, protect, defend and enforce our IP rights will be complete or adequate. Our applications for IP rights may not be granted entirely, as to key features, or at all. Our IP rights may fail to provide us with significant competitive advantages, particularly in jurisdictions where we have not invested in an intellectual property portfolio or that do not have, or do not enforce, strong IP rights. The weakening of protection for our trademarks, patents, trade secrets, copyrights and other IP rights could also adversely affect our business.

We are a party to a number of licenses that give us access to IP rights that is necessary or useful to our business. Our success depends in part on the ability of our licensors to obtain, maintain, protect, defend and sufficiently enforce the licensed IP rights we commercialize. Without protection for the IP rights we own or license, other companies might be able to offer substantially identical products for sale, which could adversely affect our competitive business position and harm our business products. There can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain or renew from third parties any licenses to use IP rights we need in the future, and there is no assurance that such licenses can be obtained on reasonable terms. We would be adversely affected in the event that any such license agreement was terminated without the right for us to continue using the licensed IP rights.

Increased cybersecurity vulnerabilities and threats, and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-attacks and other security incidents, pose risks to our systems, data and business, and our relationships with customers and other third parties.

In the course of conducting our business, we may hold or have access to sensitive, confidential, proprietary or personal data or information belonging to us, our employees or third parties, including customers, collaborators or suppliers. Increased cybersecurity vulnerabilities and threats, and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-attacks and other security incidents, pose risks to our and our customers', collaborators', suppliers' and third-party service providers' systems, data, and business, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data, as well as the data of our employees, customers, suppliers, and other third-party business partners. We utilize various procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate our exposure including maintaining a dedicated Cyber Fusion Center ("CFC") and engaging third-party experts. For more information see the "Risk Management & Strategy" section of Part 1 of Item 1C herein. While we attempt to mitigate these risks, we remain vulnerable to cyber-attacks and other security incidents, including ransomware incidents. Given our global footprint, the large number of customers, partners, suppliers and service providers with which we do business, and the increasing sophistication and complexity of cyber-attacks, including, without limitation, due to the application of generative AI, an incident could occur and persist for an extended period without detection. Any investigation of a cyber-attack or other security incident would be inherently unpredictable, and it would take time before the completion of any investigation and the availability of full and reliable information. During such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all or any of which would further increase the costs and consequences of such an incident. We may be required to expend significant resources to protect against, respond to, and recover from any cyber-attacks and other security incidents. As cyber-attacks continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. In addition, our remediation efforts may not be successful, or the impacts may be 

Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 26

irreversible. The inability to implement, maintain and upgrade adequate safeguards could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

In addition to our own systems, we use third-party service providers, who in turn may also use third-party providers, to process certain data or information on our behalf. Due to applicable laws and regulations or contractual obligations, we may be held responsible for cybersecurity incidents attributed to our service providers or other third parties to the extent affecting information we share with them. Although we contractually require these third parties to implement and maintain reasonable security measures, we cannot control third parties and cannot guarantee that a security breach will not occur in their systems.

Our digital technologies and services, as well as third-party products, services and technologies on which we rely (including emerging technologies, such as AI programs), are subject to the risk of cyberattacks. Despite our and our service providers' efforts to protect our data and information, there can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to prevent or limit the effects of cyber incidents or attacks will be sufficient to prevent or detect material consequences arising from such incidents or attacks, or to avoid a material adverse impact on our systems after such incidents or attacks occur. In the normal conduct of our business, we, our customers, and our service providers have been and may in the future be vulnerable to security breaches, ransomware attacks, theft, misplaced or lost data, programming errors, phishing attacks, denial of service attacks, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, malware, employee errors and/or malfeasance or similar events, including those perpetrated by criminals or nation-state actors, that could potentially lead to the compromise, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of data or information, improper use of our systems, defective products, loss of access to our data, production downtimes and operational disruptions; and, given the nature of such attacks, some incidents may remain undetected for a period of time despite efforts to detect and respond to them in a timely manner. In addition, a cyber-attack or any other significant compromise or breach of our data security, media reports about such an incident, whether accurate or not, or, under certain circumstances, our failure to make adequate or timely disclosures to the public, governmental entities, law enforcement agencies or affected individuals following any such event, whether due to delayed discovery or a failure to follow existing protocols, could adversely impact our operating results and result in other negative consequences, including damage to our reputation or competitiveness, harm to our relationships with customers, collaborators, suppliers and other third parties, distraction to our management, remediation or increased protection costs, significant litigation or regulatory action, fines and penalties. Cyberattacks are expected to accelerate on a global basis in both frequency and magnitude as threat actors become increasingly sophisticated in techniques and tools (including AI) that circumvent controls, evade detection and even remove forensic evidence of the infiltration. Given the increased prevalence of customer-imposed connectivity, cybersecurity controls and other related contractual obligations towards customers or other third parties, there are an increased number of attack vectors and a cyber-attack or other security incident also could result in breach of contract or indemnity claims against us by customers or other counterparties.

While we currently maintain cybersecurity insurance, such insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to cybersecurity breaches or attacks, failures or other data security-related incidents, and we cannot be certain that cyber insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that an insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We may use AI, machine learning, data science and similar technologies in our business, products and services, and challenges with properly managing such technologies could result in reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

AI, machine learning, data science and similar technologies, including third-party AI tools, may be enabled by, or integrated into, some of our business processes and solutions. As with many developing technologies, AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its further development, adoption, and use, and therefore our business. AI algorithms may be flawed or biased. Datasets used to train or develop AI systems may be insufficient, of inferior quality, or contain biased, incorrect or incomplete information. The utilization of AI may increase our risk and liability exposure relating to confidentiality, intellectual property infringement, and client use restrictions. Our AI governance review process and safeguards may not be adequate to protect against these risks and challenges.

Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 27

Additionally, the laws and regulations concerning the use of AI continue to evolve. If the use or integration of AI systems, or the outputs generated by such systems, were determined to be non-compliant (e.g., in relation to AI statutory regimes, data privacy rights or in relation to the use of AI for certain activities or use cases), this may expose us to regulatory action or litigation. It is possible that emerging regulations or changes to intellectual property laws may limit or block the use of AI in our business or otherwise impose restrictions that may adversely affect the efficiency of our business processes or solutions that were utilizing AI technologies.

Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI into their product and service offerings more quickly or more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

INDUSTRY AND MARKET RISKS

Volatility of oil and natural gas prices can adversely affect demand for our products and services.

Prices of oil and gas products are set on a commodity basis. As a result, the volatility in oil and natural gas prices can impact our customers' activity levels and spending for our products and services. Current energy prices are important contributors to cash flow for our customers and their ability to fund exploration and development activities. Expectations about future prices and price volatility are important for determining future spending levels.

Demand for our products and services is subject to factors beyond our control and depends substantially on expenditures by our customers. Changes in the global economy could impact our customers' spending levels and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Demand for our services and products is highly correlated with global economic growth and substantially dependent on the levels of expenditures by our customers. Across our products and services, customer demand may be reduced due to global economic factors beyond our control, including but not limited to inflation, high interest rates, fluctuations in FX rates, and declining availability of credit. Specifically, for example, past oil and natural gas industry downturns have resulted in reduced demand for oilfield products and services and lower expenditures by our customers, which in the past has resulted, and may in the future result, in a prolonged reduction in oil and natural gas prices that may require us to record asset impairments, and we could experience decreased revenue, decreased profitability and reduction in cash flows. Such potential impairment charges and adverse operating metrics could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Supply of oil and natural gas is subject to factors beyond our control, which may adversely affect our operating results.

Productive capacity for oil and natural gas is dependent on our customers' decisions to develop and produce oil and natural gas reserves and on the regulatory environment in which our customers and we operate. The ability to produce oil and natural gas can be affected by the number and productivity of new wells drilled and completed, as well as the rate of production and resulting depletion of existing wells.

Currency fluctuations or devaluations may impact our operating results.

Fluctuations or devaluations in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar can impact our revenue and our costs of doing business and create volatility, as well as the costs of doing business of our customers.

Changes in economic and/or market conditions may impact our ability to borrow and/or cost of borrowing.

The condition of the capital markets and equity markets in general may affect the price of our common stock and our ability to obtain financing, if necessary. Although the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System cut interest rates in each of September, October and December 2025, further cuts are uncertain. Actions by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to raise interest rates could result in increased borrowing costs or make the cost of borrowing funds commercially unattractive. Furthermore, if our credit rating is downgraded, it could increase borrowing costs under credit facilities and issuances of commercial paper, as well as increase the cost of renewing or obtaining, or make it more difficult to renew, obtain, or issue new debt financing.

Baker Hughes Company 2025 Form 10-K | 28

RISKS RELATED TO OUR STOCK

The market price and trading volume of our Class A common stock may be volatile, which could result in rapid and substantial losses for our shareholders.

The market price of our Class A common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. In addition, the trading volume in our Class A common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. If the market price of our Class A common stock declines significantly, our shareholders may be unable to sell their shares of our Class A common stock at or above their purchase price, if at all. We cannot assure our shareholders that the market price of our Class A common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. Some of the factors that could negatively affect the price of our Class A common stock or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our Class A common stock include: variations in our quarterly operating results; failure to meet our earnings estimates; publication of research reports about us or our industry; additions or departures of our executive officers and other key management personnel; adverse market reaction to any indebtedness we may incur or securities we may issue in the future; actions by shareholders; changes in market valuations of similar companies; speculation in the press or investment community; changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations or differing interpretations thereof affecting our business or enforcement of these laws and regulations, or announcements relating to these matters; adverse publicity about our industry generally or individual scandals, specifically; and general market and economic conditions.

Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law might discourage or delay acquisition attempts for us that might be considered favorable.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a shareholder may consider favorable by permitting the Board to issue one or more series of preferred stock, requiring advance notice for shareholder proposals and nominations, and placing limitations on convening shareholder meetings. These provisions may also discourage acquisition proposals, delay, or prevent a change in control, which could harm our stock price.

Our fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our shareholders, which could limit our shareholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us.

Pursuant to our fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or (4) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our common stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing provision. The forum selection clause in our fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation may limit our shareholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us.

This exclusive forum provision applies to certain state law claims and will not apply to claims under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the Exchange Act. In addition, our shareholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. This choice of forum provision may limit a shareholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees.