As a leading investment management firm, risk is an inherent part of BlackRock’s business. Global markets, by their nature, are prone to uncertainty and subject
participants to a variety of risks. While BlackRock devotes significant resources across all of its operations to identify, measure, monitor, manage and analyze market, operating and compliance risks, BlackRock’s business, financial condition,
operating results and nonoperating results could be materially adversely affected and the Company’s stock price could decline as a result of any of these risks and uncertainties, including the ones discussed below. 

MARKET AND EXTERNAL RISKS 

Changes in the value levels of the
capital, commodities or currency markets or other asset classes could adversely impact revenues and earnings. 

BlackRock’s investment management
revenues are primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of assets under management (“AUM”) and, in some cases, performance fees normally expressed as a percentage of the returns in excess of a benchmark. Numerous
factors, including movements in equity, debt, commodity, real estate and alternative investment asset prices, interest rates or foreign exchange rates could cause: 

•

the value of AUM to decrease; 

•

the returns realized on AUM to decrease; 

•

clients to withdraw funds in favor of products that they perceive offer greater opportunity than BlackRock’s products;

16 

Table of Contents

•

clients to rebalance assets away from products that BlackRock manages into products that it may not manage; 

•

clients to rebalance assets away from products that earn higher fees into products with lower fees; and 

•

an impairment to the value of intangible assets and goodwill. 

The occurrence of any of these events could result in
lower investment advisory, management, administration and performance fees and cause the Company’s revenues and earnings to decline. 
Competitive fee
pressures could reduce revenues and profit margins. 

The investment management industry is highly competitive and has relatively low barriers to entry. To
the extent that BlackRock is forced to compete on the basis of price, fee reductions on existing or future new business could cause revenues and profit margins to decline. 

Failure of other financial institutions could adversely affect BlackRock’s earnings. 

The products and accounts that BlackRock manages have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and BlackRock routinely executes transactions with
counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, clearing organizations, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose BlackRock’s
products and accounts to credit risk in the event of default of its counterparty. While BlackRock regularly assesses risks posed by these counterparties, such counterparties may be subject to sudden swings in the financial and credit markets that
may impair their ability to perform. Such a failure could negatively impact the performance of BlackRock’s products and accounts, which could lead to the loss of clients and a decline in BlackRock’s revenues and earnings. 

The failure or negative performance of products of other financial institutions could lead to reduced AUM in similar products of BlackRock without
regard to the performance of BlackRock’s products. 

The failure or negative performance of products of other financial institutions could lead to a
loss of confidence in similar products of BlackRock without regard to the performance of BlackRock’s products. Such a negative perception could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products and have a material
adverse impact on the Company’s AUM, revenues and earnings. 
BlackRock’s investment advisory contracts may be terminated or may not be renewed by
clients and the liquidation of certain funds may be accelerated at the option of investors. 

Separate account and commingled trust clients may terminate
their investment management contracts with BlackRock or withdraw funds on short notice. The Company experiences routine turnover in commingled trust funds and separate accounts and could, in the future, lose significant AUM in funds and accounts due
to various circumstances such as adverse market conditions, fee competition or poor performance.

 Additionally, BlackRock manages its U.S. mutual funds, closed-end and exchange-traded funds under management contracts
with the funds that must be renewed and approved by the funds’ boards of directors annually and may be terminated by them without cause on short notice. Certain additional services, such as securities lending, also require approval by the
funds’ boards of directors annually. A majority of the directors of each such fund are independent from BlackRock. Consequently, there can be no assurance that the board of directors of each fund managed by the Company will not terminate
BlackRock or will approve the fund’s management contract each year or will not condition its approval on the terms of the management contract being revised in a way that is adverse to the Company. 

Further, the governing agreements of many of the Company’s private investment funds generally provide that, subject to certain conditions, investors in those
funds, and in some cases independent directors of those funds, may remove BlackRock as the investment adviser, general partner or the equivalent of the fund or liquidate the fund without cause by a simple majority vote, resulting in a reduction in
the management or performance fees as well as the total carried interest BlackRock could earn. 
Operating in international markets increases BlackRock’s
operational, regulatory and other risks. 

As a result of BlackRock’s extensive international business activities, the Company faces associated
operational, regulatory, reputational and foreign exchange rate risks. The failure of the Company’s systems of internal control to properly mitigate such additional risks, or of its operating infrastructure to support such international
activities, could result in operational failures and regulatory fines or sanctions, which could cause the Company’s earnings to decline. 
RISKS RELATED TO
BLACKROCK’S BUSINESS AND INTERNAL OPERATIONS 

Poor investment performance could lead to the loss of clients and a decline in revenues and earnings.

The Company’s management believes that investment performance, including the efficient delivery of beta for passively managed products, is one of the
most important factors for the growth and retention of AUM. Poor investment performance relative to applicable portfolio benchmarks or to competitors could reduce revenues and cause earnings to decline as a result of: 

•

existing clients withdrawing funds in favor of better performing products, which could result in lower investment advisory and administration fees; 

•

the diminishing ability to attract funds from existing and new clients; 

•

the Company earning minimal or no performance fees; and 

•

an impairment to the value of intangible assets and goodwill. 

Performance fees may increase volatility of both
revenue and earnings. 

A portion of BlackRock’s revenues is derived from performance fees on investment and risk management advisory assignments.
Performance fees represented 

17 

Table of Contents

$561 million, or 6%, of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2013. In most cases, performance fees are based on relative or absolute investment returns, although in some cases
they are based on achieving specific service standards. Generally, the Company is entitled to performance fees only if the returns on the related portfolios exceed agreed-upon periodic or cumulative return targets. If these targets are not exceeded,
performance fees for that period will not be earned and, if targets are based on cumulative returns, the Company may not earn performance fees in future periods. 

Changes in the value of seed and co-investments that BlackRock owns could affect BlackRock’s nonoperating income or earnings and could increase the
volatility of its earnings. 

At December 31, 2013, BlackRock’s net economic investment exposure of approximately $1.6 billion in its investments
(see “Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Investments”) primarily resulted from co-investments and seed investments in its sponsored investment funds. A decline in
the prices of equity or debt securities, or the value of real estate or other alternative investments could lower the value of these investments, increase the volatility of BlackRock’s earnings and, if such prices decline or BlackRock realizes
losses, could result in a decline in earnings. 
Additionally, the Company may generate realized and unrealized capital losses on such seed investments and
co-investments. U.S. Federal realized capital losses may be carried back three years and carried forward five years and offset against realized capital gains for federal income tax purposes. The Company has unrealized capital losses for which a
deferred tax asset has been established. In the event such unrealized losses are realized, the Company may not be able to offset such losses within the carryback or carryforward period or from future realized capital gains, in which case the
deferred tax asset will not be realized. The failure to utilize the deferred tax asset could materially increase BlackRock’s income tax expense. 

Failure to maintain adequate infrastructure and a technological advantage could lead to a loss of clients and could impede BlackRock’s productivity and
growth. 

The Company’s infrastructure, including its technological capacity, data centers, and office space, is vital to the competitiveness of its
business. The failure to maintain an adequate infrastructure commensurate with the size and scope of its business, including any expansion, or the outage or failure of existing infrastructure, could materially impact operations and impede the
Company’s productivity and growth, which could cause the Company’s earnings to decline or could impact the Company’s ability to comply with regulatory obligations leading to regulatory fines and sanctions. 

A key element to BlackRock’s continued success is the ability to maintain a technological advantage in providing the sophisticated risk analytics incorporated into
BlackRock’s Aladdin technology platform that support investment advisory and BRS clients. Moreover, the Company’s technological and software advantage is dependent on a number of third parties who provide various types of data and
software. The failure of these third parties to provide such data or software could result in operational difficulties

and adversely impact BlackRock’s ability to provide services to its investment advisory and BRS clients. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to maintain this
technological advantage or be able to effectively protect and enforce its intellectual property rights in these systems and processes. 
Failure to implement
effective information and cyber security policies, procedures and capabilities could disrupt operations and cause financial losses that could result in a decrease in BlackRock’s earnings. 

BlackRock is dependent on the effectiveness of its information and cyber security policies, procedures and capabilities to protect its computer and telecommunications
systems and the data that reside on or are transmitted through them. An externally caused information security incident, such as a hacker attack, virus or worm, or an internally caused issue, such as failure to control access to sensitive systems,
could materially interrupt business operations or cause disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential client or competitive information and could result in material financial loss, loss of competitive position, regulatory actions, breach
of client contracts, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, could cause a decline in the Company’s earnings. 
Failure to maintain
adequate business continuity plans could have a material adverse impact on BlackRock and its products. 

A significant portion of BlackRock’s critical
business operations is concentrated in a few geographic areas, including San Francisco, California, New York, New York and London, England. A major earthquake, hurricane, fire, terrorist act or other catastrophic event in any of these locations
could result in disruption to the business. The failure of the Company to maintain updated adequate business continuity plans, including secure backup facilities, systems and personnel could impede the Company’s ability to operate during, or
could effect, a disruption, which could cause the Company’s earnings to decline. 
Failure to maintain adequate liquidity for general business operations
could adversely impact BlackRock’s financial condition and growth prospects. 

BlackRock’s ability to meet anticipated cash needs depends upon a
number of factors, including its ability to maintain and grow AUM, its creditworthiness and operating cash flows. Failure to maintain adequate liquidity could lead to unanticipated costs and force BlackRock to revise existing strategic and business
initiatives. BlackRock’s access to capital markets and its ability to issue public or private debt on reasonable terms may be limited by adverse market conditions, a reduction in its long- or short-term credit ratings as well as changes in
government regulations, including tax and interest rates. Failure to obtain funds and/or financing could adversely impact BlackRock’s financial condition and prospects for growth. 

Failure to comply with client contractual requirements and/or guidelines could result in damage awards against BlackRock and loss of revenues due to client
terminations.

When clients retain BlackRock to manage assets or provide products or services on their behalf, they typically specify guidelines or
contractual requirements that the Company is required to observe in the provision of its services. A failure

18 

Table of Contents

to comply with these guidelines or contractual requirements could result in damage to BlackRock’s reputation or in its clients seeking to recover losses, withdrawing their assets or
terminating their contracts, any of which could cause the Company’s AUM, revenues and earnings to decline. 
Failure to identify errors in the
quantitative models BlackRock utilizes to manage its business could adversely impact product performance and client relationships. 

BlackRock employs
various quantitative models to support its investment decisions and allocations, including those related to risk assessment, portfolio management, trading and hedging activities and product valuations. Any errors in the underlying models or model
assumptions could have unanticipated and adverse consequences on BlackRock’s business and reputation. 
The determination to provide support to
particular products from time to time may reduce earnings or other investments in the business. 

BlackRock may, at its option, from time to time support
investment products through capital or credit support or indemnifications. Such support and indemnifications utilize capital that would otherwise be available for other corporate purposes. Losses or prohibitions on such support and indemnifications,
or failure to have or devote sufficient capital to support products, could have an adverse impact on revenues and earnings. 
Failure to manage risks in
operating BlackRock’s securities lending program for clients could lead to a loss of clients and a decline in revenues and liquidity. 

On behalf of
certain clients, BlackRock lends securities to banks and broker-dealers. In these securities lending transactions, the borrower is required to provide and maintain collateral at or above regulatory minimums. Securities on loan are marked to market
daily to determine if the borrower is required to pledge additional collateral. BlackRock must manage risks associated with (i) ensuring that the value of the collateral held against the securities on loan does not decline in value or become
illiquid and that its nature and value complies with regulatory requirements and investment requirements; (ii) the potential that a borrower defaults or does not return a loaned security on a timely basis; and (iii) errors in the
settlement of securities, daily mark-to-market valuations and collateral collection. The failure of the Company’s controls to mitigate these risks could result in financial losses for the Company’s clients that participate in its
securities lending programs as well as for the Company. 
The determination to provide securities lending indemnifications may reduce earnings or other
investments in the business. 

BlackRock has issued certain indemnifications to certain securities lending clients against potential loss resulting from a
borrower’s failure to fulfill its obligations should the value of the collateral pledged by the borrower at the time of a potential default be insufficient to cover the borrower’s obligations under the securities lending agreement. These
indemnifications cover only the collateral shortfall, and do not guarantee, assume or otherwise insure the investment performance or return of any cash collateral vehicle into which securities lending cash collateral is invested. The amount of
securities on loan as of December 31, 2013 and subject to

indemnification was $118.3 billion. BlackRock held, as agent, cash and securities totaling $124.6 billion as collateral for indemnified securities on loan at December 31, 2013. BlackRock
expects indemnified balances to continue to increase over time. The failure of the Company to mitigate these risks could result in financial losses for the Company’s clients that participate in its securities lending programs as well as for the
Company. 
Failure to establish adequate controls and risk management policies, or fraud, or the circumvention of controls and policies, could have an adverse
effect on BlackRock’s reputation and financial position. 

Although BlackRock has adopted a comprehensive risk management process and continues to
enhance various controls, procedures, policies and systems to monitor and manage risks, it cannot assure that such controls, procedures, policies and systems will successfully identify and manage internal and external risks to its businesses.
BlackRock is subject to the risk that its employees, contractors or other third parties may deliberately seek to circumvent established controls to commit fraud or act in ways that are inconsistent with the Company’s controls, policies and
procedures. Persistent or repeated attempts involving fraud, conflicts of interests or circumvention of policies and controls could have a materially adverse impact on BlackRock’s reputation and could lead to costly regulatory inquiries. 

Additional acquisitions may decrease earnings and harm the Company’s competitive position if not successful. 

BlackRock employs a variety of strategies intended to enhance earnings and expand product offerings in order to improve profit margins. These strategies have included
hiring smaller-sized investment teams, acquisitions of investment management businesses, such as MGPA and Credit Suisse’s ETF franchise, and other small and medium-sized strategic acquisitions to expand geographical reach, access new clients or
pursue other business and financial opportunities. These strategies may not be effective, and failure to successfully develop and implement these strategies may decrease earnings and harm certain aspects of the Company’s competitive position in
the investment management industry. These strategic transactions also involve a number of financial accounting, tax, regulatory and operational challenges and uncertainties, including the assumption of pre-existing liabilities, and failure to
identify and mitigate associated risks through due diligence and indemnification provisions could adversely impact BlackRock’s earnings and reputation. In the event BlackRock pursues additional acquisitions, it may not be able to find suitable
businesses to acquire at acceptable prices, and it may not be able to successfully integrate or realize the intended benefits from such acquisitions. 
The
development of new products and services may expose BlackRock to additional costs or operational risk

. 

BlackRock’s financial
performance depends, in part, on its ability to develop, market and manage new investment products and services. The development and introduction of new products and services may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and
investment. Substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, shifting client and market preferences, the

19 

Table of Contents

introduction of competing products or services and compliance with regulatory requirements. Failure to successfully manage these risks may cause BlackRock’s revenues and costs to fluctuate
and could have an adverse impact on its business and reputation. 
Loss of employees could lead to the loss of clients and a decline in revenues. 

The ability to attract and retain quality personnel has contributed significantly to BlackRock’s growth and success and is important to attracting and retaining
clients. The market for qualified fund managers, investment analysts, financial advisers and other professionals is competitive. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in its efforts to recruit and retain required personnel.
Loss of personnel could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
RISKS RELATED TO KEY RELATIONSHIPS 

The failure of a key vendor to BlackRock to fulfill its obligations could have a material adverse effect on BlackRock and its products. 

BlackRock depends on a number of key vendors for various fund administration, accounting, custody, risk analytics, market data, market indices and transfer agent roles
and other operational needs. The failure or inability of BlackRock to diversify its sources for key services or the failure of any key vendors to fulfill their obligations could lead to operational and regulatory issues for the Company and in
certain of its products, which could result in reputational harm and financial losses for the Company. 
Bank of America/Merrill Lynch is an important
distributor of BlackRock’s products, and the Company is, therefore, subject to risks associated with the business of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. 

Under a global distribution agreement entered into with Merrill Lynch in 2006, Merrill Lynch, which merged with Bank of America on January 1, 2009, provides
distribution, portfolio administration and servicing for certain BlackRock investment management products and services through its various distribution channels. The Company may not be successful in distributing products through Merrill Lynch or in
distributing its products and services through other third-party distributors. If BlackRock is unable to distribute its products and services successfully or if it experiences an increase in distribution-related costs, BlackRock’s business,
results of operations or financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 
Loss of market share within Merrill Lynch’s Global
Wealth & Investment Management business could harm operating results. 

A significant portion of BlackRock’s revenue has historically come from
AUM generated by Merrill Lynch’s Global Wealth & Investment Management (“GWIM”) business. BlackRock’s ability to maintain a strong relationship within GWIM is material to the Company’s future performance. If one of
the Company’s competitors gains significant additional market share within the GWIM retail channel at the expense of BlackRock, then BlackRock’s business, results of operations or financial condition may be negatively impacted.

 PNC has agreed to vote as a stockholder in accordance with the recommendation of BlackRock’s Board of
Directors, and certain actions will require special board approval or the prior approval of PNC. 

As discussed in our proxy statement, PNC has agreed to
vote all of its voting shares in accordance with the recommendation of BlackRock’s Board of Directors in accordance with the provisions of its stockholder agreement with BlackRock. As a consequence, if the shares held by PNC constitute a
substantial portion of the outstanding voting shares, matters submitted to a stockholder vote that require a majority or a plurality of votes for approval, including elections of directors, will have a substantial number of shares voted in
accordance with the determination of the BlackRock Board of Directors. This arrangement has the effect of concentrating a significant block of voting control over BlackRock in its Board of Directors, whether or not stockholders agree with any
particular determination of the Board. At December 31, 2013, PNC owned approximately 20.9% of BlackRock’s voting common stock. 
As discussed in our proxy
statement, pursuant to our stockholder agreement with PNC, the following may not be done without prior approval of all of the independent directors, or at least two-thirds of the directors, then in office: 

•

appointment of a new Chief Executive Officer of BlackRock; 

•

any merger, issuance of shares or similar transaction in which beneficial ownership of a majority of the total voting power of BlackRock capital stock would be held by persons different than those currently holding such
majority of the total voting power, or any sale of all or substantially all assets of BlackRock; 

•

any acquisition of any person or business which has a consolidated net income after taxes for its preceding fiscal year that equals or exceeds 20% of BlackRock’s consolidated net income after taxes for its
preceding fiscal year if such acquisition involves the current or potential issuance of BlackRock capital stock constituting more than 10% of the total voting power of BlackRock capital stock issued and outstanding immediately after completion of
such acquisition; 

•

any acquisition of any person or business constituting a line of business that is materially different from the lines of business BlackRock and its controlled affiliates are engaged in at that time if such acquisition
involves consideration in excess of 10% of the total assets of BlackRock on a consolidated basis; 

•

except for repurchases otherwise permitted under the stockholder agreement, any repurchase by BlackRock or any subsidiary of shares of BlackRock capital stock such that after giving effect to such repurchase BlackRock
and its subsidiaries shall have repurchased more than 10% of the total voting power of BlackRock capital stock within the 12-month period ending on the date of such repurchase; 

•

any amendment to BlackRock’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws; or 

•

any matter requiring stockholder approval pursuant to the rules of the NYSE. 

20 

Table of Contents

 Additionally, BlackRock may not enter into any of the following transactions without the prior approval of PNC: 

•

any sale of any subsidiary of BlackRock, the annualized revenues of which, together with the annualized revenues of any other subsidiaries disposed of within the same year, are more than 20% of the annualized revenues
of BlackRock for the preceding fiscal year on a consolidated basis; 

•

for so long as BlackRock is a subsidiary of PNC for purposes of the BHC Act, entering into any business or activity that is prohibited for any such subsidiary under the BHC Act; 

•

any amendment of any provision of a stockholder agreement between BlackRock and any stockholder beneficially owning greater than 20% of BlackRock capital stock that would be viewed by a reasonable person as being
adverse to PNC or materially more favorable to the rights of any stockholder beneficially owning greater than 20% of BlackRock capital stock than to PNC; 

•

any amendment, modification, repeal or waiver of BlackRock’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws that would be viewed by a reasonable person as being adverse to the rights of PNC or more favorable to the rights
of any stockholder beneficially owning greater than 20% of BlackRock capital stock, or any settlement or consent in a regulatory enforcement matter that would be reasonably likely to cause PNC or any of its affiliates to suffer regulatory
disqualification, suspension of registration or license or other material adverse regulatory consequences; or 

•

a voluntary bankruptcy or similar filing by BlackRock. 

PNC owns a large portion of BlackRock’s capital
stock. Future sales of our common stock in the public market by the Company or PNC could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

As of
December 31, 2013, PNC owned 21.9% of the Company’s capital stock. The Company has entered into a registration rights agreement with PNC. The registration rights agreement provides PNC with the right to cause us to file one or more
registration statements for the resale of its shares of capital stock and cooperate in certain underwritten offerings. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market pursuant to registration rights or otherwise, or
the perception that these sales might occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 

BlackRock is subject to extensive regulation in the United States and internationally. 

BlackRock’s business is subject to extensive regulation in the United States and around the world. See the discussion under “Item 1 – Business –
Regulation.” New laws or regulations, or changes in enforcement of existing laws or regulations in the United States or internationally, could adversely impact the scope or profitability of BlackRock’s business activities. Violation of
applicable laws or regulations could result in fines, temporary or permanent prohibition of the engagement in certain activities, reputational harm and related client terminations,

suspensions of personnel or revocation of their licenses or bank charter, suspension or termination of investment adviser, broker-dealer or other registrations, or other sanctions, which could
have a material adverse effect on BlackRock’s reputation, business, results of operations or financial condition and cause the Company’s earnings to decline. 

BlackRock may be adversely impacted by legal and regulatory changes required under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and other U.S.
regulatory reform initiatives. 

As previously mentioned, in July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the
“DFA”) was signed into law. The DFA is expansive in scope and requires the adoption of extensive regulations and numerous regulatory decisions in order to be implemented. The adoption of these regulations and decisions will in large
measure determine the impact of the DFA on BlackRock. BlackRock is continuing to review what impact the legislation and related rule-making will have on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The DFA charges the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”) with establishing enhanced regulatory requirements for nonbank
financial institutions designated as “systemically important” by the Financial Stability Oversight Council (“FSOC”). Should BlackRock be designated a systemically important financial institution (a “SIFI”), it could be
subject to these enhanced prudential, capital, supervisory and other requirements, which, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely impact BlackRock’s business and operations. 

The DFA and its regulations could adversely impact the scope or profitability of BlackRock’s business activities, could require BlackRock to change certain
business practices and could expose BlackRock to additional costs (including compliance and tax costs). 
Provisions of the DFA referred to as the “Volcker
Rule” created a new section of the BHC Act that places limitations on the ability of banks and their subsidiaries to engage in proprietary trading and to invest in and transact with certain private investment funds, including hedge funds,
private equity funds and funds of funds (collectively “covered funds”). Final regulations implementing the Volcker Rule were issued on December 10, 2013; entities subject to the Volcker Rule must conform their activities to the
requirements of the final implementing regulations no later than July 21, 2015, subject to the granting of extensions that are available in limited circumstances. Because BlackRock is treated as a non-bank subsidiary of PNC under the Federal
Reserve’s current interpretation of the BHC Act, BlackRock will be required to comply with the Volcker Rule. The Volcker Rule will limit BlackRock’s ability to invest in covered funds, require BlackRock to remove its name from the name of
its covered funds, and limit investments in covered funds by BlackRock employees, among other restrictions. Depending on the availability of statutory extensions, BlackRock could be required to sell certain seed and co-investments that it holds,
including at a discount, depending on market conditions. These limitations and restrictions could disadvantage BlackRock against competitors that are not subject to the Volcker Rule in our ability to attract clients into BlackRock covered funds and
to retain employees. Finally, the restrictions on proprietary 

21 

Table of Contents

trading in the Volcker Rule could impact the ability of our trading counterparties to make markets and provide liquidity in certain securities, which could have a negative impact on our ability
to manage funds and client accounts that transact in those securities. 
Further, the full implementation of regulations under the DFA relating to regulation of
swaps and derivatives could impact the manner by which BlackRock-advised funds and accounts use and trade swaps and other derivatives, and could significantly increase the costs of derivatives trading conducted by BlackRock on behalf of its clients.
BlackRock will also need to build new compliance mechanisms to monitor compliance with SEC and Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) rules concerning, among other things, the registration and regulation of commodity pool operators
and commodity trading advisors (and the accompanying registration and regulation of such entities by the National Futures Association), the applicability of CFTC rules and regulations to offshore funds, accounts and counterparties, and requirements
to centrally clear certain swap transactions and to execute certain swap transaction only on or through CFTC-registered trading venues. BlackRock, on behalf of its clients, is also preparing for the implementation of trade reporting, documentation,
and mandated central clearing of swaps requirements in the EU and other jurisdictions globally. Inconsistencies and potential contradictions in the rules adopted by various global regulators will increase the operational and legal risks associated
with trading in derivatives. 
In addition, BlackRock has begun reporting certain information about a number of its private funds to the SEC and certain information
about a number of its commodity pools to the CFTC, pursuant to systemic risk reporting requirements adopted by both agencies, which have required, and will continue to require, investments in people and systems to assure timely and accurate
reporting. 
The SEC, the Internal Revenue Service and the CFTC each continue to review the use of futures and derivatives by mutual funds, which could result in
regulations that further limit the use of such instruments by mutual funds. If adopted, these limitations could require BlackRock to change certain mutual fund business practices or to register additional entities with the CFTC, which could result
in additional costs and/or restrictions. 
The SEC has recently promulgated new rules that give effect to a section of the DFA that requires municipal advisors (as
that term is defined in the statute) to register with the SEC. The new rules require entities that provide certain types of advice to, or on behalf of, or solicit municipal entities or certain other persons, to register with the SEC and the
Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (“MSRB”) as municipal advisors, thereby subjecting those entities to new or additional regulation by the SEC and MSRB. BlackRock is reviewing what impact the new rules will have on its business,
financial condition and results of operation. 
The foregoing regulatory changes, and other reforms globally, could also lead to business disruptions, could
adversely impact the value of assets in which BlackRock has invested on behalf of clients and/or via seed or co-investments, and, to the extent the regulations strictly control the activities of financial services firms, could make it more difficult
for BlackRock to conduct certain business activities or distinguish itself from competitors. See “Item 1

– Business” above for additional information regarding certain laws and regulations that affect BlackRock’s business. 

BlackRock may be adversely impacted by legal and regulatory changes related to money market mutual funds. 

Regulatory authorities, including the SEC, the FSOC and the International Organization of Securities Commissions, continue to focus on the need for additional
regulations for money market mutual funds. In June 2013, the SEC issued for public comment a proposal to reform the regulatory structure governing money market funds and address the perceived systemic risks that money market funds present. The
SEC’s proposal also proposes many other changes to disclosure and portfolio construction requirements for money market funds. If adopted by the SEC, these reform proposals could significantly affect money market fund products and the entire
money market fund industry. In light of the uncertainty regarding what changes may ultimately be adopted in a final SEC rule, the Company cannot predict what investor appetite will be for money market mutual fund products following the adoption of
any such reforms or the impact of such reforms on BlackRock. 
Failure to comply with the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the “Advisers Act”) or
the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Investment Company Act”) and related regulations could result in substantial harm to BlackRock’s reputation and results of operations. 

Certain BlackRock subsidiaries are registered with the SEC under the Advisers Act and BlackRock’s U.S. mutual funds, closed-end funds and exchange-traded funds are
registered with the SEC under the Investment Company Act. The Advisers Act imposes numerous obligations and fiduciary duties on registered investment advisers, including record-keeping, operating and marketing requirements, disclosure obligations
and prohibitions on self-dealing. The Investment Company Act imposes similar obligations, as well as additional detailed operational and compliance requirements on investment advisers to registered investment companies. The failure of any of
BlackRock’s relevant subsidiaries to comply with the Advisers Act or the Investment Company Act could cause the SEC to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations of either of these acts, including censure, termination of an
investment adviser’s registration or prohibition to serve as adviser to SEC-registered funds, and could lead to litigation by investors in those funds or harm to the Company’s reputation, any of which could cause its earnings to decline.

Failure to comply with ERISA regulations could result in penalties and cause the Company’s earnings to decline. 

Certain BlackRock subsidiaries are subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (“ERISA”) and to regulations promulgated thereunder, insofar
as they act as a “fiduciary” under ERISA with respect to benefit plan clients. ERISA and applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code impose duties on persons who are fiduciaries under ERISA, prohibit specified transactions involving
ERISA plan clients and provide monetary penalties for violations of these prohibitions. The failure of any of BlackRock’s relevant subsidiaries to comply with these requirements could result in significant penalties that could reduce the
Company’s earnings to decline. 

22 

Table of Contents

 BlackRock is subject to banking regulations that may limit its business activities. 

As described in “Item 1-Business”, PNC owns approximately 22% of BlackRock’s capital stock. Based on the Federal Reserve’s current interpretation of
the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the “BHC Act”), this ownership interest causes BlackRock to be treated as a non-bank subsidiary of PNC for purposes of the BHC Act. As a non-bank subsidiary of PNC, BlackRock is subject to banking
regulation, including the supervision and regulation of the Federal Reserve. Such banking regulation limits the activities and the types of businesses that BlackRock may conduct. The Federal Reserve has broad enforcement authority over BlackRock,
including the power to prohibit BlackRock from conducting any activity that, in the Federal Reserve’s opinion, is unauthorized or constitutes an unsafe or unsound practice, and to impose substantial fines and other penalties for violations. PNC
is regulated as a “financial holding company” under the BHC Act, which allows PNC and BlackRock to engage in a much broader set of activities than would otherwise be permitted under the BHC Act; any failure of PNC to maintain its status as
a financial holding company could result in substantial limitations on certain BlackRock activities and its growth. Furthermore, the Volcker Rule, which is a part of the BHC Act, will affect the method by which BlackRock invests in and operates its
private investment funds, including private equity funds, hedge funds and funds of funds. BlackRock’s trust bank subsidiary is also subject to regulation by the OCC, and is subject to capital requirements established by the OCC. The OCC has
broad enforcement authority over BlackRock’s trust bank subsidiary. Being subject to banking regulation, including the Volcker Rule, may put BlackRock at a competitive disadvantage because most of its competitors are not subject to these
limitations. 
Failure to comply with laws and regulations in the European Union in which BlackRock operates could result in substantial harm to
BlackRock’s reputation and results of operations. 

In the aftermath of the financial crisis, the European Commission set out a detailed plan for EU
financial reform, outlining a number of initiatives to be reflected in new or updated directives, regulations and recommendations of which the review of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (“MiFID”) was a part. These, together
with the changes introduced by the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”), will have direct and indirect effects on BlackRock’s operations in the European Economic Area, including increased compliance, disclosure and
other obligations, which could adversely impact BlackRock’s ability to expand in these markets. 
The Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”)
regulates BlackRock’s subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and branches in the European Union and the Prudential Regulation Authority the (“PRA”) also regulates one BlackRock subsidiary in the United Kingdom. Authorization by the FCA
and/or the PRA is required to conduct any financial services related business in the United Kingdom under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. BlackRock’s U.K. subsidiaries require authorization by the FCA under the Financial Services
and Markets Act 2000 in order to conduct their financial services-related business in the United Kingdom. The FCA’s rules govern the Company’s U.K.-regulated subsidiaries’ capital resources requirements,

senior management arrangements, conduct of business, interaction with clients and systems and controls, while the rules of the PRA focus solely on the prudential requirements imposed on firms.
Breaches of these rules may result in a wide range of disciplinary actions against the Company’s U.K.-regulated subsidiaries or employees. 
In addition, these
subsidiaries, and other European subsidiaries, branches or representative offices, must comply with the pan-European regime established by MiFID, which regulates the provision of investment services and activities throughout the EEA, as well as the
Capital Requirements Directive, which delineates regulatory capital requirements. As discussed under “Item 1 - Business - Regulation,” in the aftermath of the financial crisis the European Commission adopted a detailed plan to
complete the EU’s financial reform, outlining a number of initiatives to be reflected in new or updated directives, regulations and recommendations. The AIFMD has been implemented in some EU countries, including the United Kingdom, Ireland,
France, Germany, the Netherlands and Luxembourg, but several other EU member states are still in various stages of the adoption process. Compliance with the AIFMD’s requirements is likely to restrict marketing by funds subject to the AIFMD and
place additional compliance and disclosure obligations regarding remuneration, capital requirements, leverage, valuation, stakes in EU companies, depositaries, the domicile of custodians and liquidity management. In addition, UCITS IV was adopted
into national law of each EU member state (except Portugal). 
There are also European Commission consultations in process that are intended to improve retail
investor protection including: (i) UCITS V, which addresses, among other items, custodial liability and remuneration of UCITS managers, which are intended to be consistent with the equivalent provisions of the AIFMD; (ii) UCITS VI, which
will address, among other items, the eligible assets which a UCITS fund can invest in, efficient portfolio management techniques and extraordinary liquidity management tools; and (iii) Regulation on Money Market Funds (“MMFs”), which
will introduce new regulatory measures that will apply to European MMFs. The European Commission’s proposals on packaged retail investment products (“PRIPs”) are to be implemented through the strengthening of MiFID standards (for
non-insurance PRIPs), revisions to the Insurance Mediation Directive’s selling standard (for all insurance-based PRIPs) and new investor disclosure requirements for all PRIPs through a separate EU legislative process, which is expected to be
adopted in 2014 and come into effect in 2016. In the United Kingdom, the Bribery Act 2010 came into force in July 2011 and has required the implementation of additional procedures on the Company’s U.K.-regulated subsidiaries. 

In addition, rules introduced in the United Kingdom following a retail distribution review initiated by the FCA’s predecessor, the Financial Services Authority,
changed how investment advice is paid for in the United Kingdom for all retail investment products. Regulation (EU) no 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of July 4, 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade
repositories (“EMIR”), was adopted in August 2012, and requires (i) the central clearing of standardized OTC derivatives, (ii) the application of risk-mitigation techniques to non-centrally cleared OTC derivatives and
(iii) the reporting of all derivative contracts from February 2014. Finally, the CRD IV package of reforms on prudential requirements for credit institutions and

23 

Table of Contents

investment firms, which became effective on January 1, 2014, will have direct and indirect impacts on the Company’s EU-regulated subsidiaries. 

Failure to comply with laws and regulations in the Asia-Pacific region and other non-U.S. jurisdictions in which BlackRock operates could result in substantial
harm to BlackRock’s reputation and results of operations. 

In Japan, a BlackRock subsidiary is subject to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law
(the “FIEL”) and the Law Concerning Investment Trusts and Investment Corporations. These laws are administered and enforced by the Japanese Financial Services Agency (the “JFSA”), which establishes standards for compliance,
including capital adequacy and financial soundness requirements, customer protection requirements and conduct of business rules. The JFSA is empowered to conduct administrative proceedings that can result in censure, fines, the issuance of cease and
desist orders or the suspension or revocation of registrations and licenses granted under the FIEL. In addition, the BlackRock subsidiary has recently obtained a license for real estate broker business from the Tokyo governor and, therefore, must
comply with various regulations set forth in the Real Estate Brokerage Business Act. 
In Australia, BlackRock’s subsidiaries are subject to various Australian
federal and state laws and certain subsidiaries are regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”). ASIC regulates companies and financial services in Australia and is responsible for promoting investor,
creditor and consumer protection. Failure to comply with applicable law and regulations could result in the cancellation, suspension or variation of the relevant subsidiaries’ licenses in Australia. 

The activities of certain BlackRock subsidiaries in Hong Kong are subject to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”), which governs the securities
and futures markets and regulates, among others, offers of investments to the public and provides for the licensing of intermediaries. The SFO is administered by the Securities and Futures Commission (the “SFC”). The SFC is also empowered
under the SFO to establish standards for compliance as well as codes and guidelines. The relevant BlackRock subsidiaries and the employees conducting any of the regulated activities specified in the SFO are required to be licensed with the SFC, and
are subject to the rules, codes and guidelines issued by the SFC from time to time. Failure to comply with the SFO and other applicable laws, regulations, codes and guidelines issued by the SFC could result in penalties, sanctions and the suspension
or revocations of the licenses granted by the SFC. 
There are similar legal and regulatory arrangements in force in many other non-U.S. jurisdictions where
BlackRock’s subsidiaries conduct business or where the funds and products it manages are organized. Failure to comply with laws and regulations in any of these jurisdictions could result in substantial harm to BlackRock’s reputation and
results of operation and result in fines or sanctions for BlackRock or its employees. 
Failure to comply with ownership reporting requirements could result
in harm to BlackRock’s reputation and results of operations. 

Of note among the various international regulations to which BlackRock is subject, are
the extensive and increasingly

stringent regulatory reporting requirements that necessitate the monitoring and reporting of issuer exposure levels (thresholds) across the holdings of managed funds and accounts and those of the
Company. The specific triggers and the reporting methods that these threshold filings entail vary significantly by regulator and across jurisdictions. BlackRock continues to invest in technology, training and personnel to enhance its
monitoring and reporting functions and improve the timeliness and accuracy of its disclosures. Despite these investments, the complexity of the various threshold reporting requirements combined with the breadth of the assets managed by the
Company and high volume of securities trading pose a risk that errors or omissions will occasionally occur, which could have an adverse effect on BlackRock’s reputation and results of operation. 

Changes in U.S. and non-U.S. tax laws and regulations or challenges to BlackRock’s tax positions with respect to historical transactions may adversely
affect BlackRock’s effective tax rate, business and overall financial condition. 

BlackRock’s businesses may be directly or indirectly affected by
new tax legislation and regulation, or the modification of existing tax laws and regulations by U.S. or non-U.S. authorities. The Company manages significant assets in products and accounts that have specific tax and after-tax related objectives,
which could be adversely impacted by changes in tax policy, particularly with respect to U.S. municipal income, the U.S. individual income tax rate on qualified dividends and, globally, alternative products. 

Additionally, any new legislation, modification or interpretation of tax laws could also impact BlackRock’s corporate tax position. The application of complex tax
regulations involves numerous uncertainties and in the normal course of business U.S. and non-U.S. tax authorities may review and challenge tax positions adopted by BlackRock. These challenges may result in adjustments to, or impact the timing or
amount of, taxable income, deductions or other tax allocations, which may adversely affect BlackRock’s effective tax rate and overall financial condition. 

Legal proceedings could adversely affect operating results, financial condition and cash flows for a particular period. 

Many aspects of BlackRock’s business involve substantial risks of legal liability. The Company, certain of its subsidiaries and employees have been named as
defendants in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation arising in connection with BlackRock’s activities. Certain BlackRock subsidiaries are subject to periodic examination, special inquiries and
potential proceedings’ by regulatory authorities, including the SEC, OCC, DOL, CFTC and FCA. These examinations, inquiries and proceedings could if compliance failures or other violations are found, cause the SEC to institute proceedings and
impose sanctions for violations, including censure, termination of an investment adviser’s registration or prohibition to serve as adviser to SEC-registered funds, and could lead to litigation by investors in those funds or harm to the
Company’s reputation, any of which could cause its earnings to decline. From time to time, BlackRock receives subpoenas or other requests for information from various U.S. and non-U.S. governmental and regulatory authorities in connection with
certain industry-wide, company-specific or other investigations or proceedings. Additionally, certain of the

24 

Table of Contents

investment funds that the Company manages are subject to lawsuits, any of which could potentially harm the investment returns of the applicable fund or result in the Company being liable to the
funds for any resulting damages.