Any of
the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations.

There
can be no assurance that the acquisition of certain AB InBev plants, or any
other acquisition, will be successfully integrated into the acquiring company
(see Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements within Item 8 of
this report for details of the acquisition).

While we
have what we believe to be well designed integration plans, if we cannot
successfully integrate the acquired operations with those of Ball, we may
experience material negative consequences to our business, financial condition
or results of operations. The integration of companies that have previously been
operated separately involves a number of risks, including, but not limited
to:

 ●  

 demands
 on management related to the increase in our size after the
 acquisition;

 ●  

 the
 diversion of management’s attention from the management of existing
 operations to the integration of the acquired
 operations;

 ●  

 difficulties
 in the assimilation and retention of
employees;

 ●  

 difficulties
 in the integration of departments, systems, including accounting systems,
 technologies, books and records and procedures, as well as in maintaining
 uniform standards, controls (including internal accounting controls),
 procedures and policies;

 ●  

 expenses
 related to any undisclosed or potential liabilities;
 and

 ●  

 retention
 of major customers and suppliers.

We may
not be able to achieve potential synergies or maintain the levels of revenue,
earnings or operating efficiency that each business had achieved or might
achieve separately. The successful integration of the acquired operations will
depend on our ability to manage those operations, realize revenue opportunities
and, to some degree, eliminate redundant and excess costs.

The
loss of a key customer, or a reduction in its requirements, could have a
significant negative impact on our sales.

We sell a
majority of our packaging products to relatively few major beverage, packaged
food and household product companies, some of which operate in North America,
South America, Europe and Asia.

Although
the majority of our customer contracts are long-term, these contracts are
terminable under certain circumstances, such as our failure to meet quality,
volume or market pricing requirements. Because we depend on relatively few major
customers, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be
adversely affected by the loss of any of these customers, a reduction in the
purchasing levels of these customers, a strike or work stoppage by a significant
number of these customers' employees or an adverse change in the terms of the
supply agreements with these customers.

The
primary customers for our aerospace segment are U.S. government agencies or
their prime contractors. Our contracts with these customers are subject to
several risks, including funding cuts and delays, technical uncertainties,
budget changes, competitive activity and changes in scope.

We
face competitive risks from many sources that may negatively impact our
profitability.

Competition
within the packaging industry is intense. Increases in productivity, combined
with existing or potential surplus capacity in the industry, have maintained
competitive pricing pressures. The principal methods of competition in the
general packaging industry are price, service and quality. Some of our
competitors may have greater financial, technical and marketing resources. Our
current or potential competitors may offer products at a lower price or products
that are deemed superior to ours. The global economic environment may result in
reductions in demand for our products, which, in turn, could increase these
competitive pressures.

We
are subject to competition from alternative products, which could result in
lower profits and reduced cash flows.

Our metal
packaging products are subject to significant competition from substitute
products, particularly plastic carbonated soft drink bottles made from PET,
single serve beer bottles and other food and beverage containers made of glass,
cardboard or other materials. Competition from plastic carbonated soft drink
bottles is particularly intense in the United States, the United Kingdom and the
PRC. Certain of our aerospace products are also subject to competition from
alternative solutions. There can be no assurance that our products will
successfully compete against alternative products, which could result in a
reduction in our profits or cash flow.

 Page 8 of
97

We
have a narrow product range, and our business would suffer if usage of our
products decreased.

For the
12 months ended December 31, 2009, 63 percent of our consolidated net
sales were from the sale of metal beverage cans, and we expect to derive a
significant portion of our future revenues and cash flows from the sale of metal
beverage cans. Our business would suffer if the use of metal beverage cans
decreased. Accordingly, broad acceptance by consumers of aluminum and steel cans
for a wide variety of beverages is critical to our future success. If demand for
glass and PET bottles increases relative to cans, or the demand for aluminum and
steel cans does not develop as expected, our business, financial condition or
results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Changes
in laws and governmental regulations may adversely affect our business and
operations.

We and
our customers and suppliers are subject to various federal, state and provincial
laws and regulations. Each of our, and their, plants is subject to federal,
state, provincial and local licensing and regulation by health, environmental,
workplace safety and other agencies. Requirements of governmental authorities
with respect to manufacturing, product content and safety, climate change,
workplace safety and health, and environmental and other standards could
adversely affect our ability to manufacture or sell our products. In addition,
we face risks arising from compliance with and enforcement of increasingly
numerous and complex federal, state and provincial laws and
regulations.

Our
operations in the U.S. are subject to the Fair Labor Standards Act, which
governs such matters as minimum wages, overtime and other working conditions,
family leave mandates and similar state laws that govern these and other
employment law matters. The U.S. federal government has proposed sweeping
changes to laws affecting the health care of all Americans, including our
employees, as well as new or changing laws or regulations relating to union
organizing rights and activities that may impact our operations and increase our
cost of labor. Significant environmental legislation and regulatory changes are
also being considered. The compliance costs associated with current and proposed
laws and evolving regulations could be substantial, and any failure or alleged
failure to comply with these laws or regulations could lead to litigation, all
of which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of
operations.

Our
business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to risks
resulting from increased international operations.

We
derived approximately 30 percent of our consolidated net sales from outside
of the U.S. for the year ended December 31, 2009. This sizeable scope of
international operations may lead to more volatile financial results and make it
more difficult for us to manage our business. Reasons for this include, but are
not limited to, the following:

 ●  

 political
 and economic instability in foreign
markets;

 ●  

 foreign
 governments' restrictive trade
policies;

 ●  

 the
 imposition of duties, taxes or government
 royalties;

 ●  

 foreign
 exchange rate risks;

 ●  

 difficulties
 in enforcement of contractual obligations and intellectual property
 rights; and

 ●  

 the
 geographic, language and cultural differences between personnel in
 different areas of the world.

Any of
these factors, some of which are also present in the U.S., could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of
operations.

We
are exposed to exchange rate fluctuations.

Our
reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. Historically, Ball's foreign operations,
including assets and liabilities and revenues and expenses, have been
denominated in various currencies other than the U.S. dollar, and we expect that
our foreign operations will continue to be so denominated. As a result, the U.S.
dollar value of Ball's foreign operations has varied, and will continue to vary,
with exchange rate fluctuations. Ball has been, and is presently, primarily
exposed to fluctuations in the exchange rate of the euro, British pound,
Canadian dollar, Polish zloty, Chinese renminbi, Brazilian real, Argentine peso
and Serbian dinar.

A
decrease in the value of any of these currencies, especially the euro, British
pound, Polish zloty, Chinese renminbi and Canadian dollar, relative to the U.S.
dollar, could reduce our profits from foreign operations and the value of the
net assets of our foreign operations when reported in U.S. dollars in our
financial statements. This could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations as reported in U.S. dollars. In
addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to currencies in which the
earnings are generated may make it more difficult to perform period-to-period
comparisons of our reported results of operations.

 Page 9 of
97

We manage
our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, particularly our exposure to
fluctuations in the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate, in order to attempt to
mitigate the effect of foreign cash flow and earnings volatility associated with
foreign exchange rate changes. We primarily use forward contracts and options to
manage our foreign currency exposures and, as a result, we experience gains and
losses on these derivative positions offset, in part, by the impact of currency
fluctuations on existing assets and liabilities. Our inability to properly
manage our exposure to currency fluctuations could materially impact our
results.

Our
business, operating results and financial condition are subject to particular
risks in certain regions of the world.

We may
experience an operating loss in one or more regions of the world for one or more
periods, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results or financial condition. Moreover, overcapacity, which often leads to
lower prices, exists in a number of the regions in which we operate and may
persist even if demand grows. Our ability to manage such operational
fluctuations and to maintain adequate long-term strategies in the face of such
developments will be critical to our continued growth and
profitability.

If
we fail to retain key management and personnel, we may be unable to implement
our key objectives.

We
believe that our future success depends, in part, on our experienced management
team. Losing the services of key members of our management team could make it
difficult for us to manage our business and meet our objectives.

Decreases
in our ability to apply new technology and know-how may affect our
competitiveness.

Our
success depends partially on our ability to improve production processes and
services. We must also introduce new products and services to meet changing
customer needs. If we are unable to implement better production processes or to
develop new products, we may not be able to remain competitive with other
manufacturers. As a result, our business, financial condition or results of
operations could be adversely affected.

Adverse
weather and climate changes may result in lower sales.

We
manufacture packaging products primarily for beverages and foods. Unseasonably
cool weather can reduce demand for certain beverages packaged in our containers.
In addition, poor weather conditions or changes in climate that reduce crop
yields of fruits and vegetables can adversely affect demand for our food
containers. Climate change could have various effects on the demand for our
products in different regions around the world.

We
are vulnerable to fluctuations in the supply and price of raw
materials.

We
purchase aluminum, steel, plastic resin and other raw materials and packaging
supplies from several sources. While all such materials are available from
independent suppliers, raw materials are subject to fluctuations in price and
availability attributable to a number of factors, including general economic
conditions, commodity price fluctuations (particularly aluminum on the London
Metal Exchange), the demand by other industries for the same raw materials and
the availability of complementary and substitute materials. Although we enter
into commodities purchase agreements from time to time and use derivative
instruments to manage our risk, we cannot ensure that our current suppliers of
raw materials will be able to supply us with sufficient quantities at reasonable
prices. Economic and financial factors could impact our suppliers, thereby
causing supply shortages. Increases in raw material costs could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In
North America and Europe, some contracts do not allow us to pass along increased
raw material costs and we use derivative agreements to manage this risk. Our
hedging procedures may be insufficient and our results could be materially
impacted if costs of materials increase. Due to the fixed price contracts and
derivative activities, while increasing raw material costs may not impact our
near-term profitability, increased prices could decrease our sales volume over
time.

Prolonged
work stoppages at plants with union employees could jeopardize our financial
position.

As of
December 31, 2009, approximately 40 percent of our North American packaging
plant employees and most of our packaging plant employees in Europe were covered
by collective bargaining agreements. These collective bargaining agreements have
staggered expirations during the next several years. Although we consider our
employee relations to be generally good, a prolonged work stoppage or strike at
any facility with union employees could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, we cannot
ensure that upon the expiration of existing collective bargaining agreements,
new agreements will be reached without union action or that any such new
agreements will be on terms satisfactory to us. Potential legislation has been
discussed in the United States, which may, if enacted, facilitate the ability of
unions to unionize workers and to establish collective bargaining agreements
with employers, including the company.

 Page 10
of 97

Our
aerospace and technologies segment is subject to certain risks specific to that
business, including those outlined below.

In our
aerospace business, existing U.S. government contracts are subject to continued
appropriations by Congress and may be terminated or delayed if future funding is
not made available.

Our
backlog includes both cost-type and fixed-price contracts. Cost-type contracts
generally have lower profit margins than fixed-price contracts. Our earnings and
margins may vary depending on the types of government contracts undertaken, the
nature of the work performed under those contracts, the costs incurred in
performing the work, the achievement of other performance objectives and their
impact on our ability to receive fees.

Our
business is subject to substantial environmental remediation and compliance
costs.

Our
operations are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating
to environmental hazards, such as emissions to air, discharges to water, the
handling and disposal of hazardous and solid wastes and the cleanup of hazardous
substances. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has designated us, along
with numerous other companies, as a potentially responsible party for the
cleanup of several hazardous waste sites. Based on available information, we do
not believe that any costs incurred in connection with such sites will have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations,
capital expenditures or competitive position. There is increased focus on the
regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental issues
worldwide.

Net
earnings and net worth could be materially affected by an impairment of
goodwill.

We have a
significant amount of goodwill recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as of
December 31, 2009. We are required annually to test the recoverability of
goodwill. The recoverability test of goodwill is based on the current fair value
of our identified reporting units. Fair value measurement requires assumptions
and estimates of many critical factors, including revenue and market growth,
operating cash flows and discount rates. If general market conditions
deteriorate in portions of our business, we could experience a significant
decline in the fair value of reporting units. This decline could lead to an
impairment of all or a significant portion of the goodwill balance, which could
materially affect our net earnings and net worth.

If
the investments in Ball's pension plans do not perform as expected, we may have
to contribute additional amounts to the plans, which would otherwise be
available to cover operating expenses.

Ball
maintains defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all of its North
American and United Kingdom employees, which we fund based on certain actuarial
assumptions. The plans’ assets consist primarily of common stocks, fixed income
securities and, in the U.S., alternative investments. Market declines, longevity
increases or legislative changes, such as the Pension Protection Act in the
U.S., could result in a prospective decrease in our available cash flow and net
earnings over time, and the recognition of an increase in our pension
obligations could result in a reduction to our shareholders'
equity.

Restricted access to capital markets
could adversely affect our 
short-term liquidity and prevent us
from fulfilling our obligations under the notes issued pursuant to our bond
indentures.

On
December 31, 2009, we had total debt of $2.6 billion and unused
committed credit lines in excess of $600 million. A reduction of financial
liquidity could have important consequences, including the
following:

 ●  

 restrict
 our ability to fund working capital, capital expenditures, research and
 development expenditures and other business
 activities;

 ●  

 increase
 our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions,
 including the credit risks stemming from the economic
 environment;

 ●  

 limit
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses
 and the industries in which we
operate;

 ●  

 restrict
 us from making strategic acquisitions or exploiting business
 opportunities; and

 ●  

 limit,
 along with the financial and other restrictive covenants in our debt,
 among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds, dispose of
 assets, pay cash dividends or refinance debt
 maturities.

In
addition, more than one third of our debt bears interest at variable rates. If
market interest rates increase, variable-rate debt will create higher debt
service requirements, which would adversely affect our cash flow. While we
sometimes enter into agreements limiting our exposure, any such agreements may
not offer complete protection from this risk.

 Page 11
of 97

Changes
in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) and Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) rules and regulations, could materially impact our
reported results.

U.S. GAAP
and SEC accounting and reporting changes are common and have become more
frequent and significant over the past few years. These changes could have
significant effects on our reported results when compared to prior periods and
may even require us to retrospectively adjust prior periods. Additionally,
material changes to the presentation of transactions in the consolidated
financial statements could impact key ratios that analysts and credit rating
agencies use to rate Ball. The material changes in net earnings and/or
presentation of transactions could impact our credit rating and ultimately our
ability to access the credit markets in an efficient manner.

The
global credit, financial and economic environment could have a negative impact
on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.

The
global credit, financial and economic environment could have significant
negative effects on our operations, including, but not limited to, the
following:

 ●  

 the
 creditworthiness of customers, suppliers and counterparties could
 deteriorate resulting in a financial loss or a disruption in our supply of
 raw materials;

 ●  

 volatile
 market performance could affect the fair value of our pension assets,
 potentially requiring us to make significant additional contributions to
 our defined benefit plans to maintain prescribed funding
 levels;

 ●  

 a
 significant weakening of our financial position or operating results could
 result in noncompliance with our debt covenants;
 and

 ●  

 reduced
 cash flow from our operations could adversely affect our ability to
 execute our long-term strategy to increase liquidity, reduce debt,
 repurchase our stock and invest in our
 businesses.