We will continue to face significant competition, which
may reduce our market share and lower our profits.

Rapid development in telecommunications technologies, such as
wireless, cable and VoIP, has increased competition in the
telecommunications industry. As a result, we compete with not
only traditional communications service providers, but also new
competitors such as cable companies, satellite companies,
wireless providers and VoIP providers. These competitors are
typically subject to less regulation and therefore are able to
offer services at lower cost. In addition, these competitors may
have lower cost structures than we do because they do not have a

12      BELLSOUTH 2005

Table of Contents

unionized workforce, they offer lower benefits to employees and
they have fewer retirees (as most of the competitors are
relatively new companies). The increased competition could put
further pressure on the price of the services provided by us and
may result in reduced revenues and profits. In addition, our
print and online yellow pages products face significant
competition, with many different media competing for advertising
revenue. Further, competition for directory sales agency
contracts for the sale of advertising in publications of
nonaffiliated companies also continues to be strong.

Our ability to maintain leading technological capabilities
is uncertain.

Our operating results will depend to a significant extent upon
our and Cingular Wireless’ ability to continue to expand
our service offerings and to reduce the costs of providing our
existing services. We cannot assure you that we or Cingular
Wireless will successfully develop and market new service
opportunities in a timely or cost-effective manner. The success
of new service development depends on many factors, including
proper identification of customer needs, cost, timely completion
and introduction of new products, product differentiation from
offerings of competitors and market acceptance.

Technology in the telecommunications industry changes rapidly,
which could cause our or Cingular Wireless’ services and
products to become obsolete. We cannot assure you that we and
our suppliers will be able to keep pace with technological
developments. If the new technologies on which we and Cingular
Wireless intend to focus our investments fail to achieve
acceptance in the marketplace, we and Cingular Wireless could
suffer a material adverse effect on our future competitive
position that could cause a reduction in our revenues and net
income. For example, our competitors could be the first to
obtain proprietary technologies that are perceived by the
marketplace as being superior. Furthermore, one or more of the
technologies under development for our use could become obsolete
prior to its introduction. In addition, delays in the delivery
of components or other unforeseen problems in our or Cingular
Wireless’ communication systems may occur that could
materially adversely affect our or Cingular Wireless’
ability to generate revenue, offer new services and remain
competitive.

Maintaining our networks requires significant capital
expenditures and our inability or failure to maintain our
networks would have a material impact on our market share and
ability to generate revenue.

During the year ended December 31, 2005, wireline capital
expenditures totaled $3.2 billion (excluding
$211 million associated with Hurricane Katrina) and
Cingular Wireless’ capital expenditures totaled
$7.5 billion. Our and Cingular Wireless’ capital
expenditures are expected to continue at similar levels in 2006,
excluding any significant expenditures associated with Hurricane
Katrina. Either of us could incur significant additional capital
expenditures as a result of unanticipated developments,
regulatory changes and other events that impact our business. If
we or Cingular Wireless are unable or fail to adequately
maintain or expand our networks to meet customer needs, there
could be a material adverse impact on our market share and
ability to generate revenue.

We provide services to our customers over access lines,
and if we lose access lines, our business and results of
operations may be adversely affected.

Our wireline business generates revenue by delivering voice and
data services over access lines. We have experienced access line
loss of 18.4 percent for the period from December 31,
2000 through December 31, 2005 due to challenging economic
conditions, increased competition and technology substitution.
We are seeking to improve our competitive position through
product bundling and other sales and marketing initiatives.
However, we may continue to experience net access line loss in
our markets. An inability to retain access lines could adversely
affect our business and results of operations.

The regulatory regime under which we operate could change
to our detriment.

We are subject to various US federal regulations, including
substantial regulation by the FCC. FCC rules and regulations are
subject to change in response to industry developments, changes
in law, new technologies and political considerations. In
addition, we are subject to the regulatory authority of state
commissions, which generally have the power to regulate
intrastate rates and services, including local, long-distance
and network access services.

Our business could be materially adversely affected by the
adoption of new laws, policies and regulations or changes to
existing regulations. The development of new technologies, such
as Internet Protocol-based services including VoIP and super
high-speed broadband and video, for example, have created or
potentially could create conflicting regulation between the FCC
and various state and local authorities, which may involve
lengthy litigation to resolve and may result in outcomes
unfavorable to us.

Unfavorable regulations imposed at the federal or state level
could cause us to experience additional declines in access line
revenues and could reduce our invested capital and employment
levels related to those services. It is difficult to predict
either the outcome of proceedings before the FCC, state PSCs and
the courts or the FCC’s and the state PSCs’ future
rule-making activities. Any adverse decision by the courts, the
FCC or the state PSCs could have a materially adverse effect on
our operations.

We may not be successful in our efforts to maintain a
reduced cost structure, and the actions that we take in order to
reduce our costs could have long-term adverse effects on our
business.

We have taken, and continue to take, various actions to
transition our company to a reduced cost structure. In response
to declining revenues, beginning in 2001 we reduced our
expenses, decreased our workforce by approximately 19,000
(including a management reduction of 1,500 announced in December
2005 that is not yet complete), froze hiring and reduced
discretionary spending. There are several risks inherent in our
efforts to maintain a reduced cost structure. These include the
risk that we will not be able to reduce expenditures quickly

BELLSOUTH 2005      13

Table of Contents

enough and hold them at a level necessary to sustain or increase
profitability, and that we may have to undertake further
restructuring initiatives that would entail additional charges
and cause us to take additional actions. There is also the risk
that cost-cutting initiatives will impair our ability to
effectively develop new products, to remain competitive and to
operate effectively. Each of the above measures could have
long-term effects on our business by reducing our pool of
technical talent, decreasing or slowing product development,
making it more difficult for us to respond to customers, and
limiting our ability to hire and retain key personnel. These
circumstances could adversely affect our operating results,
which could adversely affect our stock price.

Third parties may claim that we are infringing their
intellectual property, and we could suffer significant
litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling
products.

Although we do not believe that any of our products or services
infringe the valid intellectual property rights of third
parties, we may be unaware of intellectual property rights of
others that may cover some of our technology, products or
services. Any litigation growing out of third party patents or
other intellectual property claims could be costly and
time-consuming and could divert our management and key personnel
from our business operations. The complexity of the technology
involved and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation
increase these risks. Resolution of claims of intellectual
property infringement might also require us to enter into costly
license agreements. Likewise, we may not be able to obtain
license agreements on terms acceptable to us, or at all. We also
may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against
development and sale of certain of our products. Further, we
often rely on licenses of third party intellectual property
useful for our businesses. We cannot ensure that these licenses
will be available in the future on favorable terms or at all.

Third parties may infringe our intellectual property, and
we may expend significant resources enforcing our rights or
suffer competitive injury.

Our success depends in significant part on the competitive
advantage we gain from our proprietary technology and other
valuable intellectual property assets. We rely on a combination
of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets
protections, confidentiality provisions and licensing
arrangements to establish and protect our intellectual property
rights. If we fail to successfully enforce our intellectual
property rights, our competitive position could suffer, which
could harm our operating results.

Our pending patent and trademark registration applications may
not be allowed, or competitors may challenge the validity or
scope of our patents, copyrights or trademarks. Further, we may
be required to spend significant resources to monitor and police
our intellectual property rights. We may not be able to detect
third party infringements and our competitive position may be
harmed before we do so. In addition, competitors may design
around our technology or develop competing technologies.
Furthermore, some intellectual property rights are licensed to
other companies, allowing them to compete with us using that
intellectual property.

We could incur significant costs as a result of a number
of pending putative class action lawsuits, and additional
significant litigation may be filed against us in the
future.

We have been named in several putative class action lawsuits
that allege that we violated the federal securities and ERISA
laws. In addition, we have been named in a putative class action
lawsuit that alleges that we engaged in employment
discrimination and a putative class action lawsuit that alleges
that we violated the antitrust laws. We are vigorously
contesting these matters, but such litigation could result in
substantial costs and have a material impact on our financial
condition, results of operation and cash flow. An adverse
decision or settlement in any of these cases could require us to
pay substantial damages or subject us to injunctive relief,
either of which could have a material adverse affect on our
business and operations. Further, additional significant
litigation may be filed against us in the future.

Our business will suffer if we are not able to retain and
hire key personnel.

Our future success depends partly on the continued service of
our key technical, sales, marketing, executive and
administrative personnel. If we fail to retain and hire a
sufficient number of these personnel, we may not be able to
maintain or expand our business. Since 2002, we have experienced
workforce reductions and limited pay increases, which may harm
our long-term ability to hire and retain key personnel. As the
economy continues its recovery, there is intense competition for
certain highly technical specialties in geographic areas where
we recruit, and it may become more difficult to retain our key
employees.

Our wireline business operates primarily in the Southeast,
which is likely to continue to experience severe hurricanes and
tropical storms.

We operate an electronics-based network with extensive outside
plant in a geographic region that is susceptible to inclement
weather, including hurricanes. Water (flooding in particular)
and wind damage can severely damage our outside plant causing
service outages, line noise or other trouble associated with
damage to our plant requiring field technicians to conduct
premise visits. In 2004, we experienced an unprecedented four
major hurricanes within a 45 day period. Further, the
damage inflicted on our network by Hurricane Katrina in August
2005 was extensive. Current predictions suggest that the
Atlantic basin could experience significant hurricanes for the
foreseeable future. The occurrence of severe storms could impact
our revenue in affected areas and could cause us to experience
higher than normal levels of expense and capital expenditures.

14      BELLSOUTH 2005

Table of Contents

Uncertainty in the US securities markets and adverse
medical cost trends could cause our pension and postretirement
costs to increase.

Our pension and postretirement cost have increased in recent
years, primarily due to a continued increase in medical and
prescription drug costs. Investment returns of our pension funds
depend largely on trends in the US securities markets and the
US economy in general. In particular, uncertainty in the
US securities markets and US economy could result in
investment returns less than those previously assumed and a
decline in the value of plan assets used in pension and
postretirement calculations, which we would be required to
recognize over the next several years under generally accepted
accounting principles. Should the securities markets decline and
medical and prescription drug costs continue to increase
significantly, we would expect to face increasing annual
combined net pension and postretirement costs.

A downgrade of our debt rating could increase our
borrowing costs.

At December 31, 2005, our long-term debt rating was A2 from
Moody’s Investor Service and A from Standard and
Poor’s. Our short-term debt rating at December 31,
2005 was P-1 from
Moody’s and 
A-1
from Standard and Poor’s. Moody’s maintains a negative
outlook on both our short-and long-term debt ratings, and
Standard & Poor’s recently placed our short- and
long-term credit ratings on CreditWatch with negative
implications. A downgrade of our debt rating could increase our
borrowing costs.

If we fail to extend or renegotiate our collective
bargaining agreements with our labor unions when they expire, or
if our unionized employees were to engage in a strike or other
work stoppage, our business and operating results could be
materially harmed.

We are a party to collective bargaining agreements with our
labor unions, which represent a significant number of our
employees. Although we believe that our relations with our
employees are satisfactory, no assurance can be given that we
will be able to successfully extend or renegotiate our
collective bargaining agreements when they expire from time to
time. If we fail to extend or renegotiate our collective
bargaining agreements, if disputes with our unions arise, or if
our unionized workers engage in a strike or a work stoppage, we
could experience a significant disruption of operations or incur
higher ongoing labor costs, either of which could have a
material adverse effect on our business.

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may
affect the financial markets and our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Terrorist attacks may negatively affect our operations and
financial condition. There can be no assurance that there will
not be future terrorist attacks against the United States of
America or US businesses, or armed conflict involving the
United States of America. Terrorist attacks or other acts of
violence or war may directly impact our physical facilities or
those of our customers and vendors. Further, these events could
cause consumer confidence and spending to decrease or result in
increased volatility in the United States and world financial
markets and economy. They could result in an economic recession
in the United States or abroad. Any of these occurrences could
have a material adverse impact on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Cingular Wireless could fail to achieve, in the amounts
and within the timeframe expected, the capital and expense
synergies and other benefits expected from its acquisition of
AT&T Wireless.

In October 2004, Cingular Wireless, BellSouth’s wireless
joint venture with AT&T, acquired AT&T Wireless for
approximately $41 billion in cash. Achieving the
anticipated benefits of the Cingular
Wireless/AT&T Wireless merger will depend in part upon
meeting certain challenges such as delivering a single,
consistent and effective customer experience across all
functions, integrating and rationalizing systems and
administrative infrastructures, and reducing redundant
facilities and resources. There can be no assurance that such
challenges will be met. Failure to meet such challenges would
affect BellSouth’s ability to realize the anticipated
synergies, cost savings and other benefits expected from the
merger, which could adversely affect the value of BellSouth
common stock. In addition, if the Cingular
Wireless/AT&T Wireless merger fails to achieve, in the
amount and within the timeframe expected, the capital and
expense synergies and other benefits expected, there may be an
adverse impact on Cingular Wireless’ operating results,
which may adversely affect the financial results of BellSouth.

Cingular Wireless faces substantial competition in all
aspects of its business as competition continues to increase in
the wireless communications industry.

On average, Cingular Wireless has four to five other wireless
competitors in each of its service areas and competes for
customers based principally on reputation, network quality,
customer service, price and service offerings. Cingular
Wireless’ competitors are principally three national
providers and a larger number of regional providers of cellular,
PCS and other wireless communications services. Cingular
Wireless also competes with resellers and wireline service
providers. Moreover, Cingular Wireless may experience
significant competition from companies that provide similar
services using other communications technologies and services.
While some of these technologies and services are now
operational, others are being developed or may be developed in
the future.

Competition is expected to continue to put pressure on pricing,
margins and customer turnover. BellSouth and AT&T may have
differences of opinion with respect to the strategic direction
and oversight of Cingular Wireless, which could adversely affect
our ability to cooperate as the owners of Cingular Wireless and
impair Cingular Wireless’ ability to respond effectively to
the competitive environment. These competitive issues could
result in a material adverse effect on its ability to achieve
revenue and profit growth, and this in turn could hurt
BellSouth’s bottom line

BELLSOUTH 2005      15

Table of Contents

based on its 40 percent share in Cingular Wireless’
net income.

For a more detailed discussion of risks related to our
wireless business, see the “Risk Factors” section of
Cingular Wireless’
Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2005, which is incorporated by
reference into this
Form 
10-K and is
attached hereto as Exhibit 99a.

 Item 1B.

 Unresolved SEC Staff Comments

None.