related to global operations.

Maintenance, Enhancement and Support Services

     Revenues from providing maintenance, enhancement and support services (collectively,
maintenance) comprised 53%, 56% and 59% of our total revenues in fiscal 2004, 2005 and 2006,
respectively. Payment of maintenance, enhancement and support fees generally entitle a customer to
telephone and Internet support and problem resolution services. This includes the following:
proactive notification, electronic support requests, a resolution database, and enhanced versions
of products released during the maintenance period, including new versions necessary to run with
the most current releases of the operating systems, databases and other software supported by our
products. Such maintenance fees are an important source of recurring revenue, and we invest
significant resources to provide maintenance services and new product versions. Customers continue
to enroll in our maintenance, enhancement and support program because they require forward
compatibility and enhanced product features when they install new versions of the operating
systems, databases and other software supported by our products. Our customers also value the
immediate problem resolution provided because they use our products to manage their
business-critical IT systems.

Professional Services

     Our professional services group consists of a worldwide team of experienced software
consultants who provide implementation, integration and education services related to our products.
By easing the implementation of our products, these services help our customers accelerate the time
to value. By improving the overall customer experience, these services also drive future software
license transactions with customers. Professional services contributed approximately 6% of our
total revenues in fiscal 2004, 2005 and 2006.

Product Pricing and Licensing

     Our software solutions are licensed under multiple license types using a variety of business
metrics. We have historically licensed our software primarily on a perpetual basis; however, we
also provide customers the right to use our software for a defined period of time, which is
referred to as a term contract. Under a term contract, the customer receives the license rights to
use the software, combined with the related maintenance, enhancement and support services, for the
term of the contract. Some of our more common perpetual licensing models are as follows:

•

Enterprise license — a license to use one or more products across a customer’s
enterprise, usually subject to capacity limits. Capacity can be measured in many ways,
including mainframe computing capacity, number of servers, number of users or number of
gigabytes, among others. Additional license fee prices are specified in the enterprise
license agreement and are typically paid on an annual basis in the event a customer exceeds
agreed capacity.

•

Capacity license — a license to use one or more products up to a specific license
capacity. To use the products on additional capacity in excess of the original license,
additional license fees would have to be agreed to as part of another license transaction.

     For a discussion of our revenue recognition policies and the impact of our licensing models on
revenue, see Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
— Critical Accounting Policies and — Product License Revenues and Note 1(i) to the accompanying
Consolidated Financial Statements.

     We provide extended payment terms for our products and services available for qualifying
transactions. By providing such financing, we allow our customers to better manage their IT
expenditures and cash flows. Our

5

Table of Contents

financing program is discussed in further detail below under Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources.

Research and Development

     In fiscal 2004, 2005 and 2006, research and development expenses represented 18%, 15% and 14%
of our total revenues, respectively. These costs relate primarily to the compensation of research
and development personnel for the work they perform before products reach the point of
technological feasibility. Although we develop many of our products internally, we may acquire
technology through business combinations or through licensing from third parties when appropriate.
Our expenditures on research and development activities in the last three fiscal years are
discussed below under Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations — Research and Development.

     We conduct research and development activities in Houston and Austin, Texas, Waltham,
Massachusetts, Sunnyvale, California, Clearwater, Florida, Israel, India, France and Belgium, as
well as in small offices in other locations around the world. Product manufacturing and
distribution is based in Houston, Texas, with European manufacturing and distribution based in
Dublin, Ireland.

Seasonality

     We tend to experience a higher volume of transactions and associated revenues in the quarter
ending December 31, which is our third fiscal quarter, and the quarter ending March 31, which is
our fourth fiscal quarter, as a result of our customers’ spending patterns and our annual sales
quota incentives. As a result of this seasonality for license transactions, we tend to have greater
operating cash flow in our first and fourth fiscal quarters.

Competition

     The enterprise management software business is highly competitive. Our largest competitors are
IBM, CA, Inc. (CA) and Hewlett Packard (HP). In addition, there are numerous independent software
companies that compete with one or more of our software solutions. Although we believe we are
uniquely positioned to offer BSM solutions to customers, several of our major competitors have
begun to market BSM-like solutions, and we anticipate continued competition in the BSM marketplace.
Although no company competes with us across our entire software solution line, we consider at least
100 firms to be directly competitive with one or more of our enterprise software solutions. Some of
these companies have substantially larger operations than ours in the specific markets in which we
compete. In addition, the software industry is experiencing continued consolidation.

     We anticipate that because we provide enterprise management solutions across multiple
platforms we are better positioned to provide customers with comprehensive management solutions for
their complex multi-vendor IT environments than integrated hardware and software companies like IBM
and HP.

     As a large hardware vendor and outsourcer of IT services, IBM has the ability to bundle
software with its other goods and services and offer packaged solutions to customers, which could
result in increased pricing pressure. Over the past few years, IBM has invested resources in the
mainframe management market. They have acquired mainframe independent software vendors such as
Candle Corporation and Isogon Corporation to expand their mainframe management capabilities.
Additionally, IBM has enhanced and increased the marketing of its utilities for IMS and DB2 as
lower cost alternatives to the solutions provided by us and other independent software vendors.
IBM also competes with us in the distributed management markets, where it has acquired multiple
independent software vendors in the past year, including Collation and Micromuse.

As a large hardware vendor and outsourcer of IT services, HP has the ability to bundle software
with its other goods and services and offer packaged solutions to customers, which could result in
increased pricing pressure. HP has acquired multiple companies (e.g., Peregrine, Trustgenix, and
Novadigm) over the past two years that have filled in gaps in its portfolio, allowing HP to compete
with many of our solutions in the Distributed Systems Management, Service Management and Identity
Management product groups. If HP manages to rationalize its overlapping product portfolio and
deliver an integrated set of products, HP may be able to deliver a more competitive solution in the
BSM market.

6

Table of Contents

     We anticipate that the key criteria considered by potential purchasers of our products are as
follows: operational advantages and cost savings provided; expected return on investment; product
quality and capability; product price and the terms on which the product is licensed; ease of
integration of the product with the purchaser’s existing systems; ease of product installation and
use; and quality of support and product documentation. Because potential purchasers of our products
typically acquire such software to manage critical IT systems, they often consider the market
experience and financial health of the vendor in making their purchasing decision.

Customers

     No single customer accounted for a material portion of our revenues during any of the past
three fiscal years. Our software products are generally used in a broad range of industries,
businesses and applications. Our customers include manufacturers, telecommunications companies,
financial service providers, educational institutions, retailers, distributors, hospitals, service
providers, government agencies and value-added resellers.

Intellectual Property

     We distribute our products in object code form and rely upon contract, trade secret, copyright
and patent laws to protect our intellectual property. The license agreements under which customers
use our products restrict the customer’s use to its own operations and prohibit disclosure to third
parties. We distribute certain of our products on a shrink-wrap basis, and the enforceability of
such restrictions in a shrink-wrap license is unproven in certain jurisdictions. Also,
notwithstanding these restrictions, it is possible for other persons to obtain copies of our
products in object code form. We expect that obtaining such copies would have limited value without
access to the product’s source code, which we keep highly confidential. In addition, we employ
protective measures such as CPU dependent passwords, expiring passwords and time-based trials.

Employees

     As of March 31, 2006, we had approximately 6,200 full-time employees. We expect that our
continued success will depend in part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled
technical, sales, marketing and management personnel.



     We operate in a dynamic and rapidly changing environment that involves numerous risks and
uncertainties. The following section describes some, but not all, of the risks and uncertainties
that we anticipate may adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations and are not necessarily listed in
terms of their importance or level of risk.

We may announce lower than expected revenues, license bookings or earnings, which could cause our
stock price to decline.

     Our revenues, license bookings and earnings are difficult to forecast and are likely to
fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to many factors. A significant proportion of our license
transactions is completed during the final weeks and days of each quarter, and therefore we
generally do not know whether revenues, license bookings and/or earnings will have met expectations
until shortly after the end of the quarter. Any significant shortfall in revenues, license bookings
or earnings or lowered expectations could cause our stock price to decline substantially. Factors
that could affect our financial results include, but are not limited to:

•

the unpredictability of the timing and magnitude of our sales through direct sales
channels, value-added resellers and distributors, which tend to occur late in each quarter;

•

the possibility that our customers may choose to license our software under terms and
conditions that require revenues to be deferred or recognized ratably over time rather than
upfront and that we may not accurately forecast the resulting mix of license transactions
between upfront and deferred revenues;

•

the possibility that our customers may defer or limit purchases as a result of reduced
information technology

7

Table of Contents

budgets or reduced data processing capacity demand;

•

our ability to adapt our solutions to customers’ needs in a market space defined by
constant technological change;

•

the possibility that our customers may elect not to license our products for additional
processing capacity until their actual processing capacity or expected future processing
capacity exceeds the capacity they have already licensed from us;

•

the possibility that our customers may defer purchases of our products in anticipation
of new products or product updates from us or our competitors;

•

the timing of new product introductions by us and the market’s acceptance of new products;

•

higher than expected operating expenses;

•

changes in our pricing and distribution terms and/or those of our competitors; and

•

the possibility that our business will be adversely affected as a result of the threat of
significant external events that increase global economic uncertainty.

     Investors should not rely on the results of prior periods as an indication of our future
performance. Our operating expense levels are based, in significant part, on our expectations of
future revenue. If we have a shortfall in revenue in any given quarter, we will not be able to
reduce our operating expenses for that quarter proportionally in response. Therefore, any
significant shortfall in revenue will likely have an immediate adverse effect on our operating
results for that quarter.

     We may have difficulty achieving our cash flow from operations goals.

     Our quarterly cash flow is and has been volatile. If our cash generated from operations in
some future period is materially less than the market expects, our stock price could decline. To
meet the needs of our customers, we have been providing more licensing options, and this increased
focus on flexibility may lead to more contracts where revenues will be recognized ratably versus
upfront and where cash payments may be received over time versus upfront. Factors that could
adversely affect our cash flow from operations in the future include: reduced net earnings;
increased time required for the collection of accounts receivable; an increase in uncollectible
accounts receivable; a significant shift from multi-year committed contracts to short-term
contracts; a reduced ability to transfer finance receivables to third parties (including the
increase in credit risk assumed by us); an increase in contracts where expenses such as sales
commissions are paid upfront but payments from customers are collected over time; reduced renewal
rates for maintenance; and a reduced yield from marketable securities and cash and cash
equivalents.

     Maintenance revenue could decline.

     Maintenance revenues have increased in each of the last three fiscal years as a result of
acquisitions and the continuing growth in the base of installed products and the processing
capacity on which they run. Maintenance fees increase as the processing capacity on which the
products are installed increases; consequently, we receive higher absolute maintenance fees with
new license and maintenance agreements and as existing customers install our products on additional
processing capacity. Due to increased discounting for higher levels of additional processing
capacity, the maintenance fees on a per unit of capacity basis are typically reduced in enterprise
license agreements. In addition, customers are generally entitled to reduced annual maintenance
percentages for entering into long-term maintenance contracts. These discounts, combined with an
increase in long-term maintenance contracts with reduced maintenance percentages and our license
bookings performance, have led to lower year-over-year growth rates for our maintenance revenues
excluding acquisitions. Declines in our license bookings, increases in long-term maintenance
contracts and/or increased discounting would lead to declines in our maintenance revenues. Should
customers migrate from their mainframe applications or find alternatives to our products, increased
cancellations

8

Table of Contents

could lead to declines in our maintenance revenues.

Our restructuring efforts may strain our management, administrative, operational and financial
infrastructure

     We are focused on increasing our operating margins. To this end, we have undertaken
restructurings over the past several years involving significant reductions in our workforce,
relocation of job functions to overseas locations and changes to our organizational structure. We
believe our recent restructurings are the result of extraordinary circumstances in the software
industry and are the right-sizing of the software industry following the broader technology
industry downturn beginning in 2000. In the future, we will continue to make organizational
changes aimed at improving our operating margins and driving operating efficiencies. Some of these
changes may result in additional workforce reductions or rebalancing actions in the future. These
efforts place a strain on our management, administrative, technical, operational and financial
infrastructure. Our ability to manage our complex, global operations while reducing operating
costs requires us to continue to improve our product development, our operational, financial and
management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. There can be no guarantees that we
will be successful in achieving our profitability targets in any future quarterly or annual period.
In addition, with any reduction in workforce there is a risk that we will not be able to retain
and effectively manage our remaining employees which could increase our costs, hinder our
development efforts, impact the quality of our products, delay the delivery of new products or
product updates and adversely affect our customer service.

The software industry includes large, powerful multi-line and small, agile single-line
competitors.

     Some of our largest competitors, including International Business Machines Corp (IBM), CA,
Inc. (CA) and Hewlett-Packard Company (HP) have significant scale advantages. With scale comes a
large installed base of customers in particular market niches, as well as the ability to develop
and market software competitive with ours. Some of these competitors can also bundle hardware,
software, and services together, which is a disadvantage for us since we do not provide hardware
and have fewer services offerings. Competitive products are also offered by numerous independent
software companies that specialize in specific aspects of the highly fragmented software industry.
Some, like Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft), Oracle Corporation (Oracle), and SAP
Aktiengesellschaft (SAP), are the leading developers and vendors in their specialized markets. In
addition, new companies enter the market on a frequent and regular basis, offering products that
compete with those offered by us. As the software industry consolidates generally, it is possible
that storage and security vendors such as EMC Corporation (EMC) and Symantec Corporation (Symantec)
will enter the systems management market. Additionally, many customers historically have developed
their own products that compete with those offered by us. Competition from any of these sources can
result in price reductions or displacement of our products, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows.

Industry consolidation could affect prices or demand for our products.

     The IT industry and the market for our systems management products are very competitive due to
a variety of factors. As the enterprise systems software market matures, it is consolidating.
This trend could create opportunities for larger software companies, such as IBM, Microsoft and
Oracle, to increase their market share through the acquisition of companies that dominate certain
lucrative market niches or that have loyal installed customer bases. We expect this trend towards
consolidation to continue as companies attempt to maintain or extend their market and competitive
positions in the rapidly changing software industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to
continue operations. This industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are better
able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. This could lead to more variability in our
operating results due to lengthening of the customer evaluation process and/or loss of business to
these stronger competitors, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations.

Our products must remain compatible with ever-changing operating and database environments.

     IBM, HP, Microsoft and Oracle are by far the largest suppliers of systems and database
software and, in many cases, are the manufacturers of the computer hardware systems used by most of
our customers. Historically, operating and database system developers have modified or introduced
new operating systems, database systems, systems software and computer hardware. Such new products
could incorporate features which perform functions

9

Table of Contents

currently performed by our products or could require substantial modification of our products
to maintain compatibility with these companies’ hardware or software. We have generally been able
to adapt our products and our business to changes introduced by hardware manufacturers and
operating and database system software developers. However, there can be no assurance that we will
be able to do so in the future. Failure to adapt our products in a timely manner to such changes or
customer decisions to forego the use of our products in favor of those with comparable
functionality contained either in the hardware or operating system could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

Future product development is dependent upon access to third-party source code.

     In the past, licensees using proprietary operating systems were furnished with “source code,”
which makes the operating system generally understandable to programmers, and “object code,” which
directly controls the hardware and other technical documentation. Since the availability of source
code facilitated the development of systems and applications software, which must interface with
the operating systems, independent software vendors such as BMC were able to develop and market
compatible software. IBM and other hardware vendors have a policy of restricting the use or
availability of the source code for some of their operating systems. To date, this policy has not
had a material effect on us. Some companies, however, may adopt more restrictive policies in the
future or impose unfavorable terms and conditions for such access. These restrictions may, in the
future, result in higher research and development costs for us in connection with the enhancement
and modification of our existing products and the development of new products. Although we do not
expect that such restrictions will have this adverse effect, there can be no assurances that such
restrictions or other restrictions will not have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and operating results.

Future product development is dependent upon early access to third-party operating and database
systems.

     Operating and database system software developers have in the past provided us with early
access to pre-generally available (GA) versions of their software in order to have input into the
functionality and to ensure that we can adapt our software to exploit new functionality in these
systems. Some companies, however, may adopt more restrictive policies in the future or impose
unfavorable terms and conditions for such access. These restrictions may result in higher research
and development costs for us in connection with the enhancement and modification of our existing
products and the development of new products. Although we do not expect that such restrictions will
have this adverse effect, there can be no assurances that such restrictions or other restrictions
will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

Future product development is dependent upon access to and reliability of third-party software
products.

     Certain of our software products contain components developed and maintained by third-party
software vendors. We expect that we may have to incorporate software from third-party vendors in
our future products. We may not be able to replace the functionality provided by the third-party
software currently offered with our products if that software becomes obsolete, defective or
incompatible with future versions of our products or is not adequately maintained or updated, or if
our relationship with the third-party vendor terminates. Although we expect there are adequate
alternate sources for the technology licensed to us, any significant interruption in the
availability of these third-party software products on commercially acceptable terms or defects in
these products could delay development of future products or enhancement of future products and
harm our revenues.

Growing market acceptance of “open source” software could cause a decline in our revenues and
operating margins.

     Growing market acceptance of open source software has presented both benefits and challenges
to the commercial software industry in recent years. “Open source” software is made widely
available by its authors and is licensed “as is” for a nominal fee or, in some cases, at no charge.
We have incorporated some open source software into our products, allowing us to enhance certain
solutions without incurring substantial additional research and development costs. Thus far, we
have encountered no unanticipated material problems arising from our use of open source software.
However, as the use of open source software becomes more widespread, certain open source technology
could become competitive with our proprietary technology, which could cause sales of our products
to decline or force us to reduce the fees we charge for our products, which could have a material
adverse impact on our

10

Table of Contents

revenues and operating margins.

Discovery of errors in our software could adversely affect our earnings.

     The software products we offer are inherently complex. Despite testing and quality control, we
cannot be certain that errors will not be found in current versions, new versions or enhancements
of our products after commencement of commercial shipments. If new or existing customers have
difficulty deploying our products or require significant amounts of customer support, our operating
margins could be harmed. Moreover, we could face possible claims and higher development costs if
our software contains undetected errors or if we fail to meet our customers’ expectations. With our
BSM strategy, these risks increase because we are combining already complex products to create
solutions that are even more complicated than the aggregation of their product components.
Significant technical challenges also arise with our products because our customers purchase and
deploy our products across a variety of computer platforms and integrate them with a number of
third-party software applications and databases. These combinations increase our risk further
because in the event of a system-wide failure, it may be difficult to determine which product is at
fault; thus, we may be harmed by the failure of another supplier’s products. As a result of the
foregoing, we could experience:

•

loss of or delay in revenues and loss of market share;

•

loss of customers;

•

damage to our reputation;

•

failure to achieve market acceptance;

•

diversion of development resources;

•

increased service and warranty costs;

•

legal actions by customers against us which could, whether or not successful, increase
costs and distract our management; and

•

increased insurance costs.

Failure to maintain our existing distribution channels and develop additional channels in the
future could adversely affect our revenues.

     The percentage of our revenues from sales of our products and services through distribution
channels such as systems integrators and value-added resellers is increasing. Conducting business
through indirect distribution channels presents a number of risks, including:

•

our systems integrators and value-added resellers can cease marketing our products and
services with limited or no notice and with little or no penalty;

•

we may not be able to replace existing or recruit additional systems integrators or
value-added resellers if we lose any of our existing ones;

•

our existing systems integrators and value-added resellers may not be able to effectively
sell new products and services that we may introduce;

•

we do not have direct control over the business practices adopted by our systems integrators
and value-added resellers;

•

our systems integrators and value-added resellers may also offer competitive products and
services and as such, may not give priority to the marketing of our products and services as
compared to our competitors’ products; and

11

Table of Contents

•

we may face conflicts between the activities of our indirect channels and our direct sales
and marketing activities.

Our customers may not accept our product strategies.

     Historically, we have focused on selling software products to address specific customer
problems associated with their applications. Our BSM strategy requires us to integrate multiple
software products so that they work together to provide comprehensive systems management solutions.
There can be no assurance that customers will perceive a need for such solutions. In addition,
there may be technical difficulties in integrating individual products into a combined solution
that may delay the introduction of such solutions to the market or adversely affect the demand for
such solutions. We may also adopt different sales strategies for marketing our products, and there
can be no assurance that our strategies for selling solutions will be successful.

Changes to compensation of our sales organization may have unintended effects.

     We review and modify our compensation plans for the sales organization periodically. As in
most years, we have made significant changes for fiscal 2007. These plans are intended to align
with our business objectives of providing customer flexibility and satisfaction. The compensation
plans may encourage unanticipated or unintended behavior which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, operating results and/or cash flows. Changes to our sales compensation plan
could also make it difficult for us to attract and retain top sales talent.

Risks related to business combinations.

     As part of our overall strategy, we have acquired or invested in, and likely will continue to
acquire or invest in, complementary companies, products, and technologies. Risks commonly
encountered in such transactions include: the difficulty of assimilating the operations and
personnel of the combined companies; the risk that we may not be able to integrate the acquired
technologies or products with our current products and technologies; the potential disruption of
our ongoing business; the inability to retain key technical, sales and managerial personnel; the
inability of management to maximize our financial and strategic position through the successful
integration of acquired businesses; the risk that revenues from acquired companies, products and
technologies do not meet our expectations; and decreases in reported earnings as a result of
charges for in-process research and development and amortization of acquired intangible assets.

     For us to maximize the return on our investments in acquired companies, the products of these
entities must be integrated with our existing products. These integrations can be difficult and
unpredictable, especially given the complexity of software and that acquired technology is
typically developed independently and designed with no regard to integration. The difficulties are
compounded when the products involved are well-established because compatibility with the existing
base of installed products must be preserved. Successful integration also requires coordination of
different development and engineering teams. This too can be difficult and unpredictable because of
possible cultural conflicts and different opinions on technical decisions and product roadmaps.
There can be no assurance that we will be successful in our product integration efforts or that we
will realize the expected benefits.

     With each of our acquisitions, we have initiated efforts to integrate the disparate cultures,
employees, systems and products of these companies. Retention of key employees is critical to
ensure the continued development, support, sales and marketing efforts pertaining to the acquired
products. We have implemented retention programs to keep many of the key technical, sales and
marketing employees of acquired companies; nonetheless, we have lost some key employees and may
lose others in the future.

Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rates or exposure to additional income tax
liabilities could affect our profitability.

     We carry out our business operations through entities in the United States and multiple
foreign jurisdictions. As such, we are required to file corporate income tax returns that are
subject to United States, state and foreign tax laws. The United States, state and foreign tax
liabilities are determined, in part, by the amount of operating profit generated in these different
taxing jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate and earnings could be adversely affected by

12

Table of Contents

changes in the mix of operating profits generated in countries with higher statutory tax
rates. We are also required to evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets. This
evaluation requires that our management assess the positive and negative evidence regarding sources
of future taxable income. If management’s assessment regarding the realizability of our deferred
tax assets changes or we are presented with additional negative evidence regarding future sources
of taxable income, we will be required to increase our valuation allowance, which will negatively
impact our effective tax rate and earnings. We are also subject to routine corporate income tax
audits in multiple jurisdictions. Our provision for income taxes includes amounts intended to
satisfy income tax assessments that may result from the examination of our corporate tax returns
that have been filed in these jurisdictions. The amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these
examinations could be materially different from the amounts included in the provision for income
taxes and result in additional tax expense.

     Enforcement of our intellectual property rights.

     We rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trademark, trade secrets, confidentiality
procedures and contractual procedures to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our
efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, it may be possible for unauthorized third
parties to copy certain portions of our products or to reverse engineer or obtain and use
technology or other information that we regard as proprietary. There can also be no assurance that
our intellectual property rights would survive a legal challenge to their validity or provide
significant protection for us. In addition, the laws of certain countries do not protect our
proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Accordingly, there can
be no assurance that we will be able to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized
third party copying or use, which could adversely affect our competitive position and revenues.

     Possibility of infringement claims.

     From time to time, we receive notices from third parties claiming infringement by our products
of patent and other intellectual property rights. We expect that software products will
increasingly be subject to such claims as the number of products and competitors in our industry
segments grows and the functionality of products overlaps. In addition, we may receive more patent
infringement claims as companies increasingly seek to patent their software and business methods
and enforce such patents, especially given the increase in software and business method patents
issued during the past several years. Regardless of its merit, responding to any such claim could
be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and require us to enter into royalty and licensing
agreements, which may not be offered or available on terms acceptable to us. If a successful claim
is made against us and we fail to develop or license a substitute technology, our business,
financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected.

     Risks related to global operations.

     We are a global company with research and development sites and sales offices around the
world. As a result, we face risks from operating as a global concern, including, among others:

•

difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;

•

possible non-compliance with our professional conduct policy and code of ethics due to
inconsistent interpretations and/or application of corporate standards;

•

longer payment cycles;

•

increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities;

•

adverse tax consequences;

•

changes in currency exchange rates;

•

potential impact from volatile or sluggish local economies;

13

Table of Contents

•

loss of proprietary information due to piracy, misappropriation or weaker laws
regarding intellectual property protection;

•

the need to localize our products;

•

political unrest or terrorism, particularly in areas in which we have facilities;

•

compliance with a wide variety of complex laws and treaties; and

•

licenses, tariffs and other trade barriers.

     We maintain a significant presence in India, conducting software development and support and
IT and certain financial operations. To date, the dispute between India and Pakistan involving the
Kashmir region has not adversely affected our operations in India. Should we be unable to conduct
operations in India in the future, we expect that our business could be temporarily adversely
affected. As the software and technology labor market in India has developed at a rapid pace, with
many multi-national companies competing for talent, there is a risk that wage and attrition rates
will rise faster than we have anticipated, which could lead to operational issues.

     We conduct substantial development and marketing operations in multiple locations in Israel
and, accordingly, we are directly affected by economic, political and military conditions in
Israel. Any major hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade between
Israel and its present trading partners could materially adversely affect our business, operating
results and financial condition. We maintain comprehensive contingency and business continuity
plans for our local operations, and to date, the current dispute in the India — Pakistan region and
hostilities within Israel have not caused disruption of our operations.

     Generally, our foreign sales are denominated in our foreign subsidiaries’ local currencies. If
these currency exchange rates change unexpectedly, we could have significant gains or losses. The
foreign currencies to which we currently have the most significant exposure are the euro and the
Israeli shekel. Additionally, fluctuations of the exchange rate of foreign currencies against the
United States dollar can affect our revenue within those markets, all of which may adversely impact
our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. Currently, we use derivative
financial instruments to hedge our exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Such
hedging requires us to estimate when transactions will occur and cash will be collected, and we may
not be successful in making these estimates. If these estimates are inaccurate, particularly during
periods of currency volatility, it could have a materially adverse affect on our business,
financial condition or operating results.

We have identified a material weakness in our disclosure controls and procedures and our
internal control over financial reporting, which, if not remedied effectively, could have an
adverse effect on our business.

     Management, through documentation, testing and assessment of our internal control over
financial reporting pursuant to the rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission
under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Item 308 of Regulation S-K, has concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting had a
material weakness as of March 31, 2006. In response to this material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting, we are implementing, and may be required to further implement,
additional controls and procedures. Furthermore, we intend to continue improving our internal
control over financial reporting, and the implementation and testing of these continued
improvements could result in increased cost and could divert management attention away from
operating our business.

     In future periods, if the process required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act reveals
further material weaknesses or significant deficiencies, the correction of any such material
weakness or significant deficiency could require additional remedial measures including additional
personnel which could be costly and time-consuming. If a material weakness exists as of a future
period year-end (including a material weakness identified prior to year-end for which there is an
insufficient period of time to evaluate and confirm the effectiveness of the corrections or related
new procedures), our management will be unable to report favorably as of such future period
year-end to the effectiveness of our control over financial reporting. If we are unable to assert
that our internal control over financial reporting is effective in any future period, or if we
continue to experience material weaknesses in our internal

14

Table of Contents

control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and
completeness of our financial reports, which would have an adverse effect on our stock price and
potentially subject us to litigation.

If the carrying value of our long-lived assets were not recoverable, recognition of an
impairment loss would be required, which would adversely affect our financial results.

     We evaluate our long-lived assets, including property and equipment, goodwill, acquired
product rights and other intangible assets, whenever events or circumstances occur which indicate
that these assets might be impaired or periodically as required by generally accepted accounting
principles. In addition, the realizability of acquired technology and capitalized software
development costs is evaluated quarterly, and goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives
are evaluated annually for impairment in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, regardless of
events and circumstances. The reader should be aware that in the continuing process of evaluating
the recoverability of the carrying amount of our long-lived assets, there is the possibility that
we could identify a substantial impairment, which could adversely affect our financial results.

Expensing of share-based compensation will reduce our reported earnings and could adversely
affect our ability to attract and retain key personnel.

     We have historically used stock options and other long-term equity incentives as a fundamental
component of our employee compensation packages. In accounting for our stock option grants using
the intrinsic value method under the provisions of APB Opinion No. 25, we have generally recognized
no compensation cost because the exercise price of options granted has generally been equal to the
market value of our common stock on the date of grant. The FASB has revised United States generally
accepted accounting principles such that we will be required to record charges to earnings for
employee stock option grants beginning April 1, 2006, which will negatively impact our earnings.
The full impact cannot be predicted at this time because it will depend on levels of share-based
payments granted in the future. In addition, the New York Stock Exchange rule requiring stockholder
approval for all stock option plans could make it more difficult for us to adopt plans to grant
options to employees in the future. Like other companies, we have reviewed our equity compensation
strategy in light of the current regulatory and competitive environment and have decided to reduce
the number of employees who receive share-based compensation. As a result, we may incur increased
cash compensation costs or find it difficult to attract, retain and motivate employees, and such
difficulty could materially adversely affect our business.

Interpretations of existing accounting pronouncements could adversely affect our financial
results.

     On April 1, 1998 and 1999, we adopted AICPA SOP 97-2, “Software Revenue Recognition,” and SOP
98-9 “Modification of SOP 97-2, Software Revenue Recognition, With Respect to Certain Transactions”
(collectively, SOPs), respectively. The adoption of these standards did not have a material impact
on our financial position or operating results. Based on our reading and interpretation of these
SOPs, we expect that our current sales contract terms and business arrangements have been properly
reported. Future interpretations of existing accounting standards or changes in our business
practices could result in future changes in our revenue accounting policies that could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.