We operate in a dynamic environment that involves numerous risks and uncertainties. The
following section describes some of the risks that may adversely affect our business, financial
condition, operating results and cash flows; these are not necessarily listed in terms of their
importance or level of risk.

Weakened economic conditions and uncertainty could adversely affect our operating results.

Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions. As a result of the
recent major global recession and government responses to such recession, the United States and
other key international economies continue to experience significant uncertainty, stock market
volatility, tightened credit markets, significant unemployment, volatility in commodity prices and
concerns about inflation. The severity or length of time these economic and financial market
conditions may persist is unknown, and the rate and pace of recovery in individual economies is
also uncertain. During challenging and uncertain economic times and in tight credit markets, many
customers may delay or reduce technology purchases. Contract negotiations may become more
protracted or difficult if customers institute additional internal approvals for software purchases
or require more negotiation of contract terms and conditions. These economic conditions could
result in reductions in sales of our products, longer sales cycles, difficulties in collection of
accounts receivable or delayed payments, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price
competition. In addition, continued deterioration of the global credit markets could adversely
impact our ability to complete sales of our solutions and services, including maintenance and
support renewals, or the value of our financial assets. Any of these events would likely harm our
business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

We may announce lower than expected revenue, bookings, earnings or operating cash flows.

Our ability to accurately and consistently predict revenue, bookings, earnings and operating
cash flows within narrow ranges is weakened by two principal factors:

•

first, a significant portion of our transactions close during the final days of each
quarter; this pattern is evident across product lines and among all sales channels; and

•

second, even after contracts have been executed, extensive analysis is required before
the timing of revenue recognition can
be reliably determined; this timing reflects both the complexity of the revenue recognition
rules applicable to software and the effect that the various license types and other terms
and conditions can have when these rules are applied.

8

Table of Contents

Numerous other factors, some listed below, also have potential to adversely affect our
financial results:

•

customers may defer or limit purchases as a result of reduced
information technology budgets or reduced data processing capacity demand;

•

customers may require additional levels of internal approval prior to finalizing
software purchases or renewals, which could lengthen the sales cycle and delay bookings and
the resultant cash flows;

•

we may lose customers to our competitors or due to customer
consolidation;

•

we may be required to defer more license revenue than we anticipate if our mix of
complex transactions or contracts with terms and conditions requiring deferral of license
revenue is greater than we plan for;

•

we may be unable to adapt our solutions to customers’ needs in a market space defined by
constant technological change;

•

we may be unable to satisfy increased customer demands for our technical support services which
may adversely affect our relationships with our customers;

•

the timing of orders and delivery of products to our customers and channel
partners is uncertain;

•

we may experience losses on investments, foreign currency exchange contracts or other losses
from financial instruments we hold that are exposed to market losses;

•

we may experience unexpected changes or significant fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;

•

 tax rates in jurisdictions in which we operate may change;

•

we may experience higher than expected operating expenses;

•

weighted average shares outstanding may increase unexpectedly due to much higher than
expected exercises of stock options or a sudden and significant increase in our stock price
causing our fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding to increase, either of which
could cause reported earnings per share to decline;

•

we may be affected by the timing of large, multi-product transactions or become
dependent upon such transactions;

•

our pricing and distribution terms and/or those of our competitors may change; and

•

our business may be adversely affected as a result of the threat
of significant external events that increase global economic uncertainty.

Investors should not rely on the results of prior periods as an indication of our future
performance. Our operating expense levels are based, in significant part, on our expectations of
future revenue. If we have a shortfall in revenue in any given quarter, we will not be able to
proportionally reduce our operating expenses for that quarter in response to such a shortfall.
Therefore, any significant shortfall in revenue will likely have an immediate adverse effect on our
operating results for that quarter and could cause our stock price to decline. In addition, our
ability to maintain or expand our operating margins may be limited given economic and competitive
conditions, and we therefore could be reliant upon our ability to continually identify and
implement operational improvements in order to maintain or reduce expense levels. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to maintain or expand our current operating margins in the future.

9

Table of Contents

Our cloud offerings bring new business and operational risks.

We have introduced multiple new products and technology initiatives to provide systems
management solutions in the emerging area of cloud computing. We include in this category our SaaS
offerings. Our SaaS offerings provide our customers with existing and new software management
through a hosted service as opposed to traditional software deployments. There can be no assurance
that SaaS revenue will be significant in the future despite our levels of investment. There is a
risk that our SaaS offerings may reduce demand for licenses and maintenance of our traditional
software products which could impact our revenue and/or operating margins. There is also a risk
that our internal development and customer support teams could find it difficult or costly to
support both traditional software installed by customers and software delivered as a service. To
the extent that our new SaaS offerings are defective or there are disruptions to our services,
demand for our SaaS offerings could diminish and we could be subject to substantial liability. In
addition, interruptions or delays in service from our third party service delivery hosts could
impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. If we or our third party service
delivery hosts experience security breaches and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer’s
data or our data, our services may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop
using our services and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities.

Our success in the emerging area of cloud computing depends on organizations and customers
perceiving technological and operational benefits and cost savings associated with the increasing
adoption of virtual infrastructure solutions for on-premise data centers as well as for cloud
computing and end-user computing. Concerns about security, privacy, availability, data integrity,
retention and ownership may negatively impact the rate of adoption of cloud computing.
Cloud computing
environments are complex and the deployment of our systems management solutions in the cloud may
 require additional professional services and implementation services for which we may
not have the ability to provide at an appropriate margin.
In the
cloud, our products are dependent upon third party hardware, software and cloud hosting vendors,
all of which must interoperate for end users to achieve their computing goals.
 Since the cloud computing market is in
the early stages of development, we expect other companies to enter this market and to introduce
their own initiatives that may compete with, or not be compatible with, our cloud solutions.
Additionally, operating margins on our new initiatives may be lower than those we have achieved
in our more mature product markets, and our new initiatives may not generate sufficient revenue to
recoup our investments in them. If any of these events were to occur, it could adversely affect
our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We may have difficulty achieving our cash flow from operations goals.

Our quarterly cash flow from operations is and has been volatile. If our cash generated from
operations in some future period is materially less than the market expects, our stock price could
decline. Factors that could adversely affect our cash flow from operations in the future include:
lengthening sales cycles; a reduction in the size of transactions; the timing of transaction
completion, billings and associated cash collections within a particular period; longer customer
payment terms; an increase in late payments by customers; an increase in uncollectible accounts
receivable; increased expenses; reduced net earnings; a significant shift from multi-year committed
contracts to short-term contracts; a reduced ability to transfer finance receivables to third
parties; an increase in contracts where internal costs such as sales commissions are paid upfront
but payments from customers are collected over time; reduced renewal rates for maintenance; an
increase in cash taxes; payments for legal actions, costs, fees or settlements; restructuring
payments; the impact of changing foreign currency exchange rates; and reduced yields on investments
and cash equivalents.

Maintenance revenue could decline.

Maintenance revenue is an important source of recurring revenue, and we invest significant
resources to provide maintenance and support services to our customers. Maintenance fees generally
increase as the licensed capacity increases; consequently, we generally receive higher absolute
maintenance fees with new license and maintenance agreements and as existing customers license our
products for additional processing capacity. Price competition on enterprise transactions can lead
to increased discounting for higher levels of supplemental processing capacity; the maintenance
fees on a per unit of capacity basis are typically reduced in enterprise license agreements. In
addition, customers are generally entitled to reduced annual maintenance fees for entering into
long-term maintenance contracts. Declines in our license bookings, increases in the proportion of
long-term maintenance contracts and/or increased discounting could lead to declines in our
maintenance revenue growth rates. Should customers migrate from systems and applications which our
products support, utilize alternatives to our products, including maintenance-free solutions such
as on demand, or become dissatisfied with our maintenance services, increased cancellations could
lead to declines in our maintenance revenue. As maintenance revenue makes up a substantial portion
of our total revenue, any decline in our maintenance revenue could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

10

Table of Contents

Our professional services business is growing but could impact our overall margins.

Our professional services business has been growing as our overall bookings have grown and
customers have contracted with us to
provide implementation and other value-adding services. There are a number of risks associated with
our professional services business which could impact our ability to deliver high quality services
and which could impact our overall profit margin. These include the availability and our ability
to engage quality labor resources, both as employees and as third party contractors, incremental
costs associated with third party contractors, the complexity of services engagements, contractual
risks, pricing and bidding risks and potential cost overruns. If we are not able to effectively
manage the growth of our professional services business, it could have a material adverse effect on
our reputation and our operating results, including our profit margin.

Competition from large, powerful multi-line and small, agile single-line competitors could have a
negative impact on our business and financial results.

Some of our largest competitors, including IBM, CA and HP, have significant scale advantages.
With scale comes a large installed base of customers in particular market niches, as well as the
ability to develop and market software competitive with ours. Some of these competitors can also
bundle hardware, software and services together, which is a disadvantage for us since we do not
provide hardware and have fewer services offerings. Competitive products are also offered by
numerous independent software companies that specialize in specific aspects of the highly
fragmented software industry. Some, like Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft), Oracle Corporation
(Oracle), and SAP AG (SAP) are the leading developers and vendors in their
specialized markets. In addition, new companies enter the market on a frequent and regular basis,
offering products that compete with some individual products offered by us. Market entrants
utilizing alternative business models such as software-as-a-service, cloud computing or open source
software also compete against us. As the use of open source software becomes more widespread,
certain open source technology could become competitive with our proprietary technology, which
could cause sales of our products to decline or force us to reduce the fees we charge for our
products. Other data center vendors may expand into systems management to complement their
existing offerings. Additionally, many customers historically have developed their own products
that compete with those offered by us. Competition from any of these sources can result in price
reductions or displacement of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

Industry consolidation could affect prices or demand for our products.

The IT industry and the market for our systems management products are very competitive due to
a variety of factors. As the enterprise systems software market matures, it is consolidating. This
trend could create opportunities for larger companies, such as IBM, HP, Microsoft, Oracle and other
large enterprise software and hardware companies, to increase their market share through the
acquisition of companies that dominate certain lucrative market niches or that have loyal installed
customer bases. In doing so, these competitors may be able to reduce prices on software that
competes with our solutions, in part by leveraging their larger economies of scale. Consolidation
also may permit competitors to offer a broader suite of products and more comprehensive bundled
solutions, including hardware, software and services. We expect this trend towards consolidation
to continue as companies attempt to maintain or extend their market and competitive positions in
the rapidly changing software industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue
operations. This industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are better able to
compete as sole-source vendors for customers. This could lead to more variability in our operating
results due to lengthening of the customer evaluation process, increased pricing pressure and/or
loss of business to these larger competitors, which may materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

Our products must remain compatible with ever-changing operating and database environments.

IBM, HP, Microsoft and Oracle are by far the largest suppliers of systems and database
software and, in some cases, are the manufacturers of the computer hardware systems used by most of
our customers. Historically, operating and database system developers have modified or introduced
new operating systems, database systems, systems software and computer hardware. Such new products
could incorporate features which perform functions currently performed by our products or could
require substantial modification of our products to maintain compatibility with these companies’
hardware or software. There can be no assurance that we will be able to adapt our products and our
business to changes introduced by hardware manufacturers and operating and database system software
developers. Operating and database system software developers have in the past provided us with
early access to versions of their software, before making such software generally available, to
have input into the functionality and to ensure that we can adapt our software to exploit new
functionality in these systems. Some companies, however, may adopt more restrictive policies in the
future or impose unfavorable terms and conditions for such access. These restrictions may result in
higher research and development costs for us in connection with the enhancement and modification of
our existing products and the development of new products. Failure to adapt our products in a
timely manner to changes in operating and database systems, or any product quality and performance
issues with the underlying databases or operating systems resulting in degradation of our products’
quality and performance, could influence customer decisions to forego the use of our products in
favor of those with comparable functionality offered by competitors or within the operating system
and database functionality itself which could result in a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

11

Table of Contents

Future product development is dependent upon access to and reliability of third party software
products and open source software.

Certain of our software products contain components developed and maintained by third party
software vendors. We expect that we may have to incorporate software from third party vendors in
our future products. We also incorporate open source software in certain of our software products.
We may not be able to replace the functionality provided by the third party or open source
software currently offered with our products if that software becomes obsolete, defective or
incompatible with future versions of our products or is not adequately maintained or updated, or if
our relationship with the third party vendor terminates.
In addition, we must carefully monitor and manage our use of, and compliance with the licensing requirements of, open source software.
Any significant interruption in the
availability of these third party software products on commercially acceptable terms, defects in
these products
or our inability to comply with the licensing terms of either third party commercial software or open source software
could delay development of future products or enhancement of future products and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and
cash flows.

Future product development is dependent on adequate research and development resources.

In order to remain competitive, we must continue to develop new products and enhancements to
our existing products. This is particularly true as we further expand our BSM capabilities.
Maintaining adequate research and development resources to meet the demands of the market is
essential. Failure to do so could present an advantage to our competitors. Furthermore, if we are
unable to develop products internally due to certain constraints, such as high employee turnover,
lack of management ability or a lack of other development resources, it may force us to expand into
a certain market or strategy via an acquisition for which we could potentially pay too much or
unsuccessfully integrate into our operations.

Discovery of errors in our software could adversely affect our earnings.

The software products we offer are inherently complex. Despite testing and quality control, we
cannot be certain that errors will not be found in current versions, new versions or enhancements
of our products after commencement of commercial delivery. If new or existing customers have
difficulty deploying our products or require significant amounts of customer support, our operating
margins could be harmed. Moreover, we could face possible claims and higher development costs if
our software contains undetected errors or if we fail to meet our customers’ expectations. With our
BSM strategy, these risks increase because we are combining already complex products to create
solutions that are even more complicated than the aggregation of their product components.
Significant technical challenges could also arise with our products because our customers purchase
and deploy our products across a variety of computer platforms and integrate them with a number of
third party software applications and databases. These combinations increase our risk further
because in the event of a system-wide failure, it may be difficult to determine which product is at
fault; thus, we may be harmed by the failure of another supplier’s products.

As a result of the
foregoing, we could experience loss of or delay in revenue and loss of market share;
loss of customers;
damage to our reputation;
failure to achieve market acceptance;
diversion of development resources;
increased service and warranty costs;
legal actions by customers against us which could, whether or not successful, increase
costs and distract our management; and
increased insurance costs.

We are subject to risks associated with our indirect distribution channels.

A portion of our revenue is derived from the sale of our products and services through
indirect distribution channels such as resellers, systems integrators and strategic partners. In
addition, we maintain strategic agreements with hardware vendors permitting them to sell our
software solutions as part of their hardware systems. Conducting business through indirect
distribution channels presents a number of risks, including:

•

our indirect channel partners typically can cease marketing our products and services
with limited or no notice and with little or no penalty;

12

Table of Contents

•

we may not be able to replace existing or recruit additional indirect channel partners
if we lose any of our existing ones;

•

our existing indirect channel partners may not be able to effectively sell new
products and services that we may introduce;

•

we do not have direct control over the business practices, compliance programs and
processes or risk management policies adopted by our indirect channel partners and they
may engage in inappropriate practices without our knowledge which could result in
penalties and/or reputational damage to us;

•

our indirect channel partners may not be able to deliver the same quality or standard
of services that we do which may require us to engage with their customers at a direct
cost to us to protect our product and services standards and reputation;

•

our indirect channel partners may also offer competitive products and services through
acquisition or internal development and as such, may not give priority to the marketing
of our products and services as compared to our competitors’ products;

•

we may face conflicts between the activities of our indirect channels and our direct
sales and marketing activities;

•

our indirect channel partners may experience financial difficulties that may impact
their ability to market our products and may lead to delays, or even default, in their
payment obligations to us; and

•

we also depend on our indirect channel partners for accurate and timely reporting of
our channel sales; any disruption, delay or under-reporting by our indirect channel
partners could have an adverse effect on our bookings, revenues and cash flows.

Changes to our sales organization can be disruptive and may negatively impact our results of
operations.

From time to time, we make significant changes in the organizational structure and
compensation plans of our sales organizations. To the extent that we experience turnover within our
direct sales force or sales management, there is a risk that the productivity of our sales force
would be negatively impacted which could lead to revenue declines. Turnover within our sales force
can require significant severance expense and cause disruption in sales cycles leading to delay or
loss of business. In addition, it can take time to implement new sales management plans and to
effectively recruit and train new sales representatives. We review and modify our compensation
plans for the sales organization periodically. As in most years, we have made changes for fiscal
2012 that are intended to align with our business objectives. Changes to our sales compensation
plans could make it difficult for us to attract and retain top sales talent.

We are subject to risks related to business combinations.

As part of our overall strategy, we have acquired or invested in, and likely will continue to
acquire or invest in, complementary companies, products and technologies. Risks commonly
encountered in such transactions include:

•

we may not retain and integrate key technical, sales and managerial personnel;

•

we may not assimilate the personnel, culture and operations of the combined
companies, including back-office functions and systems, such as accounting, human
resources and others, into our own back-office functions and systems;

•

 we may not be able to integrate the acquired technologies or products
with our current products and technologies;

•

our ongoing business could be disrupted, including
management being distracted from other objectives, opportunities and risks;

•

we may not maximize our financial and strategic position through
the successful integration of acquired businesses;

•

our policies, procedures and controls may not be applied to the
acquired entity in a timely manner following the acquisition;

•

relationships with the acquired entity’s customers,
partners or vendors might degrade, creating challenges for us to meet the objectives of the
acquisition;

13

Table of Contents

•

our pre-acquisition due diligence may fail to identify technology
issues, such as problems with software code, architecture or functionality, intellectual
property ownership issues, employment or management issues, customer or partner issues,
errors or irregularities in the accounting or financial reporting of the target, unknown
liabilities of the target, legal contingencies, compliance failures or other issues;

•

revenue from acquired companies, products and technologies may not meet
our expectations;

•

our use of cash to pay for acquisitions may limit other potential uses
of our cash, including stock repurchases; similarly, existing stockholders
could be diluted and earnings per share may decrease if we were to issue a significant
amount of equity securities as full or partial consideration in future acquisitions; and

•

our chosen strategy leading to the acquisition may not be the appropriate
strategy or our resources may be better utilized developing technology via
internal product development.

In order for us to maximize the return on our investments in acquired companies, the products
of these entities must be integrated with our existing products and strategies. These integrations
can be difficult and unpredictable, especially given the complexity of software and that acquired
technology is typically developed independently and may not have been designed to integrate with
our products. The difficulties are compounded when the products involved are well-established
because compatibility with the existing base of installed products must be preserved. Successful
integration also requires coordination of different development and engineering teams. This too can
be difficult and unpredictable because of possible cultural conflicts and different opinions on
technical decisions and product roadmaps. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in
our product integration efforts or that we will realize the expected benefits.

Changes in tax law, changes in our effective tax rate or exposure to additional income tax
liabilities could affect our profitability and financial condition.

We carry out our business operations through entities in the United States and multiple
foreign jurisdictions. As such, we are required to file corporate income tax returns that are
subject to United States, state and foreign tax laws. The United States, state and foreign tax
liabilities are determined, in part, by the amount of operating profit generated in these different
taxing jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate, earnings and operating cash flows could be adversely
affected by changes in the mix of operating profits generated in countries with higher statutory
tax rates as well as by the positioning of our cash balances globally. Our effective tax rate is
also impacted by the portion of our foreign earnings in jurisdictions having different corporate
tax rates than the United States when we deem such earnings to be indefinitely reinvested in such
jurisdictions. If we were to determine that these foreign earnings were not indefinitely
reinvested, our effective tax rate and earnings could be adversely impacted. Similarly, if
statutory tax rates or tax bases were to increase or if changes in tax laws, regulations or
interpretations were made that impact us directly, our effective tax rate, earnings and operating
cash flows could be adversely impacted. We are also required to evaluate the realizability of our
deferred tax assets. This evaluation requires that our management assess the positive and negative
evidence regarding sources of future taxable income. If management’s assessment regarding the
realizability of our deferred tax assets changes, we will be required to increase our valuation
allowance, which will negatively impact our effective tax rate and earnings. We are also subject to
routine corporate income tax audits in multiple jurisdictions. Our provision for income taxes
includes amounts intended to satisfy income tax assessments that may result from the examination of
our corporate tax returns that have been filed in these jurisdictions. The amounts ultimately paid
upon resolution of these examinations could be materially different from the amounts included in
the provision for income taxes and result in additional tax expense and operating cash outflows.

We must protect our intellectual property rights.

We rely on a combination of copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality
procedures and contractual procedures to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our
efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, it may be possible for unauthorized third
parties to misappropriate, copy or pirate certain portions of our products or to reverse engineer
or obtain and use technology or other information that we regard as proprietary. There can also be
no assurance that our intellectual property rights would survive a legal challenge as to their
validity or provide significant protection for us, and any such legal actions could become costly.
In addition, the laws or practices of certain countries do not protect our proprietary rights to
the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we
will be able to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized third party copying or use,
which could adversely affect our competitive position and revenue.

14

Table of Contents

Third parties may claim that our software products or services infringe on their intellectual
property rights, exposing us to litigation that, regardless of merit, may be costly to defend.

Our success and ability to compete are also dependent upon our ability to operate without
infringing upon the proprietary rights of others. Third parties may claim that our current or
future products or services infringe upon their intellectual property rights. Any such claim, with
or without merit, could have a significant effect on our business and financial results. Any future
third party claim could be time consuming, divert management’s attention from our business
operations and result in substantial litigation costs, including any monetary damages and customer
indemnification obligations, which may result from such claims. In addition, parties making these
claims may be able to obtain injunctive or other equitable relief affecting our ability to license
the products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property. As a result of such claims, we
may be required to obtain licenses from third parties, develop alternative technology or redesign
our products. We cannot be sure that such licenses would be available on terms acceptable to us, if
at all. If a successful claim is made against us and we are unable to develop or license
alternative technology, our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could
be materially adversely affected.

We are subject to risks related to global operations.

We are a global company
that conducts sales, sales support, professional services, product development and support, marketing
and product distribution services from numerous offices throughout the world. We are subject to a variety of risks and challenges in managing an organization operating in
various countries, including:

•

difficulties in staffing and managing international operations, including compliance
with local labor and employment laws;

•

non-compliance with our professional conduct policy and code of ethics or
other corporate policies;

•

longer payment cycles;

•

increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities;

•

adverse tax consequences;

•

adverse impact of inflation;

•

changes in foreign currency exchange rates;

•

impact from volatile or sluggish local economies or global macroeconomic
conditions;

•

loss of proprietary information, including intellectual property, due to piracy,
misappropriation or weaker laws regarding intellectual property protection;

•

the need to localize our products;

•

lack of appropriate local infrastructure to carry out operations;

•

political unrest or terrorism, particularly in areas in which we have employees and
facilities;

•

potential vulnerability to computer system, internet or other systemic attacks, such
as denial of service, viruses or other malware which may be caused by criminals,
terrorists or other sophisticated organizations;

•

compliance with a wide variety of complex laws, regulations and treaties including
unexpected changes in (or new) legislative or regulatory requirements, early termination
of contracts with government agencies, audits, investigations, sanctions or penalties;

•

licenses, tariffs and other trade barriers; and

•

natural disaster, disease or other extraordinary events impacting business continuity.

15

Table of Contents

U.S. and international laws and regulations that apply to our global operations are
complex and increase our cost of doing business. U.S. laws and
regulations applicable to our international operations include the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
and export control laws. International laws and regulations include local laws which also prohibit
bribery (including the anticipated UK Bribery Act), including commercial bribery, and corrupt payments to governmental officials, data privacy
requirements, labor relations laws, tax laws, anti-competition regulations, import and trade
restrictions and export requirements. We have adopted and implemented policies and procedures
designed to promote compliance with U.S. laws and the laws of the jurisdictions in which we
operate. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in criminal or civil fines against
us, our officers or our employees; restrictions on the conduct of our business; harm to our brand
or reputation; and delays in potential acquisitions. Such violations could result in penalties and
other restrictions that may, under certain circumstances, materially and adversely impact our
operating results and financial condition.

The unique risks of operating in a particular country may require us to adopt a different
business approach or strategy in that particular country which could increase our cost of doing
business or limit the type of business activities we can perform in such country. In addition, if
we suffer a business disruption due to any of the risks listed above and do not have in place or
are not able to implement adequate response plans, our ability to support customers and maintain
normal business operations for a significant length of time could be hindered such that our
competitive position could be significantly impacted. Furthermore, our financial condition could be
adversely impacted if our costs to recover escalate due to such recovery occurring over a
protracted period.

We maintain a significant presence in India, Israel and other emerging market countries,
conducting substantial software development and support, marketing operations, IT operations and
certain financial operations in those locations. Accordingly, we are directly affected by economic,
political, physical and electrical infrastructure and military conditions in these countries. Any
major hostilities or the interruption or curtailment of trade between these countries and their
present trading partners could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
operating results and cash flows. We maintain contingency and business continuity plans for all
significant locations, and to date, various regional conflicts or other local economic or political
issues have not caused any major adverse impact on our operations in these countries. Should we be
unable to conduct operations in these regions in the future, and our contingency and business
continuity plans are unsuccessful, our business could be adversely affected. Furthermore, as the
software and technology labor market in these countries has developed at a rapid pace, with many
multi-national companies competing for talent, there is a risk that wage and attrition rates will
rise faster than we have anticipated which could lead to operational issues.

We face exposure to foreign currency exchange rates.

We conduct significant transactions, including intercompany transactions, in currencies other
than the United States dollar or the functional operating currency of the transactional entities,
and our global subsidiaries maintain significant net assets that are denominated in currencies
other than the functional operating currencies of these entities. Accordingly, changes in the value
of foreign currencies relative to the United States dollar can significantly affect our revenues and
operating results due to transactional and translational remeasurement that is reflected in our
earnings. While we maintain a hedging program to hedge certain transactional exposures in foreign
currencies in an attempt to mitigate foreign currency exchange rate risks, this program may not
fully mitigate all such risk. We may also experience foreign currency exchange rate gains and
losses where it is not cost effective to hedge foreign currencies in part or in full. Additionally,
our efforts under this program may not be successful if we were to fail to properly detect or
manage foreign currency exchange rate exposures, which could also adversely impact our operating
results.

We may lose key personnel, may not be able to hire enough qualified personnel or may fail to
integrate replacement personnel.

Much of our future success depends on the continued service and availability of skilled
personnel, including sales, technical and management resources and the availability of skilled
contract labor. Experienced personnel in the information technology industry are in high demand and
competition for their talents is intense. Changing demographics and labor work force trends may
result in a loss of knowledge and skills as experienced workers retire. Effective succession
planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of
knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and
execution. In addition, acquisitions could cause us to lose key personnel of the acquired companies
or our personnel. With rare exceptions, we do not have long-term employment agreements with our
employees. Further, certain of our key personnel receive a total compensation package that includes
equity awards. New regulations, volatility in the stock market and other factors could diminish our
use, and/or the value, of our equity awards, putting us at a competitive disadvantage or forcing us
to use more cash compensation.

In addition, we continually focus on improving our cost structure. We have been hiring
personnel in countries where advanced technical expertise is available at lower costs and we
frequently utilize contract labor for short-term needs. When we make adjustments to our workforce,
we may incur expenses associated with workforce reductions that delay the benefit of a more
efficient workforce structure. We may also experience increased competition for employees in these
countries as the trend toward globalization continues which may affect our employee retention
efforts, increase our dependence on contract labor and/or increase our expenses in an effort to
offer a competitive compensation program for full-time employees.

16

Table of Contents

We have also undertaken restructuring actions over the past several years to improve our cost
structure involving significant reductions in our workforce, relocation of job functions to
overseas locations and changes to our organizational structure. We will continue to make
organizational changes aimed at improving our operating margins and driving operating efficiencies.
Some of these changes may result in future workforce reductions or rebalancing actions. These
efforts place a strain on our management, administrative, technical, operational and financial
infrastructure.

If we fail to manage these changes effectively, it could adversely affect our ability to
manage our business and our operating results.

Our business and products are dependent on the use of IT systems.

Our IT systems and related software applications are integral to our business.
We rely on controls and systems to ensure data integrity of critical business information.
Lack of data integrity could create inaccuracies and hinder our ability to perform meaningful
business analysis and make informed business decisions.
Computer
programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate, copy or
pirate our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause
interruptions or shutdowns of our internal systems and services. A number of websites have been
subject to denial of service attacks, where a website is bombarded with information requests
eventually causing the website to overload, resulting in a delay or disruption of service. Also,
there is a growing trend of advanced persistent threats being launched by organized and coordinated
groups against corporate networks to breach security for malicious purposes. If successful, any of
these events could damage our computer systems or those of our customers and could disrupt or
prevent us from providing timely maintenance and support for our products. Computer programmers and
hackers also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs
that attack our products or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our products. The
costs to us to eliminate or alleviate security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software
programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant, and the efforts to address these
problems could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or
potential customers and may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution and other critical
functions.

In the course of our regular business operations and providing maintenance support services to
our customers, we process and transmit proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data,
including personal information of employees, customers and others. Breaches in security could
expose us, our customers or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this
information, resulting in potential regulatory actions, litigation and potential liability for us,
as well as the loss of existing or potential customers and damage to our brand and reputation.

Despite network security, disaster recovery and systems management measures in place, we may
encounter unexpected general systems outages or failures that may affect our ability to conduct
research and development, provide maintenance and support of our products, manage our contractual
arrangements, accurately and efficiently maintain our books and records, record our transactions,
provide critical information to our management and prepare our financial statements. Additionally,
these unexpected systems outages or failures may require additional personnel and financial
resources, disrupt our business or cause delays in the reporting of our financial results. We may
also be required to modify, enhance, upgrade or implement new systems, procedures and controls to
reflect changes in our business or technological advancements, which could cause us to incur
additional costs and require additional management attention, placing burdens on our internal
resources. We also outsource certain IT-related functions to third parties that are responsible for
maintaining their own network security, disaster recovery and systems management procedures. If
we, or our third party IT vendors, fail to manage our IT systems and related software applications
effectively, it could adversely affect our business operations, operating results and cash flows.