We operate in a dynamic environment that involves numerous risks and uncertainties. The following section
describes some of the risks that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
flows; these are not necessarily listed in terms of their importance or level of risk.

Adverse changes in general economic or political conditions in any
of the major countries in which we do business could adversely affect our operating results.

As a global company, we are subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in domestic and global economic and
political conditions. For example, the direction and relative strength of the United States economy has recently been
increasingly uncertain due to softness in the housing markets, rising oil prices, difficulties in the financial
services sector and continuing geopolitical uncertainties. If economic growth in the United States and other countries’
economies slows, customers may delay or reduce technology purchases. This could result in reductions in sales of our
products, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. In addition, a
deterioration of the global credit markets could adversely impact our ability to complete sales of our products or the
value of our financial assets. Any of these events would likely harm our business, financial condition, operating
results and cash flows.

We may announce lower than expected revenue, license bookings, earnings or operating cash flows, which could cause our
stock price to decline.

Our ability to accurately and consistently predict revenue, license bookings and earnings within narrow ranges is
weakened by two principal factors:

•

first, a significant portion of our license transactions close during the final days of each quarter; this
pattern is evident in all product lines and among all sales channels; and

•

second, even after contracts have been executed, extensive analysis is required before the timing of
revenue recognition can be reliably determined; this timing reflects both the complexity of the revenue
recognition rules applicable to software and the effect that the various license types and other terms and
conditions can have when these rules are applied.

Numerous other factors, some listed below, also have potential to adversely affect our financial results:

•

the possibility that our customers may defer or limit purchases as a result of reduced information
technology budgets or reduced data processing capacity demand;

•

our ability to adapt our solutions to customers’ needs in a market space defined by constant technological
change;

•

our ability to satisfy increased customer demands of our technical support services may adversely affect
our relationship with our customers;

•

uncertain timing of orders and delivery of products to our customers and channel partners;

•

potential losses on investments, foreign exchange exposures or contracts, or other losses from financial
instruments we may hold that are exposed to market losses;

•

higher than expected operating expenses;

8

Table of Contents

•

an unexpected increase in weighted average shares outstanding due to much higher than expected exercises of
stock options or a sudden and significant increase in our stock price causing our fully diluted weighted
average shares outstanding to increase, either of which could cause reported earnings per share to decline;

•

unintended consequences of our use of open source software;

•

we may be affected by the timing of large transactions or become dependent upon such transactions;

•

changes in our pricing and distribution terms and/or those of our competitors; and

•

the possibility that our business will be adversely affected as a result of the threat of significant
external events that increase global economic uncertainty.

Investors should not rely on the results of prior periods as an indication of our future performance. Our
operating expense levels are based, in significant part, on our expectations of future revenue. If we have a shortfall
in revenue in any given quarter, we will not be able to reduce our operating expenses for that quarter proportionally
in response. Therefore, any significant shortfall in revenue will likely have an immediate adverse effect on our
operating results for that quarter, and could cause our stock price to decline.

We may have difficulty achieving our cash flow from operations goals.

Our quarterly cash flow is and has been volatile. If our cash generated from operations in some future period is
materially less than the market expects, our stock price could decline. Factors that could adversely affect our cash
flow from operations in the future include: reduced net earnings; increased time required for the collection of
accounts receivable; an increase in uncollectible accounts receivable; a significant shift from multi-year committed
contracts to short-term contracts; a reduced ability to transfer finance receivables to third parties; an increase in
contracts where expenses such as sales commissions are paid upfront but payments from customers are collected over
time; reduced renewal rates for maintenance; an increase in cash taxes; outlays from legal actions, costs, fees or
settlements; realized losses on foreign exchange; and reduced yields on investments and cash and cash equivalents.

Maintenance revenue could decline.

Maintenance revenue has increased in each of the last three fiscal years as a result of acquisitions and the
continuing growth in the base of installed products and the processing capacity on which they run. Maintenance fees
increase as the processing capacity on which the products are installed increases; consequently, we receive higher
absolute maintenance fees with new license and maintenance agreements and as existing customers install our products on
additional processing capacity. Price competition on enterprise transactions can lead to increased discounting for
higher levels of supplemental processing capacity; the maintenance fees on a per unit of capacity basis are typically
reduced in enterprise license agreements. In addition, customers are generally entitled to reduced annual maintenance
fees for entering into long-term maintenance contracts. Declines in our license bookings, increases in the proportion
of long-term maintenance contracts and/or increased discounting could lead to declines in our maintenance revenue
growth rates. Should customers migrate from their mainframe applications or find alternatives to our products,
increased cancellations could lead to declines in our maintenance revenue. As maintenance revenue makes up a
substantial portion of our total revenue, any decline in our maintenance revenue could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows, and could cause our stock price to decline.

The software industry includes large, powerful multi-line and small, agile single-line competitors.

Some of our largest competitors, including IBM, CA and HP have significant scale advantages. With scale comes a
large installed base of customers in particular market niches, as well as the ability to develop and market software
competitive with ours. Some of these competitors can also bundle hardware, software, and services together, which is a
disadvantage for us since we do not provide hardware and have fewer services offerings. Competitive products are also
offered by numerous independent software companies that specialize in specific aspects of the highly fragmented
software industry. Some, like Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft), Oracle Corporation (Oracle), and SAP AG (SAP) are the
leading developers and vendors in their specialized markets. In
addition, new companies enter the market on a frequent and regular basis, offering products that compete with some
individual products offered by us. As the software industry consolidates generally, it is possible that storage and
security vendors such as EMC Corporation and Symantec Corporation will play a more significant role in the systems
management market. Additionally, many customers historically have developed their own products that compete with those
offered by us. Competition from any of these sources can result in price reductions or displacement of our products,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows.

9

Table of Contents

Industry consolidation could affect prices or demand for our products.

The IT industry and the market for our systems management products are very competitive due to a variety of
factors. As the enterprise systems software market matures, it is consolidating. This trend could create opportunities
for larger companies, such as IBM, Microsoft and Oracle, to increase their market share through the acquisition of
companies that dominate certain lucrative market niches or that have loyal installed customer bases. In doing so, these
competitors may be able to reduce prices on software that competes with our solutions, subsidizing such price decreases
with high-margin sales they produce elsewhere in their operations. We expect this trend towards consolidation to
continue as companies attempt to maintain or extend their market and competitive positions in the rapidly changing
software industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. This industry consolidation may
result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. This could lead to
more variability in our operating results due to lengthening of the customer evaluation process, increased pricing
pressure and/or loss of business to these larger competitors, which may materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

Our products must remain compatible with ever-changing operating and database environments.

IBM, HP, Microsoft and Oracle are by far the largest suppliers of systems and database software and, in some
cases, are the manufacturers of the computer hardware systems used by most of our customers. Historically, operating
and database system developers have modified or introduced new operating systems, database systems, systems software
and computer hardware. Such new products could incorporate features which perform functions currently performed by our
products or could require substantial modification of our products to maintain compatibility with these companies’
hardware or software. There can be no assurance that we will be able to adapt our products and our business to changes
introduced by hardware manufacturers and operating and database system software developers. Failure to adapt our
products in a timely manner to such changes or customer decisions to forego the use of our products in favor of those
with comparable functionality contained either in the hardware or operating system could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

Future product development is dependent upon access to third-party source code.

In the past, licensees using proprietary operating systems were furnished with “source code,” which makes the
operating system and hardware generally understandable to programmers, and “object code,” which directly controls the
operating system and hardware, and other technical documentation. Since the availability of source code facilitated the
development of systems and applications software, which must interface with the operating systems, independent software
vendors such as ourselves have been able to develop and market compatible software. IBM and other hardware vendors have
a policy of restricting the use or availability of the source code for some of their operating systems. To date, this
policy has not had a material effect on us. Some companies, however, may adopt more restrictive policies in the future
or impose unfavorable terms and conditions for such access. These restrictions may, in the future, result in higher
research and development costs for us in connection with the enhancement and modification of our existing products and
the development of new products. There can be no assurances that such restrictions or other restrictions will not have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

Future product development is dependent upon early access to third-party operating and database systems.

Operating and database system software developers have in the past provided us with early access to pre-generally
available versions of their software to have input into the functionality and to ensure that we can adapt our
software to exploit new functionality in these systems. Some companies, however, may adopt more restrictive
policies in the future or impose unfavorable terms and conditions for such access. These restrictions may result in
higher research and development costs for us in connection with the enhancement and modification of our existing
products and the development of new products. There can be no assurances that such restrictions or other restrictions
will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

10

Table of Contents

Future product development is dependent upon access to and reliability of third-party software products.

Certain of our software products contain components developed and maintained by third-party software vendors. We
expect that we may have to incorporate software from third-party vendors in our future products. We may not be able to
replace the functionality provided by the third-party software currently offered with our products if that software
becomes obsolete, defective or incompatible with future versions of our products or is not adequately maintained or
updated, or if our relationship with the third-party vendor terminates. Any significant interruption in the
availability of these third-party software products on commercially acceptable terms or defects in these products could
delay development of future products or enhancement of future products and could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

Future product development is dependent on adequate research and development resources.

In order to remain competitive, we must continue to develop new products and enhancements to our existing
products. This is particularly true as we further expand our BSM capabilities. Maintaining adequate research and
development resources, such as the appropriate talent and development technology, to meet the demands of the market is
essential. Failure to do so could present an advantage to our competitors. Further, if we are unable to develop
products internally due to certain constraints, such as high employee turnover, lack of management ability, or a lack
of other development resources, it may force us to expand into a certain market or strategy via an acquisition for
which we could potentially pay too much or unsuccessfully integrate into our operations.

Growing market acceptance of “open source” software could cause a decline in our revenue and operating margins.

Growing market acceptance of open source software has presented both benefits and challenges to the commercial
software industry in recent years. “Open source” software is made widely available by its authors and is licensed “as
is” for a nominal fee or, in some cases, at no charge. As the use of open source software becomes more widespread,
certain open source technology could become competitive with our proprietary technology, which could cause sales of our
products to decline or force us to reduce the fees we charge for our products, which could have a material adverse
impact on our revenue and operating margins.

Discovery of errors in our software could adversely affect our earnings.

The software products we offer are inherently complex. Despite testing and quality control, we cannot be certain
that errors will not be found in current versions, new versions or enhancements of our products after commencement of
commercial delivery. If new or existing customers have difficulty deploying our products or require significant amounts
of customer support, our operating margins could be harmed. Moreover, we could face possible claims and higher
development costs if our software contains undetected errors or if we fail to meet our customers’ expectations. With
our BSM strategy, these risks increase because we are combining already complex products to create solutions that are
even more complicated than the aggregation of their product components. Significant technical challenges could also
arise with our products because our customers purchase and deploy our products across a variety of computer platforms
and integrate them with a number of third-party software applications and databases. These combinations increase our
risk further because in the event of a system-wide failure, it may be difficult to determine which product is at fault;
thus, we may be harmed by the failure of another supplier’s products. As a result of the foregoing, we could
experience:

•

loss of or delay in revenue and loss of market share;

•

loss of customers;

•

damage to our reputation;

•

failure to achieve market acceptance;

•

diversion of development resources;

•

increased service and warranty costs;

•

legal actions by customers against us which could, whether or not successful, increase costs and distract
our management; and

•

increased insurance costs.

11

Table of Contents

Failure to maintain our existing distribution channels and develop additional channels could adversely affect our
revenue.

The percentage of our revenue from sales of our products and services through distribution channels such as
systems integrators and value-added resellers is increasing. Conducting business through indirect distribution channels
presents a number of risks, including:

•

our systems integrators and value-added resellers can cease marketing our products and services with
limited or no notice and with little or no penalty;

•

we may not be able to replace existing or recruit additional systems integrators or value-added resellers
if we lose any of our existing ones;

•

our existing systems integrators and value-added resellers may not be able to effectively sell new products
and services that we may introduce;

•

we do not have direct control over the business practices and risk management policies adopted by our
systems integrators and value-added resellers;

•

our systems integrators and value-added resellers may also offer competitive products and services and as
such, may not give priority to the marketing of our products and services as compared to our competitors’
products; and

•

we may face conflicts between the activities of our indirect channels and our direct sales and marketing
activities.

Changes to compensation of our sales organization may have unintended effects.

We review and modify our compensation plans for the sales organization periodically. As in most years, we have
made changes for fiscal 2009. These plans are intended to align with our business objectives of providing customer
flexibility and satisfaction. The compensation plans may encourage unanticipated or unintended behavior which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. Changes to our sales compensation
plan could also make it difficult for us to attract and retain top sales talent.

Risks related to business combinations.

As part of our overall strategy, we have acquired or invested in, and likely will continue to acquire or invest
in, complementary companies, products, and technologies. Risks commonly encountered in such transactions include:

•

the inability to retain and integrate key technical, sales and managerial personnel;

•

the difficulty of assimilating the personnel and operations of the combined companies, including
back-office functions and systems, such as accounting, human resources and others, into our own back-office
functions and systems;

•

the risk that we may not be able to integrate the acquired technologies or products with our current
products and technologies;

•

the potential disruption of our ongoing business, including potential distraction of management from other
objectives, opportunities and risks;

•

the inability of management to maximize our financial and strategic position through the successful
integration of acquired businesses;

12

Table of Contents

•

the potential that our policies, procedures and controls are not applied to the acquired entity in a timely
manner following the acquisition;

•

degradation of relationships with the acquired entity’s customers, partners or vendors, creating challenges
for us to meet the objectives of the acquisition;

•

failure of our pre-acquisition due diligence to identify material issues, such as problems with software
code, architecture or functionality, employment or management issues, errors or irregularities in the financial
reporting of the target, legal contingencies or other issues we do not discover during our due diligence;

•

the risk that revenue from acquired companies, products and technologies do not meet our expectations;

•

decreases in reported earnings as a result of charges for in-process research and development and
amortization of acquired intangible assets;

•

the risk that our use of cash to pay for acquisitions may limit other potential uses of our cash, including
stock repurchases; and

•

the risk that our chosen strategy leading to the acquisition was not the appropriate strategy, or that
acquiring the technology via the acquisition would have been better carried-out via internal product
development.

For us to maximize the return on our investments in acquired companies, the products of these entities must be
integrated with our existing products and strategies. These integrations can be difficult and unpredictable, especially
given the complexity of software and that acquired technology is typically developed independently and designed with no
regard to integration. The difficulties are compounded when the products involved are well-established because
compatibility with the existing base of installed products must be preserved. Successful integration also requires
coordination of different development and engineering teams. This too can be difficult and unpredictable because of
possible cultural conflicts and different opinions on technical decisions and product roadmaps. There can be no
assurance that we will be successful in our product integration efforts or that we will realize the expected benefits.

Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our
profitability.

We carry out our business operations through entities in the United States and multiple foreign jurisdictions. As
such, we are required to file corporate income tax returns that are subject to United States, state and foreign tax
laws. The United States, state and foreign tax liabilities are determined, in part, by the amount of operating profit
generated in these different taxing jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate and earnings could be adversely affected by
changes in the mix of operating profits generated in countries with higher statutory tax rates as well as by the
positioning of our cash balances globally. Our effective tax rate is also impacted by our determination that a portion
of our foreign earnings are indefinitely reinvested. If we were to determine that these foreign earnings were not
indefinitely reinvested, our effective tax rate could be adversely impacted. We are also required to evaluate the
realizability of our deferred tax assets. This evaluation requires that our management assess the positive and negative
evidence regarding sources of future taxable income. If management’s assessment regarding the realizability of our
deferred tax assets changes, we will be required to increase our valuation allowance, which will
negatively impact our effective tax rate and earnings. We are also subject to routine corporate income tax audits
in multiple jurisdictions. Our provision for income taxes includes amounts intended to satisfy income tax assessments
that may result from the examination of our corporate tax returns that have been filed in these jurisdictions. The
amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these examinations could be materially different from the amounts included
in the provision for income taxes and result in additional tax expense and cash outflows.

13

Table of Contents

Enforcement of our intellectual property rights.

We rely on a combination of copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures and
contractual procedures to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual
property rights, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy certain portions of our products or to
reverse engineer or obtain and use technology or other information that we regard as proprietary. There can also be no
assurance that our intellectual property rights would survive a legal challenge to their validity or provide
significant protection for us, and any such legal actions could become costly. In addition, the laws or practices of
certain countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized
third party copying or use, which could adversely affect our competitive position and revenue.

Possibility of infringement claims.

From time to time, we receive notices from third parties claiming infringement by our products of patent and other
intellectual property rights. We expect that software products will increasingly be subject to such claims as the
number of products and competitors in our industry segments grows and the functionality of products overlaps. In
addition, we may receive more patent infringement claims as companies increasingly seek to patent their software and
business methods and enforce such patents, especially given the increase in software and business method patents issued
during the past several years. Regardless of its merit, responding to any such claim could be time-consuming, result in
costly litigation and require us to enter into royalty and licensing agreements, which may not be offered or available
on terms acceptable to us. A successful claim made against us that we fail to develop or license a substitute
technology for, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
flows.

Risks related to global operations.

We are a global company conducting our business around the world. As a result, we face risks from operating as a
global concern, including, among others:

•

difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;

•

possible non-compliance with our professional conduct policy and code of ethics due to inconsistent
interpretations and/or application of corporate standards;

•

longer payment cycles;

•

increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities;

•

adverse tax consequences;

•

changes in currency exchange rates;

•

potential impact from volatile or sluggish local economies;

•

loss of proprietary information due to piracy, misappropriation or weaker laws regarding intellectual
property protection;

•

the need to localize our products;

•

lack of appropriate local infrastructure to carry out operations;

•

political unrest or terrorism, particularly in areas in which we have facilities;

14

Table of Contents

•

compliance with a wide variety of complex laws and treaties including unexpected changes in (or new)
legislative or regulatory requirements, early termination of contracts with government agencies, audits,
investigations, sanctions or penalties;

•

licenses, tariffs and other trade barriers; and

•

natural disaster or disease.

The absence of adequate response plans to recover from any risks mentioned above in any countries we operate in
could hinder our ability to support customers and maintain normal business operations for a significant length of time
such that our competitive position could be significantly impacted. Furthermore, our financial condition could be
adversely impacted if our costs to recover escalate due to such recovery occurring over a protracted period.

We maintain a significant presence in India, Israel and other emerging market countries, conducting substantial
software development and support, marketing operations, IT operations and certain financial operations. Accordingly, we
are directly affected by economic, political, physical and electrical infrastructure and military conditions in these
countries. Any major hostilities or the interruption or curtailment of trade between these countries and their present
trading partners could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
We maintain contingency and business continuity plans for all significant locations, and to date, various regional
conflicts or other local economic or political issues have not caused any major adverse impact on our operations in
these countries. Should we be unable to conduct operations in these regions in the future, and our contingency and
business continuity plans are unsuccessful, our business could be adversely affected. Furthermore, as the software and
technology labor market in these countries has developed at a rapid pace, with many multi-national companies competing
for talent, there is a risk that wage and attrition rates will rise faster than we have anticipated, which could lead
to operational issues.

Generally, our foreign sales are denominated in our foreign subsidiaries’ local currencies. If these currency
exchange rates change unexpectedly, we could have significant gains or losses. Additionally, fluctuations in the
exchange rate of foreign currencies against the United States dollar can affect our revenue within those markets, all
of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. Currently, we use
derivative financial instruments to hedge our exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Such hedging
requires us to estimate when transactions will occur and cash will be collected, and we may not be successful in making
these estimates. If these estimates are inaccurate or we do not fully hedge our exposures for any reason, particularly
during periods of currency volatility, it could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
operating results and cash flows.

We are in the process of upgrading and modifying major portions of our enterprise resource planning and other key
software applications, which could cause unexpected problems to occur and disruption to the management of our
business.

We are in the process of upgrading and modifying major portions of our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system
as well as other key software applications used in our global operations. Our ERP system and related applications are
integral to our ability to accurately and efficiently maintain our books and records, record our transactions, provide
critical information to our management and prepare our financial statements. Enhancements may eventually become more
costly, difficult and time-consuming to purchase and implement than we currently anticipate. We may encounter
unexpected difficulties, costs or other challenges with any such modifications, enhancements or upgrades, any of which
may disrupt our business or cause delays in the reporting of our financial results. Corrections and improvements may be
required as we enhance, modify or upgrade our systems, procedures and controls, and could cause us to incur additional
costs and require additional management attention, placing burdens on our internal resources. If we fail to manage
these changes effectively, it could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and our operating results.

15

Table of Contents

We have identified a material weakness in accounting for income taxes in our internal control over financial
reporting, which, if not remedied effectively, could have an adverse effect on our stock price.

Management, through documentation, testing and assessment of our internal control over financial reporting
pursuant to the rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 and Item 308 of Regulation S-K, has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting had a material
weakness in accounting for income taxes as of March 31, 2008. See Item 9A — Controls and Procedures. If we are
unable to effectively remediate this material weakness in a timely manner, we could lose investor confidence in the
accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price.

In future periods, if the process required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act reveals further material
weaknesses or significant deficiencies, the correction of any such material weakness or significant deficiency could
require additional remedial measures including additional personnel which could be costly and time-consuming. If a
material weakness exists as of a future period year-end (including a material weakness identified prior to year-end for
which there is an insufficient period of time to evaluate and confirm the effectiveness of the corrections or related
new procedures), our management will be unable to report favorably as of such future period year-end to the
effectiveness of our control over financial reporting. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over
financial reporting is effective in any future period, or if we continue to experience material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our
financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price and potentially subject us to litigation.

We may lose key personnel, may not be able to hire enough qualified personnel or fail to integrate replacement
personnel.

Much of our future success depends on the continued service and availability of skilled personnel, including
technical, marketing and staff resources. Experienced personnel in the information technology industry are in high
demand and competition for their talents is intense. Changing demographics and labor work force trends may result in a
loss of knowledge and skills as experienced workers retire. Effective succession planning is also important to our
long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees
could hinder our strategic planning and execution. In addition, acquisitions could cause us to lose key personnel of
the acquired companies or our personnel. With rare exceptions, we do not have long-term employment agreements with our
employees. Further, many of our key personnel receive a total compensation package that includes equity awards. New
regulations, volatility in the stock market and other factors could diminish our use, and/or the value, of our equity
awards, putting us at a competitive disadvantage or forcing us to use more cash compensation.

In addition, we continually focus on improving our cost structure. We have been hiring personnel in countries
where advanced technical expertise is available at lower costs. When we make adjustments to our workforce, we may incur
expenses associated with workforce reductions that delay the benefit of a more efficient workforce structure. We may
also experience increased competition for employees in these countries as the trend toward globalization continues
which may affect our employee retention efforts and/or increase our expenses in an effort to offer a competitive
compensation program.

We have also undertaken restructurings over the past several years to improve our cost structure involving
significant reductions in our workforce, relocation of job functions to overseas locations and changes to our
organizational structure. We will continue to make organizational changes aimed at improving our operating margins and
driving operating efficiencies. Some of these changes may result in future workforce reductions or rebalancing actions.
These efforts place a strain on our management, administrative, technical, operational and financial infrastructure.

If we fail to manage these changes effectively, it could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and
our operating results.