We operate in a dynamic environment that involves numerous risks and
uncertainties. The following section describes some of the risks
that may adversely affect our business, financial condition or
results of operations; these are not necessarily listed in terms of their importance or level of risk.

We may announce lower than expected revenue, license bookings or earnings, which could cause our
stock price to decline.

Our ability to accurately and consistently predict revenue, license bookings and earnings
within narrow ranges is weakened by two principle factors:

•

first, a highly significant proportion of our license transactions close during the final
days of each quarter; this pattern is evident in all product lines
and among all sales
channels; and

•

second, even after contracts have been executed, extensive analysis is required before
the timing of revenue recognition can be reliably determined; this delay reflects both the
complexity of the revenue recognition rules applicable to software
and the effect that the various license types and other terms and conditions can have when these rules
are applied.

Numerous other factors, some listed below, also have potential to adversely affect our
financial results:

•

the possibility that our customers may defer or limit purchases as a result of reduced
information technology budgets or reduced data processing capacity demand;

•

our ability to adapt our solutions to customers’ needs in a market space defined by
constant technological change;

•

potential losses on marketable securities, foreign exchange exposures or contracts, or
other losses from financial instruments we may hold that are exposed to market losses;

•

higher than expected operating expenses;

•

an unexpected increase in weighted average shares outstanding due to much higher than
expected exercises of stock options or a sudden and significant increase in our stock price
causing our fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding to increase, either of which
could cause reported earnings per share to decline;

•

changes in our pricing and distribution terms and/or those of our competitors; and

•

the possibility that our business will be adversely affected as a result of the threat of
significant external events that increase global economic uncertainty.

7

Table of Contents

Investors should not rely on the results of prior periods as an indication of our future
performance. Our operating expense levels are based, in significant part, on our expectations of
future revenue. If we have a shortfall in revenue in any given quarter, we will not be able to
reduce our operating expenses for that quarter proportionally in response. Therefore, any
significant shortfall in revenue will likely have an immediate adverse effect on our operating
results for that quarter, and could cause our stock price to decline.

We may have difficulty achieving our cash flow from operations goals.

Our quarterly cash flow is and has been volatile. If our cash generated from operations in
some future period is materially less than the market expects, our stock price could decline.
Factors that could adversely affect our cash flow from operations in
the future include: reduced
net earnings; increased time required for the collection of accounts receivable; an increase in
uncollectible accounts receivable; a significant shift from multi-year committed contracts to
short-term contracts; a reduced ability to transfer finance receivables to third parties; an increase in contracts where expenses such as sales
commissions are paid upfront but payments from customers are collected over time; reduced renewal
rates for maintenance; an increase in cash taxes; outlays from legal actions, costs, fees or
settlements; realized losses on foreign exchange; and reduced yields on marketable securities and
cash and cash equivalents.

Maintenance revenue could decline.

Maintenance revenue has increased in each of the last three fiscal years as a result of
acquisitions and the continuing growth in the base of installed products and the processing
capacity on which they run. Maintenance fees increase as the processing capacity on which the
products are installed increases; consequently, we receive higher absolute maintenance fees with
new license and maintenance agreements and as existing customers install our products on additional
processing capacity. Price competition on enterprise transactions can
lead to increased discounting for higher levels
of supplemental processing
capacity; the maintenance fees on a per unit of capacity basis are typically reduced in enterprise
license agreements. In addition, customers are generally entitled to reduced annual maintenance
percentages for entering into long-term maintenance contracts. These discounts, combined with an
increase in long-term maintenance contracts with reduced maintenance percentages and our license
bookings performance, have led to lower year-over-year growth rates for our maintenance revenue
excluding acquisitions. Declines in our license bookings, increases
in the proportion of long-term maintenance
contracts and/or increased discounting would lead to declines in our
maintenance revenue growth rates. Should
customers migrate from their mainframe applications or find alternatives to our products, increased
cancellations could lead to declines in our maintenance revenue. As maintenance revenue makes up a
substantial portion of our total revenue, any decline in our maintenance revenue could have an
adverse impact on our stock price.

Our restructuring efforts may strain our management, administrative, technical, operational and
financial infrastructure.

We are focused on increasing our operating margins. To this end, we have undertaken
restructurings over the past several years involving significant reductions in our workforce,
relocation of job functions to overseas locations and changes to our organizational structure. We
will continue to make organizational changes aimed at improving our operating margins and driving
operating efficiencies. Some of these changes may result in future workforce reductions or
rebalancing actions. These efforts place a strain on our management, administrative,
technical, operational and financial infrastructure. Our ability to manage our complex, global
operations while reducing operating costs requires us to continue to improve our product
development, our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting systems and
procedures. There can be no guarantees that we will be successful in achieving our profitability
targets in any future quarterly or annual period.

8

Table of Contents

The software industry includes large, powerful multi-line and small, agile single-line
competitors.

Some of our largest competitors, including IBM, CA and HP have significant scale advantages.
With scale comes a large installed base of customers in particular market niches, as well as the
ability to develop and market software competitive with ours. Some of these competitors can also
bundle hardware, software, and services together, which is a disadvantage for us since we do not
provide hardware and have fewer services offerings. Competitive products are also offered by
numerous independent software companies that specialize in specific aspects of the highly
fragmented software industry. Some, like Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft), Oracle Corporation
(Oracle), and SAP Aktiengesellschaft (SAP) are the leading developers and vendors in their
specialized markets. In addition, new companies enter the market on a frequent and regular basis,
offering products that compete with some individual products offered by us. As the software industry consolidates
generally, it is possible that storage and security vendors such as EMC Corporation and Symantec
Corporation will enter the systems management market. Additionally, many customers historically
have developed their own products that compete with those offered by us. Competition from any of
these sources can result in price reductions or displacement of our products, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows.

Industry consolidation could affect prices or demand for our products.

The IT industry and the market for our systems management products are very competitive due to
a variety of factors. As the enterprise systems software market matures, it is consolidating. This
trend could create opportunities for larger companies, such as IBM, Microsoft and Oracle,
to increase their market share through the acquisition of companies that dominate certain lucrative
market niches or that have loyal installed customer bases. In doing so, these competitors may be
able to reduce prices on software that competes with our solutions, subsidizing such price
decreases with high-margin sales they produce elsewhere in their operations. We expect this trend
towards consolidation to continue as companies attempt to maintain or extend their market and
competitive positions in the rapidly changing software industry and as companies are acquired or
are unable to continue operations. This industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors
that are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. This could lead to more
variability in our operating results due to lengthening of the customer evaluation process,
increased pricing pressure and/or loss of business to these larger competitors, which may
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
flows.

Our products must remain compatible with ever-changing operating and database environments.

IBM, HP, Microsoft and Oracle are by far the largest suppliers of systems and database
software and, in some cases, are the manufacturers of the computer hardware systems used by most of
our customers. Historically, operating and database system developers have modified or introduced
new operating systems, database systems, systems software and computer hardware. Such new products
could incorporate features which perform functions currently performed by our products or could
require substantial modification of our products to maintain compatibility with these companies’
hardware or software. We have generally been able to adapt our products and our business to changes
introduced by hardware manufacturers and operating and database system software developers.
However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in the future. Failure to adapt
our products in a timely manner to such changes or customer decisions to forego the use of our
products in favor of those with comparable functionality contained either in the hardware or
operating system could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
operating results and cash flows.

Future product development is dependent upon access to third-party source code.

In the past, licensees using proprietary operating systems were furnished with “source code,”
which makes the operating system generally understandable to programmers, and “object code,” which
directly controls the hardware, and other technical documentation. Since the availability of source
code facilitated the development of systems and applications software, which must interface with
the operating systems, independent software vendors such as us have been able to develop and market
compatible software. IBM and other hardware vendors have a policy of restricting the use or
availability of the source code for some of their operating systems. To date, this policy has not
had a material effect on us. Some companies, however, may adopt more restrictive policies in the
future or impose unfavorable terms and conditions for such access. These restrictions may, in the
future, result in higher research and development costs for us in connection with the enhancement
and modification of our existing products and the
development of new products. Although we do not expect that such restrictions will have this
adverse effect, there can be no assurances that such restrictions or other restrictions will not
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
flows.

9

Table of Contents

Future product development is dependent upon early access to third-party operating and database
systems.

Operating and database system software developers have in the past provided us with early
access to pre-generally available versions of their software to have input into the
functionality and to ensure that we can adapt our software to exploit new functionality in these
systems. Some companies, however, may adopt more restrictive policies in the future or impose
unfavorable terms and conditions for such access. These restrictions may result in higher research
and development costs for us in connection with the enhancement and modification of our existing
products and the development of new products. Although we do not expect that such restrictions will
have this adverse effect, there can be no assurances that such restrictions or other restrictions
will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and
cash flows.

Future product development is dependent upon access to and reliability of third-party software
products.

Certain of our software products contain components developed and maintained by third-party
software vendors. We expect that we may have to incorporate software from third-party vendors in
our future products. We may not be able to replace the functionality provided by the third-party
software currently offered with our products if that software becomes obsolete, defective or
incompatible with future versions of our products or is not adequately maintained or updated, or if
our relationship with the third-party vendor terminates. Although we expect there are adequate
alternate sources for the technology licensed to us, any significant interruption in the
availability of these third-party software products on commercially acceptable terms or defects in
these products could delay development of future products or enhancement of future products and
negatively impact our revenue.

Future product development is dependent on adequate research and development resources.

In order to remain competitive, we must continue to develop new products and enhancements to
our existing products. This is particularly true as we build-out our vision of BSM. Maintaining
adequate research and development resources, such as the appropriate talent and development
technology, to meet the demands of the market is essential. Failure to do so could present an
advantage to our competitors. Further, if we are unable to develop products internally due to
certain constraints, such as high employee turnover, lack of management ability, or a lack of other
development resources it may force us to expand into a certain market or strategy via an
acquisition for which we could potentially pay too much or unsuccessfully integrate into our
operations.

Growing market acceptance of “open source” software could cause a decline in our revenue and
operating margins.

Growing market acceptance of open source software has presented both benefits and challenges
to the commercial software industry in recent years. “Open source” software is made widely
available by its authors and is licensed “as is” for a nominal fee or, in some cases, at no charge.
We have incorporated some open source software into our products, allowing us to enhance certain
solutions without incurring substantial additional research and development costs. Thus far, we
have encountered no unanticipated material problems arising from our use of open source software.
As the use of open source software becomes more widespread, certain open source technology
could become competitive with our proprietary technology, which could cause sales of our products
to decline or force us to reduce the fees we charge for our products, which could have a material
adverse impact on our revenue and operating margins.

Discovery of errors in our software could adversely affect our earnings.

The software products we offer are inherently complex. Despite testing and quality control, we
cannot be certain that errors will not be found in current versions, new versions or enhancements
of our products after commencement of commercial shipments. If new or existing customers have
difficulty deploying our products or require significant amounts of customer support, our operating
margins could be harmed. Moreover, we could face possible claims and higher development costs if
our software contains undetected errors or if we fail to meet our customers’ expectations. With our
BSM strategy, these risks increase because we are combining

10

Table of Contents

already
complex products to create solutions that are even more complicated than the aggregation of their product
components. Significant technical challenges could also arise with our products because our customers
purchase and deploy our products across a variety of computer platforms and integrate them with a
number of third-party software applications and databases. These combinations increase our risk
further because in the event of a system-wide failure, it may be difficult to determine which
product is at fault; thus, we may be harmed by the failure of another supplier’s products. As a
result of the foregoing, we could experience:

•

loss of or delay in revenue and loss of market share;

•

loss of customers;

•

damage to our reputation;

•

failure to achieve market acceptance;

•

diversion of development resources;

•

increased service and warranty costs;

•

legal actions by customers against us which could, whether or not successful, increase
costs and distract our management; and

•

increased insurance costs.

Failure to maintain our existing distribution channels and develop additional channels in the
future could adversely affect our revenue.

The percentage of our revenue from sales of our products and services through distribution
channels such as systems integrators and value-added resellers is increasing. Conducting business
through indirect distribution channels presents a number of risks, including:

•

our systems integrators and value-added resellers can cease marketing our products and
services with limited or no notice and with little or no penalty;

•

we may not be able to replace existing or recruit additional systems integrators or
value-added resellers if we lose any of our existing ones;

•

our existing systems integrators and value-added resellers may not be able to effectively
sell new products and services that we may introduce;

•

we do not have direct control over the business practices adopted by our systems
integrators and value-added resellers;

•

our systems integrators and value-added resellers may also offer competitive products and
services and as such, may not give priority to the marketing of our products and services as
compared to our competitors’ products; and

•

we may face conflicts between the activities of our indirect channels and our direct
sales and marketing activities.

Our customers may not accept our product or sales strategies.

Historically, we have focused on selling software products to address specific customer
problems associated with their applications. Our BSM strategy requires us to integrate multiple
software products so that they work together to provide comprehensive systems management solutions.
There can be no assurance that customers will perceive a need for such solutions. In addition,
there may be technical difficulties in integrating individual products into a combined solution
that may delay the introduction of such solutions to the market or adversely affect the demand for
such solutions. We may also adopt different sales strategies for marketing our products, and there
can be no assurance that our strategies for selling solutions will be successful.

11

Table of Contents

Changes to compensation of our sales organization may have unintended effects.

We review and modify our compensation plans for the sales organization periodically. As in
most years, we have made changes for fiscal 2008. These plans are intended to align with our
business objectives of providing customer flexibility and satisfaction. The compensation plans may
encourage unanticipated or unintended behavior which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, operating results and cash flows. Changes to our sales compensation plan could also make
it difficult for us to attract and retain top sales talent.

Risks related to business combinations.

As part of our overall strategy, we have acquired or invested in, and likely will continue to
acquire or invest in, complementary companies, products, and technologies. Risks commonly
encountered in such transactions include: the difficulty of assimilating the personnel and
operations of the combined companies, including back-office functions and systems, such as
accounting, human resources and others, into our own back-office functions and systems; the risk
that we may not be able to integrate the acquired technologies or products with our current
products and technologies; the potential disruption of our ongoing business, including potential
distraction of management from other objectives, opportunities and risks; the inability to retain
key technical, sales and managerial personnel; the inability of management to maximize our
financial and strategic position through the successful integration of acquired businesses; the
potential that our policies, procedures and controls are not applied to the acquired entity in a
timely manner following the acquisition; degradation of relationships with the acquired entity’s
customers, partners or vendors, creating challenges for us to meet the objectives of the
acquisition; failure of our pre-acquisition due diligence to identify material issues, such as
problems with software code, architecture or functionality, employment or management issues, errors
or irregularities in the financial reporting of the target, legal contingencies or other issues we
do not discover during our due diligence; the risk that revenue from acquired companies, products
and technologies do not meet our expectations; decreases in reported earnings as a result of
charges for in-process research and development and amortization of acquired intangible assets; and
the risk that our chosen strategy leading to the acquisition was not the appropriate strategy, or
that acquiring the technology via the acquisition would have been better carried-out via internal
product development.

For us to maximize the return on our investments in acquired companies, the products of these
entities must be integrated with our existing products and strategies. These integrations can be
difficult and unpredictable, especially given the complexity of software and that acquired
technology is typically developed independently and designed with no regard to integration. The
difficulties are compounded when the products involved are well-established because compatibility
with the existing base of installed products must be preserved. Successful integration also
requires coordination of different development and engineering teams. This too can be difficult and
unpredictable because of possible cultural conflicts and different opinions on technical decisions
and product roadmaps. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in our product
integration efforts or that we will realize the expected benefits.

With each of our acquisitions, we have initiated efforts to integrate the disparate cultures,
employees, systems and products of these companies. Retention of key employees is critical to
ensure the continued development, support, sales and marketing efforts pertaining to the acquired
products. We have implemented retention programs to keep many of the key technical, sales and
marketing employees of acquired companies; nonetheless, we have lost some key employees and may
lose others in the future.

Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities
could affect our profitability.

We carry out our business operations through entities in the United States and multiple
foreign jurisdictions. As such, we are required to file corporate income tax returns that are
subject to United States, state and foreign tax laws. The United States, state and foreign tax
liabilities are determined, in part, by the amount of operating profit generated in these different
taxing jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate and earnings could be adversely affected by changes in
the mix of operating profits generated in countries with higher statutory tax rates as well as by
the positioning of our cash balances globally. Our effective tax is also impacted by our
representation under Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 23,
“Accounting for Income Taxes – Special Areas” (APB 23)

12

Table of Contents

that a portion of our foreign earnings are indefinitely reinvested. If we were no longer able
to effectively make the APB 23 representation, our effective tax rate would be adversely impacted.
We are also required to evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets. This evaluation
requires that our management assess the positive and negative evidence regarding sources of future
taxable income. If management’s assessment regarding the realizability of our deferred tax assets
changes or we are presented with additional negative evidence regarding future sources of taxable
income, we will be required to increase our valuation allowance, which will negatively impact our
effective tax rate and earnings. We are also subject to routine corporate income tax audits in
multiple jurisdictions. Our provision for income taxes includes amounts intended to satisfy income
tax assessments that may result from the examination of our corporate tax returns that have been
filed in these jurisdictions. The amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these examinations
could be materially different from the amounts included in the provision for income taxes and
result in additional tax expense.

Enforcement of our intellectual property rights.

We rely on a combination of copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality
procedures and contractual procedures to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our
efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, it may be possible for unauthorized third
parties to copy certain portions of our products or to reverse engineer or obtain and use
technology or other information that we regard as proprietary. There can also be no assurance that
our intellectual property rights would survive a legal challenge to their validity or provide
significant protection for us, and any such legal actions could become costly. In addition, the
laws or practices of certain countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as
do the laws of the United States. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to
protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized third party copying or use, which could
adversely affect our competitive position and revenue.

Possibility of infringement claims.

From time to time, we receive notices from third parties claiming infringement by our products
of patent and other intellectual property rights. We expect that software products will
increasingly be subject to such claims as the number of products and competitors in our industry
segments grows and the functionality of products overlaps. In addition, we may receive more patent
infringement claims as companies increasingly seek to patent their software and business methods
and enforce such patents, especially given the increase in software and business method patents
issued during the past several years. Regardless of its merit, responding to any such claim could
be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and require us to enter into royalty and licensing
agreements, which may not be offered or available on terms acceptable to us. If a successful claim
is made against us and we fail to develop or license a substitute technology, our business,
financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

Risks related to global operations.

We
are a global company conducting our business around the
world. As a result, we face risks from operating as a global concern, including, among others:

•

difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;

•

possible non-compliance with our professional conduct policy and code of ethics due to
inconsistent interpretations and/or application of corporate standards;

•

longer payment cycles;

•

increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities;

13

Table of Contents

•

adverse tax consequences;

•

changes in currency exchange rates;

•

potential impact from volatile or sluggish local economies;

•

loss of proprietary information due to piracy, misappropriation or weaker laws regarding
intellectual property protection;

•

the need to localize our products;

•

lack of appropriate local infrastructure to carry out operations;

•

political unrest or terrorism, particularly in areas in which we have facilities;

•

compliance with a wide variety of complex laws and treaties, including unexpected changes
in (or new) legislative or regulatory requirements;

•

licenses, tariffs and other trade barriers; and

•

natural disaster or disease.

The absence of adequate response plans to recover from any risks mentioned above in any
countries we operate in could hinder our ability to support customers and maintain normal business
operations for a significant length of time such that our competitive position could be
significantly impacted. Furthermore, our financial condition could be adversely impacted if our
costs to recover escalate due to such recovery occurring over a protracted period.

We maintain a significant presence in India, Israel and other emerging market countries,
conducting substantial software development and support, marketing operations, IT operations and
certain financial operations. Accordingly, we are directly affected
by economic, political, physical and electrical infrastructure and
military conditions in these countries. Any major hostilities or the interruption or curtailment of
trade between these countries and their present trading partners could materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
We maintain contingency and business continuity plans for all
significant locations, and to date, various regional
conflicts or other local economic or political issues have not caused any major adverse impact on
our operations in these countries. Should we be unable to conduct operations in these regions in
the future, we expect that our business could be adversely affected. Furthermore, as the software
and technology labor market in these countries has developed at a rapid pace, with many
multi-national companies competing for talent, there is a risk that wage and attrition rates will
rise faster than we have anticipated, which could lead to operational issues.

Generally, our foreign sales are denominated in our foreign subsidiaries’ local currencies. If
these currency exchange rates change unexpectedly, we could have significant gains or losses. The
foreign currencies to which we currently have the most significant exposure are the euro and the
Israeli shekel. Additionally, fluctuations of the exchange rate of foreign currencies against the
United States dollar can affect our revenue within those markets, all of which may adversely impact
our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. Currently, we use derivative
financial instruments to hedge our exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Such
hedging requires us to estimate when transactions will occur and cash will be collected, and we may
not be successful in making these estimates. If these estimates are inaccurate or we do not fully
hedge our exposures for any reason, particularly during periods of currency volatility, it could
have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
flows.

14

Table of Contents

If the carrying value of our long-lived assets were not recoverable, recognition of an impairment
loss would be required, which would adversely affect our financial results.

We evaluate our long-lived assets, including property and equipment, goodwill, acquired
product rights and other intangible assets, whenever events or circumstances occur which indicate
that these assets might be impaired or periodically as required by generally accepted accounting
principles. In the continuing process of evaluating the recoverability of the carrying amount of
our long-lived assets, there is the possibility that we could identify a substantial impairment,
which could adversely affect our financial results.

Expensing
of share-based compensation has reduced our reported earnings and could adversely affect
our ability to attract and retain key personnel.

We have historically used stock options and other long-term equity incentives as a fundamental
component of our employee compensation packages. Under new FASB rules adopted at the beginning of
this fiscal year, we began recording charges to earnings for such equity compensation, which
negatively impacted earnings. We historically had accounted for our stock option grants using the
intrinsic value method under the provisions of APB Opinion No. 25, where we generally recognized no
compensation cost because the exercise price of options granted was generally equal to the market
value of our common stock on the date of grant. In addition, the New York Stock Exchange rule
requiring stockholder approval for all stock option plans could make it more difficult for us to
adopt plans to grant options to employees in the future. Like other companies, we have reviewed our
equity compensation strategy in light of the current regulatory and competitive environment and
have decided to reduce the number of employees who receive share-based compensation. As a result,
we may incur increased cash compensation costs or find it difficult to attract, retain and motivate
employees, and such difficulty could materially adversely affect our business.

We plan to modify or upgrade our enterprise resource planning and other key software applications,
which could cause unexpected problems to occur and could cause disruption to the management of our
business.

We plan to modify or upgrade our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system used for our
worldwide operations, as well as other key software applications used in our global operations. Our
ERP system is integral to our ability to accurately and efficiently maintain our books and records,
record our transactions, provide critical information to our management and prepare our financial
statements. Enhancements may eventually become more costly, difficult and time-consuming to
purchase and implement than we currently anticipate. We may encounter unexpected difficulties,
costs or other challenges with any such modifications, enhancements or upgrades, any of which may
disrupt our business or cause delays in the reporting of our financial results. Corrections and
improvements may be required as we enhance, modify or upgrade our systems, procedures and controls,
and could cause us to incur additional costs and require additional management attention, placing
burdens on our internal resources. If we fail to manage these changes effectively, it could
adversely affect our ability to manage our business and our operating results.

We have
identified a material weakness in accounting for income taxes in our internal
control over financial reporting, which, if not remedied effectively, could have an adverse effect
on our business.

Management, through documentation, testing and assessment of our internal control over
financial reporting pursuant to the rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission
under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Item 308 of Regulation S-K, has concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting had a
material weakness in accounting for income taxes as of March 31, 2007. In response to this
material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting, we are implementing, and may be required to further implement,
additional controls and procedures. Furthermore, we intend to continue improving our internal
control over financial reporting, and the implementation and testing of these continued
improvements could result in increased cost and could divert management attention away from
operating our business.

In future periods, if the process required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act reveals
further material weaknesses or significant deficiencies, the correction of any such material
weakness or significant deficiency could require additional remedial measures including additional
personnel which could be costly and time-consuming. If a material weakness exists as of a future
period year-end (including a material weakness identified prior to year-end for which there is an
insufficient period of time to evaluate and confirm the effectiveness of the corrections or related
new procedures), our management will be unable to report favorably as of such future period
year-end to the effectiveness of our control over financial reporting. If we are unable to assert
that our internal control over financial reporting is effective in any future period, or if we
continue to experience material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and
completeness of our financial reports, which would have an adverse effect on our stock price and
potentially subject us to litigation.

15

Table of Contents