We operate in a dynamic environment that involves numerous risks and uncertainties. The following section describes some of the risks that may adversely affect our business, financial condition,
operating results and cash flows; these are not necessarily listed in terms of their importance or level of risk. 

Economic conditions and uncertainty could adversely affect our operating results. 

The
United States and global economies are in a recession as a result of a multitude of factors, including, but not limited to, turmoil in the credit and financial markets, concerns regarding the stability and viability of major financial institutions,
declines in gross domestic product, increases in unemployment and volatility in commodity prices and worldwide stock markets. The severity or length of time these economic and financial market conditions may persist is unknown. During challenging
and uncertain economic times and in tight credit markets, many customers may delay or reduce technology purchases. Contract negotiations may become more protracted or difficult if customers institute additional internal approvals for software
purchases or require more negotiation of contract terms and conditions. These economic conditions could result in reductions in sales of our products, longer sales cycles, difficulties in collection of accounts receivable or delayed payments, slower
adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. In addition, continued deterioration of the global credit markets could adversely impact our ability to complete sales of our products or the value of our financial assets. Any of these
events would likely harm our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

We may announce lower
than expected revenue, bookings, earnings or operating cash flows. 

Our ability to accurately and consistently
predict revenue, bookings, earnings and cash flow from operations within narrow ranges is weakened by two principal factors: 

•

 first, a significant portion of our transactions close during the final days of each quarter; this pattern is evident in all product lines and among all
sales channels; and 

•

 second, even after contracts have been executed, extensive analysis is required before the timing of revenue recognition can be reliably determined; this
timing reflects both the complexity of the revenue recognition rules applicable to software and the effect that the various license types and other terms and conditions can have when these rules are applied. 

8 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Numerous other factors, some listed below, also have potential to adversely affect our
financial results: 

•

 the possibility that our customers may defer or limit purchases as a result of reduced information technology budgets or reduced data processing capacity
demand; 

•

 customers may require additional levels of internal approval prior to finalizing software purchases or renewals, which could lengthen the sales cycle and
delay bookings and the resultant cash flows; 

•

 we may be required to defer more license revenue than we anticipate if our mix of complex transactions or contracts with terms and conditions requiring
deferral of license revenue is greater than we plan for; 

•

 our inability to adapt our solutions to customers’ needs in a market space defined by constant technological change; 

•

 our inability to satisfy increased customer demands for our technical support services may adversely affect our relationship with our customers;

•

 uncertain timing of orders and delivery of products to our customers and channel partners; 

•

 potential losses on investments, foreign exchange exposures or contracts, or other losses from financial instruments we may hold that are exposed to
market losses; 

•

 unexpected changes or significant fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 

•

 higher than expected operating expenses; 

•

 an unexpected increase in weighted average shares outstanding due to much higher than expected exercises of stock options or a sudden and significant
increase in our stock price causing our fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding to increase, either of which could cause reported earnings per share to decline; 

•

 unintended consequences of our use of open source software could encumber our intellectual property and require us to comply with open source licensing
requirements; 

•

 we may be affected by the timing of large, multi-product transactions or become dependent upon such transactions; 

•

 changes in our pricing and distribution terms and/or those of our competitors; and 

•

 the possibility that our business will be adversely affected as a result of the threat of significant external events that increase global economic
uncertainty. 

Investors should not rely on the results of prior periods as an indication of our future
performance. Our operating expense levels are based, in significant part, on our expectations of future revenue. If we have a shortfall in revenue in any given quarter, we will not be able to reduce our operating expenses for that quarter
proportionally in response. Therefore, any significant shortfall in revenue will likely have an immediate adverse effect on our operating results for that quarter and could cause our stock price to decline. In addition, our ability to maintain or
expand our operating margins may be limited given economic and competitive conditions, and we therefore could be reliant upon our ability to continually identify and implement operational improvements in order to maintain or reduce expense levels.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or expand our current operating margins in the future. 

We
may have difficulty achieving our cash flow from operations goals. 

Our quarterly cash flow is and has been
volatile. If our cash generated from operations in some future period is materially less than the market expects, our stock price could decline. Factors that could adversely affect our cash flow from operations in the future include: lengthening
sales cycles; a reduction in the size of transactions; the timing of transaction completion, billings and associated cash collections within a particular period; longer customer payment terms; an increase in late payments by customers; an increase
in uncollectible accounts receivable; increased expenses; reduced net earnings; a significant shift from multi-year committed contracts to 

9 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

short-term contracts; a reduced ability to transfer finance receivables to third parties; an increase in contracts where internal costs such as sales
commissions are paid upfront but payments from customers are collected over time; reduced renewal rates for maintenance; an increase in cash taxes; outlays from legal actions, costs, fees or settlements; restructuring payments; the impact of
changing foreign exchange rates; and reduced yields on investments and cash and cash equivalents. 

Maintenance
revenue could decline. 

Maintenance revenue has increased in each of the last three fiscal years as a result of
acquisitions and the continuing growth in the base of installed products and the processing capacity on which they run. Maintenance fees generally increase as the processing capacity on which the products are installed increases; consequently, we
generally receive higher absolute maintenance fees with new license and maintenance agreements and as existing customers install our products on additional processing capacity. Price competition on enterprise transactions can lead to increased
discounting for higher levels of supplemental processing capacity; the maintenance fees on a per unit of capacity basis are typically reduced in enterprise license agreements. In addition, customers are generally entitled to reduced annual
maintenance fees for entering into long-term maintenance contracts. Declines in our license bookings, increases in the proportion of long-term maintenance contracts and/or increased discounting could lead to declines in our maintenance revenue
growth rates. Should customers migrate from systems and applications which our products support or find alternatives to our products, increased cancellations could lead to declines in our maintenance revenue. As maintenance revenue makes up a
substantial portion of our total revenue, any decline in our maintenance revenue could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

Competition from large, powerful multi-line and small, agile single-line competitors could have a negative impact on our business
and financial results. 

Some of our largest competitors, including IBM, CA and HP, have significant scale
advantages. With scale comes a large installed base of customers in particular market niches, as well as the ability to develop and market software competitive with ours. Some of these competitors can also bundle hardware, software and services
together, which is a disadvantage for us since we do not provide hardware and have fewer services offerings. Competitive products are also offered by numerous independent software companies that specialize in specific aspects of the highly
fragmented software industry. Some, like Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft), Oracle Corporation (Oracle), and SAP AG (SAP) are the leading developers and vendors in their specialized markets. In addition, new companies enter the market on a frequent
and regular basis, offering products that compete with some individual products offered by us. Market entrants utilizing alternative business models such as software-as-a-service, cloud computing or open source software may also compete against us.
Additionally, many customers historically have developed their own products that compete with those offered by us. Competition from any of these sources can result in price reductions or displacement of our products, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

Industry consolidation could
affect prices or demand for our products. 

The IT industry and the market for our systems management products are
very competitive due to a variety of factors. As the enterprise systems software market matures, it is consolidating. This trend could create opportunities for larger companies, such as IBM, Microsoft, Oracle and other large enterprise software and
hardware companies, to increase their market share through the acquisition of companies that dominate certain lucrative market niches or that have loyal installed customer bases. In doing so, these competitors may be able to reduce prices on
software that competes with our solutions, in part by leveraging their larger economies of scale. We expect this trend towards consolidation to continue as companies attempt to maintain or extend their market and competitive positions in the rapidly
changing software industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. This industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. This could lead to
more variability in our operating results due to 

10 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

lengthening of the customer evaluation process, increased pricing pressure and/or loss of business to these larger competitors, which may materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

Our products must remain
compatible with ever-changing operating and database environments. 

IBM, HP, Microsoft and Oracle are by far the
largest suppliers of systems and database software and, in some cases, are the manufacturers of the computer hardware systems used by most of our customers. Historically, operating and database system developers have modified or introduced new
operating systems, database systems, systems software and computer hardware. Such new products could incorporate features which perform functions currently performed by our products or could require substantial modification of our products to
maintain compatibility with these companies’ hardware or software. There can be no assurance that we will be able to adapt our products and our business to changes introduced by hardware manufacturers and operating and database system software
developers. Operating and database system software developers have in the past provided us with early access to versions of their software, before making such software generally available, to have input into the functionality and to ensure that we
can adapt our software to exploit new functionality in these systems. Some companies, however, may adopt more restrictive policies in the future or impose unfavorable terms and conditions for such access. These restrictions may result in higher
research and development costs for us in connection with the enhancement and modification of our existing products and the development of new products. Failure to adapt our products in a timely manner to changes in operating and database systems or
customer decisions to forego the use of our products in favor of those with comparable functionality contained either in the hardware or operating system could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results
and cash flows. 

Future product development is dependent upon access to and reliability of third-party software
products. 

Certain of our software products contain components developed and maintained by third-party software
vendors. We expect that we may have to incorporate software from third-party vendors in our future products. We may not be able to replace the functionality provided by the third-party software currently offered with our products if that software
becomes obsolete, defective or incompatible with future versions of our products or is not adequately maintained or updated, or if our relationship with the third-party vendor terminates. Any significant interruption in the availability of these
third-party software products on commercially acceptable terms or defects in these products could delay development of future products or enhancement of future products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
operating results and cash flows. 

Future product development is dependent on adequate research and development
resources. 

In order to remain competitive, we must continue to develop new products and enhancements to our
existing products. This is particularly true as we further expand our BSM capabilities. Maintaining adequate research and development resources, such as the appropriate talent and development technology, to meet the demands of the market is
essential. Failure to do so could present an advantage to our competitors. Further, if we are unable to develop products internally due to certain constraints, such as high employee turnover, lack of management ability, or a lack of other
development resources, it may force us to expand into a certain market or strategy via an acquisition for which we could potentially pay too much or unsuccessfully integrate into our operations. 

Growing market acceptance of “open source” software could cause a decline in our revenue and operating margins. 

Growing market acceptance of open source software has presented both benefits and challenges to the commercial software
industry in recent years. “Open source” software is made widely available by its authors and is licensed “as is” for a nominal fee or, in some cases, at no charge. As the use of open source software becomes more widespread,
certain open source technology could become competitive with our proprietary 

11 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

technology, which could cause sales of our products to decline or force us to reduce the fees we charge for our products, which could have a material adverse
impact on our revenue and operating margins. 

Discovery of errors in our software could adversely affect our
earnings. 

The software products we offer are inherently complex. Despite testing and quality control, we cannot be
certain that errors will not be found in current versions, new versions or enhancements of our products after commencement of commercial delivery. If new or existing customers have difficulty deploying our products or require significant amounts of
customer support, our operating margins could be harmed. Moreover, we could face possible claims and higher development costs if our software contains undetected errors or if we fail to meet our customers’ expectations. With our BSM strategy,
these risks increase because we are combining already complex products to create solutions that are even more complicated than the aggregation of their product components. Significant technical challenges could also arise with our products because
our customers purchase and deploy our products across a variety of computer platforms and integrate them with a number of third-party software applications and databases. These combinations increase our risk further because in the event of a
system-wide failure, it may be difficult to determine which product is at fault; thus, we may be harmed by the failure of another supplier’s products. As a result of the foregoing, we could experience: 

•

 loss of or delay in revenue and loss of market share; 

•

 loss of customers; 

•

 damage to our reputation; 

•

 failure to achieve market acceptance; 

•

 diversion of development resources; 

•

 increased service and warranty costs; 

•

 legal actions by customers against us which could, whether or not successful, increase costs and distract our management; and

•

 increased insurance costs. 

Failure to maintain our existing distribution channels and develop additional channels could adversely affect our revenue. 

A portion of our revenue is derived from the sale of our products and services through distribution channels such as resellers and system integrators. In addition, we maintain strategic
agreements with hardware vendors permitting them to sell our software solutions as part of their hardware systems. Conducting business through indirect distribution channels presents a number of risks, including: 

•

 our indirect channel partners typically can cease marketing our products and services with limited or no notice and with little or no penalty;

•

 we may not be able to replace existing or recruit additional indirect channel partners if we lose any of our existing ones; 

•

 our existing indirect channel partners may not be able to effectively sell new products and services that we may introduce; 

•

 we do not have direct control over the business practices and risk management policies adopted by our indirect channel partners;

•

 our indirect channel partners may also offer competitive products and services and as such, may not give priority to the marketing of our products and
services as compared to our competitors’ products; 

12 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

•

 we may face conflicts between the activities of our indirect channels and our direct sales and marketing activities; and 

•

 our indirect channel partners may experience financial difficulties that may impact their ability to market our products and may lead to delays, or even
default, in their payment obligations to us. 

Changes to our sales organization may have unintended
effects. 

From time to time, we make significant changes in the organizational structure and compensation plans of
our sales organizations. To the extent that we experience turnover within our direct sales force or sales management, there is a risk that the productivity of our sales force would be negatively impacted which could lead to revenue declines.
Turnover within our sales force can require significant severance expense and cause disruption in sales cycles leading to delay or loss of business. In addition, it can take time to implement new sales management plans and to effectively recruit and
train new sales representatives. We review and modify our compensation plans for the sales organization periodically. As in most years, we have made changes for fiscal 2010 that are intended to align with our business objectives. The compensation
plans may encourage unanticipated or unintended behavior which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. Changes to our sales compensation plan could also make it difficult for us to attract and
retain top sales talent. 

Risks related to business combinations. 

As part of our overall strategy, we have acquired or invested in, and likely will continue to acquire or invest in, complementary
companies, products and technologies. Risks commonly encountered in such transactions include: 

•

 the inability to retain and integrate key technical, sales and managerial personnel; 

•

 the difficulty of assimilating the personnel, culture and operations of the combined companies, including back-office functions and systems, such as
accounting, human resources and others, into our own back-office functions and systems; 

•

 the risk that we may not be able to integrate the acquired technologies or products with our current products and technologies;

•

 the potential disruption of our ongoing business, including potential distraction of management from other objectives, opportunities and risks;

•

 the inability of management to maximize our financial and strategic position through the successful integration of acquired businesses;

•

 the potential that our policies, procedures and controls are not applied to the acquired entity in a timely manner following the acquisition;

•

 the potential degradation of relationships with the acquired entity’s customers, partners or vendors, creating challenges for us to meet the
objectives of the acquisition; 

•

 the potential failure of our pre-acquisition due diligence to identify technology issues, such as problems with software code, architecture or
functionality, intellectual property ownership issues, employment or management issues, customer or partner issues, errors or irregularities in the accounting or financial reporting of the target, unknown liabilities of the target, legal
contingencies or other issues; 

•

 the risk that revenue from acquired companies, products and technologies do not meet our expectations; 

•

 the risk that our use of cash to pay for acquisitions may limit other potential uses of our cash, including stock repurchases; similarly, the risk that
existing stockholders could be diluted and earnings per share may decrease if we were to issue a significant amount of equity securities as whole or partial consideration in future acquisitions; and 

13 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

•

 the risk that our chosen strategy leading to the acquisition was not the appropriate strategy or that our resources would have been better utilized
developing technology via internal product development. 

For us to maximize the return on our investments
in acquired companies, the products of these entities must be integrated with our existing products and strategies. These integrations can be difficult and unpredictable, especially given the complexity of software and that acquired technology is
typically developed independently and may not have been designed to integrate with our products. The difficulties are compounded when the products involved are well-established because compatibility with the existing base of installed products must
be preserved. Successful integration also requires coordination of different development and engineering teams. This too can be difficult and unpredictable because of possible cultural conflicts and different opinions on technical decisions and
product roadmaps. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in our product integration efforts or that we will realize the expected benefits. 

Changes in tax law, changes in our effective tax rates or unanticipated exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our profitability and financial condition. 

We carry out our business operations through entities in the United States and multiple foreign jurisdictions. As such, we are required
to file corporate income tax returns that are subject to United States, state and foreign tax laws. The United States, state and foreign tax liabilities are determined, in part, by the amount of operating profit generated in these different taxing
jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate, earnings and operating cash flows could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of operating profits generated in countries with higher statutory tax rates as well as by the positioning of our cash balances
globally. Our effective tax rate is also impacted by the portion of our foreign earnings in jurisdictions having different corporate tax rates than the United States when we deem such earnings to be indefinitely reinvested in such jurisdictions. If
we were to determine that these foreign earnings were not indefinitely reinvested, our effective tax rate and earnings could be adversely impacted. Similarly, if statutory tax rates or tax bases were to increase or if changes in tax laws,
regulations or interpretations were made that impact us directly, our effective tax rate, earnings and operating cash flows could be adversely impacted. We are also required to evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets. This evaluation
requires that our management assess the positive and negative evidence regarding sources of future taxable income. If management’s assessment regarding the realizability of our deferred tax assets changes, we will be required to increase our
valuation allowance, which will negatively impact our effective tax rate and earnings. We are also subject to routine corporate income tax audits in multiple jurisdictions. Our provision for income taxes includes amounts intended to satisfy income
tax assessments that may result from the examination of our corporate tax returns that have been filed in these jurisdictions. The amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these examinations could be materially different from the amounts included
in the provision for income taxes and result in additional tax expense and operating cash outflows. 

Enforcement of
our intellectual property rights. 

We rely on a combination of copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets,
confidentiality procedures and contractual procedures to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy certain portions of our
products or to reverse engineer or obtain and use technology or other information that we regard as proprietary. There can also be no assurance that our intellectual property rights would survive a legal challenge as to their validity or provide
significant protection for us, and any such legal actions could become costly. In addition, the laws or practices of certain countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Accordingly, there
can be no assurance that we will be able to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized third party copying or use, which could adversely affect our competitive position and revenue. 

14 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Third parties may claim that our software products or services infringe on their
intellectual property rights, exposing us to litigation that, regardless of merit, may be costly to defend. 

Our
success and ability to compete are also dependent upon our ability to operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others. Third parties may claim that our current or future products infringe upon their intellectual property rights. Any
such claim, with or without merit, could have a significant effect on our business and financial results. Any future third party claim could be time consuming, divert management’s attention from our business operations and result in substantial
litigation costs, including any monetary damages and customer indemnification obligations, which may result from such claims. In addition, parties making these claims may be able to obtain injunctive or other equitable relief affecting our ability
to license the products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property. As a result of such claims, we may be required to obtain licenses from third parties, develop alternative technology or redesign our products. We cannot be sure that such
licenses would be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If a successful claim is made against us and we are unable to develop or license alternative technology, our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be
materially adversely affected. 

Risks related to global operations. 

We are a global company conducting our business around the world. As a result, we face risks from operating as a global concern,
including, among others: 

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing international operations, including compliance with local labor and employment laws; 

•

 possible non-compliance with our professional conduct policy and code of ethics; 

•

 longer payment cycles; 

•

 increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 

•

 adverse tax consequences; 

•

 changes in currency exchange rates; 

•

 potential impact from volatile or sluggish local economies; 

•

 loss of proprietary information due to piracy, misappropriation or weaker laws regarding intellectual property protection; 

•

 the need to localize our products; 

•

 lack of appropriate local infrastructure to carry out operations; 

•

 political unrest or terrorism, particularly in areas in which we have employees and facilities; 

•

 potential vulnerability to computer system, internet or other systemic attacks, such as denial of service, viruses or other malware which may be caused by
criminals, terrorists or other sophisticated organizations; 

•

 compliance with a wide variety of complex laws, regulations and treaties including unexpected changes in (or new) legislative or regulatory requirements,
early termination of contracts with government agencies, audits, investigations, sanctions or penalties; 

•

 licenses, tariffs and other trade barriers; and 

•

 natural disaster or disease. 

The unique risks of operating in a particular country may require us to adopt a different business approach or strategy in that particular country which could increase our cost of doing business or limit the type of
business activities we can perform in such country. In addition, if we suffer a business disruption due to any of the risks 

15 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

listed above and do not have in place or are not able to implement adequate response plans, our ability to support customers and maintain normal business
operations for a significant length of time could be hindered such that our competitive position could be significantly impacted. Furthermore, our financial condition could be adversely impacted if our costs to recover escalate due to such recovery
occurring over a protracted period. 

We maintain a significant presence in India, Israel and other emerging market
countries, conducting substantial software development and support, marketing operations, IT operations and certain financial operations. Accordingly, we are directly affected by economic, political, physical and electrical infrastructure and
military conditions in these countries. Any major hostilities or the interruption or curtailment of trade between these countries and their present trading partners could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
results and cash flows. We maintain contingency and business continuity plans for all significant locations, and to date, various regional conflicts or other local economic or political issues have not caused any major adverse impact on our
operations in these countries. Should we be unable to conduct operations in these regions in the future, and our contingency and business continuity plans are unsuccessful, our business could be adversely affected. Furthermore, as the software and
technology labor market in these countries has developed at a rapid pace, with many multi-national companies competing for talent, there is a risk that wage and attrition rates will rise faster than we have anticipated, which could lead to
operational issues. 

We face exposure to foreign currency exchange rates. 

We conduct a significant number of transactions, including intercompany transactions, in currencies other than the United
States Dollar or the functional operating currency of the transactional entities, and our global subsidiaries maintain significant net assets that are denominated in currencies other than the functional operating currencies of these entities.
Accordingly, changes in the value of major foreign currencies, particularly the Euro and British Pound, Indian Rupee and Mexican Peso, relative to the United States Dollar can significantly affect our revenues and operating results due to
transactional and translational remeasurement that is reflected in our earnings. While we maintain a hedging program to hedge certain transactional exposures in foreign currencies, in an attempt to mitigate foreign exchange rate risks, this program
may not fully mitigate all of such risk. We may also experience foreign currency gains and losses where it is not possible or cost effective to hedge foreign currencies. Additionally, our efforts under this program may not be successful if we were
to fail to properly detect or manage foreign currency exchange rate exposures, which could also adversely impact our operating results. 

Recent upgrades and modifications to major portions of our enterprise resource planning and other key software applications could cause unexpected problems to occur and disruption to the management of our
business. 

We have recently upgraded and modified major portions of our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system
as well as other key software applications used in our global operations, and additional near-term enhancements and modifications are planned in certain of these areas. Our ERP system and related applications are integral to our ability to
accurately and efficiently maintain our books and records, record our transactions, provide critical information to our management and prepare our financial statements. We may encounter unexpected difficulties, costs or other challenges with any
such modifications, enhancements or upgrades, any of which may disrupt our business or cause delays in the reporting of our financial results. Corrections and improvements may be required as we modify, enhance or upgrade our systems, procedures and
controls, and could cause us to incur additional costs and require additional management attention, placing burdens on our internal resources. If we fail to manage these changes effectively, it could adversely affect our ability to manage the
accuracy and timely reporting of our business and our operating results. 

16 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Material weaknesses in our internal control and financial reporting environment may
impact the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of our external financial reporting. 

Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that management report annually on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and identify any material weaknesses in our internal control and financial reporting environment. During the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2009, our management completed the corrective actions to remediate a material weakness in accounting for income taxes discussed in our prior Form 10-Ks. If management identifies any material weaknesses in the future, their
correction could require remedial measures which could be costly and time-consuming. In addition, the presence of material weaknesses could result in financial statement errors which in turn could require us to restate our operating results. This in
turn could damage investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could affect our stock price and potentially subject us to litigation. 

We may lose key personnel, may not be able to hire enough qualified personnel or fail to integrate replacement personnel. 

Much of our future success depends on the continued service and availability of skilled personnel, including sales, technical, marketing
and staff resources. Experienced personnel in the information technology industry are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense. Changing demographics and labor work force trends may result in a loss of knowledge and skills as
experienced workers retire. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution.
In addition, acquisitions could cause us to lose key personnel of the acquired companies or our personnel. With rare exceptions, we do not have long-term employment agreements with our employees. Further, certain of our key personnel receive a total
compensation package that includes equity awards. New regulations, volatility in the stock market and other factors could diminish our use, and/or the value, of our equity awards, putting us at a competitive disadvantage or forcing us to use more
cash compensation. 

In addition, we continually focus on improving our cost structure. We have been hiring personnel in
countries where advanced technical expertise is available at lower costs. When we make adjustments to our workforce, we may incur expenses associated with workforce reductions that delay the benefit of a more efficient workforce structure. We may
also experience increased competition for employees in these countries as the trend toward globalization continues which may affect our employee retention efforts and/or increase our expenses in an effort to offer a competitive compensation program.

We have also undertaken restructurings over the past several years to improve our cost structure involving significant
reductions in our workforce, relocation of job functions to overseas locations and changes to our organizational structure. We will continue to make organizational changes aimed at improving our operating margins and driving operating efficiencies.
Some of these changes may result in future workforce reductions or rebalancing actions. These efforts place a strain on our management, administrative, technical, operational and financial infrastructure. 

If we fail to manage these changes effectively, it could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and our operating results.

There are risks associated with our outstanding indebtedness. 

In June 2008, we issued $300.0 million of senior unsecured notes due 2018, and we may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our
ability to pay interest and repay the principal on our indebtedness is dependent upon our ability to manage our business operations and the other factors discussed in this section. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage any of
these risks successfully. In addition, changes by any rating agency to our outlook or credit rating could negatively affect the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities. 

17 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Computer “hackers” may damage our systems, services and products;
breaches of data protection could impact our business. 

Computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate
our network security and misappropriate our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause interruptions or shutdowns of our internal systems and services. Also, a number of web sites have been subject to
denial of service attacks, where a web site is bombarded with information requests eventually causing the web site to overload, resulting in a delay or disruption of service. If successful, any of these events could damage our computer systems or
those of our customers and could disrupt or prevent us from providing timely maintenance and support for our products. Computer programmers and hackers also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that
attack our products or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our products. The costs to us to eliminate or alleviate security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant,
and the efforts to address these problems could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers and may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution and other critical functions. 

In the course of our regular business operations and providing maintenance support services to our customers, we process and transmit
proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of employees, customers and others. Breaches in security could expose us, our customers or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this
information, resulting in potential regulatory actions, litigation and potential liability for us, as well as the loss of existing or potential customers and damage to our brand and reputation.