. 

The following factors, among others, could cause the Company’s future results to differ from
those contained in forward-looking statements made in this report and presented elsewhere by management from time to time. Such factors, among others, may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results
of operations. The risks identified in this section are not exhaustive. The Company operates in a dynamic and competitive environment. New risk factors affecting the Company emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict
all such risk factors. Further, it is not possible to assess the impact of all risk factors on the Company’s business or the extent to which any single factor or combination of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those
contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these inherent risks and uncertainties, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. In addition, the Company undertakes no
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The following discussion of the Company’s risk factors speaks only as of the date on which they were
made and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included herein. Because of these and other factors, past financial performance should not be considered an indication of future performance.

The Company’s future profitability depends on the success of the Company’s principal product lines. 

Sales of the Company’s reconstructive products accounted for approximately 68% of the Company’s net sales for the year ended May 31, 2006. The Company
expects sales of reconstructive products to continue to account for a significant portion of the Company’s aggregate sales. Any event adversely affecting the sale of reconstructive products may, as a result, adversely affect the Company’s
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If the Company is unable to continue to develop and market new products and technologies in
a timely manner, the demand for the Company’s products may decrease, or the Company’s products could become obsolete, and the Company’s revenue and profitability may decline. 

The market for the Company’s products is highly competitive and dominated by a small number of large companies. The Company is continually engaged in product
development, research and improvement efforts, and new products and line extensions of existing products represent a significant component of the Company’s growth rate. The Company’s ability to continue to grow sales effectively depends on
its capacity to keep up with existing or new products and technologies in the musculoskeletal products market. In addition, if the Company’s competitors’ new products and technologies reach the market before the Company’s products,
they may gain a competitive advantage or render the Company’s products obsolete. See “Competition” in Item 1 – “Business” of this Form 10-K for more information about the Company’s competitors. The ultimate
success of the Company’s product development efforts will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the Company’s ability to create innovative designs and materials; provide innovative surgical techniques; accurately
anticipate and meet customers’ needs; commercialize new products in a timely manner; and manufacture and deliver products and instrumentation in sufficient volumes on time. 

Moreover, research and development efforts may require a substantial investment of time and resources before the Company is adequately able to determine the commercial viability of a new product, technology, material
or other innovation. Even in the event that the Company is able to successfully develop innovations, they may not produce revenue in excess of the costs of development and may be quickly rendered obsolete as a result of changing customer preferences
or the introduction by the Company’s competitors of products embodying new technologies or features. 

The Company is subject to substantial
government regulation that could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. 

Most aspects of the Company’s business are
subject to some degree of government regulation in the countries in which its operations are conducted. As discussed under the heading “Government Regulation” in Item 1 – “Business” of this Form 10-K, for some products
and in some areas of the world, such as the United States, Canada, Japan and Europe, government regulation is significant. Overall, there appears to be a trend toward more stringent regulation throughout the world. The Company does not anticipate
this trend to dissipate in the near future. In addition, the medical device industry is subject to a myriad of complex laws governing Medicare and Medicaid reimbursements and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has become increasingly
vigilant in recent years with respect to investigations of various business practices. Further, as a publicly-traded company, the Company is subject to increasingly demanding corporate and financial legislation in the United States, such as the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which requires the time and attention of management and creates additional costs and expenses. ln general, the development, testing, manufacture and marketing of the Company’s products are subject to extensive
regulation and review by numerous governmental authorities both in the United States and abroad. The regulatory process requires the expenditure of significant time, effort and expense to bring new products to market. In addition, the Company is
required to implement and maintain 

15 

Table of Contents

stringent reporting, labeling and record keeping procedures. The Company cannot assure that the relevant authorities will
approve any of its products. Furthermore, governmental and regulatory actions against the Company can result in various actions that could adversely impact the Company’s operations, including: 

•

the recall or seizure of products; 

•

the suspension or revocation of the authority necessary for the production or sale of a product; 

•

the imposition of fines and penalties; 

•

the delay of the Company’s ability to introduce new products into the market; and 

•

other civil or criminal sanctions against the Company. 

The Company
is subject to risks arising from currency exchange rate fluctuations, which could increase the Company’s costs and may cause the Company’s profitability to decline. 

During fiscal year 2006, sales of the Company’s products in foreign markets approximated $700,626,000 or 35% of the Company’s total revenues. Accordingly, the U.S. dollar value of the Company’s
foreign-generated revenues varies with currency exchange rate fluctuations. Measured in local currency, the majority of the Company’s foreign-generated revenues was generated in Europe. Significant increases in the value of the U.S. dollar
relative to foreign currencies could have an adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. The Company’s consolidated net sales were negatively affected by approximately 1% during fiscal year 2006 and positively affected by 2%
during fiscal year 2005, as a result of the impact of foreign currency translations. At the present time, the Company does not engage in hedging transactions to protect against uncertainty in future exchange rates between any particular foreign
currency and the U.S. dollar. 

Sales 
may decline if the Company’s customers do not receive adequate levels of reimbursement from
third-party payors for the Company’s products and if certain types of healthcare programs are adopted in the Company’s key markets. 

In
the United States, healthcare providers that purchase the Company’s products generally rely on payments from third-party payors (principally federal Medicare, state Medicaid and private health insurance plans) to cover all or a portion of the
cost of the Company’s musculoskeletal products. In the event that third-party payors deny coverage or reduce their current levels of reimbursement, the Company may be unable to sell certain of its products on a profitable basis, thus, adversely
impacting the Company’s results of operations. Further, third-party payors are continuing to carefully review their coverage policies with respect to existing and new therapies and can, without notice, deny coverage for treatments that may
include the use of the Company’s products. 

In addition, some healthcare providers in the United States have adopted, or are considering the adoption
of, a managed care system in which the providers contract to provide comprehensive healthcare for a fixed cost per person. Healthcare providers in a managed care system may attempt to control costs by authorizing fewer elective surgical procedures,
including joint reconstructive surgeries, or by requiring the use of the least expensive implant available. In response to these, and other, pricing pressures, the Company’s competitors may lower the prices for their products. The Company may
not be able to match the prices offered by the Company’s competitors, thus, adversely impacting the Company’s results of operations and future prospects. Further, in the event that the United States considers the adoption of a national
healthcare system in which prices are controlled and patient care is managed by the government, such regulation could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Outside the United States, reimbursement systems vary significantly from country to country. In the majority of the international markets in which the Company’s
products are sold, government-managed healthcare systems mandate the reimbursement rates and methods for medical devices and procedures. If adequate levels of reimbursement from third-party payors outside of the United States are not obtained,
international sales of the Company’s products may decline. Many foreign markets, including Canada, and some European and Asian countries, have tightened reimbursement rates. The ability of the Company to continue to sell certain of its products
profitably in these markets may diminish if the government-managed healthcare systems continue to reduce reimbursement rates. 

The Company’s
business may be harmed as a result of litigation. 

The Company’s involvement in the manufacture and sale of medical devices creates exposure to
significant risk of product liability claims, particularly in the United States. In the past, the Company has received product liability claims relating to the Company’s products and anticipates that it will continue to receive claims in the
future, some of which could have a negative impact on the Company’s business. Additionally, the Company could experience a material design or manufacturing failure in its products, a quality system failure, other safety issues or heightened
regulatory scrutiny that would warrant a recall of some of the Company’s products. The Company’s existing product liability insurance coverage may be inadequate to satisfy liabilities the Company might incur. If a product liability claim
or series of claims is brought against the Company for uninsured liabilities or is in excess of the Company’s insurance coverage limits, the Company’s business could suffer and its results could be materially impacted. 

16 

Table of Contents

In addition, the musculoskeletal products industry is highly litigious with respect to the enforcement of patents and
other intellectual property rights. In some cases, intellectual property litigation may be used to gain a competitive advantage. The Company has in the past and may in the future become a party to lawsuits involving patents or other intellectual
property. Further, as a publicly traded company, the Company may be the subject of shareholder litigation. A legal proceeding, regardless of the outcome, could put pressure on the Company’s financial resources and divert the time, energy and
efforts of the Company’s management. 

A natural or man-made disaster could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business.

The Company has approximately twenty manufacturing operations located throughout the world. However, a significant portion of the Company’s
products are produced at and shipped from its facility in Warsaw, Indiana. In the event that this facility were severely damaged or destroyed as a result of a natural or man-made disaster, the Company would be forced to shift production to its other
facilities and/or rely on third-party manufacturers. Such an event could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

The Company may not be able to retain its historical level of business in the bone cements and cement delivery system market segment. 

During fiscal year 2006, Heraeus Kulzer GmbH (“Kulzer”) ended its relationship with the Company. Historically, Kulzer was the primary supplier of bone cement to
the Company, including, most notably, the Palacos®

family of bone cement products. In addition, price increases for the Septopal
®

 product (which continues to be supplied by Kulzer to the Company) that were put into effect at the end of fiscal year 2005 have led to significantly decreased profit on sales of the Septopal
®

 product. The Company has been working to broaden the range of its internally
developed and manufactured bone cement products. Although the Company believes the bone cement products newly introduced and under development are well suited to meet the current trends in orthopedic surgery, and with respect to some products
represent an improvement in bone cement, the market acceptance of those products has yet to be determined. The Company cannot provide any assurances that it will be able to maintain its historic level of bone cement sales and such a decrease in
sales may adversely affect the Company’s financial results. 

The Company, like other companies in the orthopedic industry, is involved in
ongoing investigations by the United States Department of Justice, the results of which may adversely impact the Company’s business and results of operations. 

As discussed in greater detail in Item 3 on page 19 of this Form 10-K, the Company has received two grand jury subpoenas from the United States Department of Justice. The Company has cooperated and intends to
continue to fully cooperate with the Department of Justice. Nonetheless, the results of these inquiries may not be known for several years. The cooperation in these inquiries requires the diversion of Company resources, including time and expense,
from other Company matters. Moreover, in the event that the Company is found to have violated one or more applicable laws as a result of these investigations, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely impacted and the
Company may be required to significantly change some of its existing business practices.