. 

The following factors, among others, could cause the
Company’s future results to differ from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this report and presented elsewhere by management from time to time. Such factors, among others, may have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. The risks identified in this section are not exhaustive. The Company operates in a dynamic and competitive environment. New risk factors affecting the Company emerge from time
to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors. Further, it is not possible to assess the impact of all risk factors on the Company’s business or the extent to which any single factor or combination of factors
may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these inherent risks and uncertainties, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of
actual results. In addition, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The following discussion of the Company’s risk
factors speaks only as of the date on which they were made and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included herein. Because of these and other factors, past financial performance should not be
considered an indication of future performance. 

The Company’s future profitability depends on the success of the Company’s principal
product lines. 

Sales of the Company’s reconstructive products accounted for approximately 71% of the Company’s net sales for fiscal 2007
and approximately 68% of the Company’s net sales for fiscal 2006. The Company expects sales of reconstructive products to continue to account for a significant portion of the Company’s aggregate sales. Any event adversely affecting the
sale of reconstructive products may, as a result, adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If
the Company is unable to continue to develop and market new products and technologies in a timely manner, the demand for the Company’s products may decrease or the Company’s products could become obsolete, and the Company’s revenue
and profitability may decline. 

The market for the Company’s products is highly competitive and dominated by a small number of large companies.
The Company is continually engaged in product development, research and improvement efforts. New products and line extensions of existing products represent a significant component of the Company’s growth rate. The Company’s ability to
continue to grow sales effectively depends on the Company’s capacity to keep up with existing or new products and technologies in the musculoskeletal products market. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a medical device,
particularly from the FDA and certain foreign governmental authorities, can be costly and time consuming and approvals and clearances might not be granted for future products on a timely basis, if at all. Delays in receipt of, or failure to obtain,
approvals and clearances for future products could result in delayed realization of product revenues or in substantial additional costs that could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business or results of operations. In addition,
if the Company’s competitors’ new products and technologies reach the market before the Company’s products, they may gain a competitive advantage or render the Company’s products obsolete. The ultimate success of the
Company’s product development efforts will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the Company’s ability to create innovative designs and materials, provide innovative surgical techniques, accurately anticipate and meet
customers’ needs, commercialize new products in a timely manner and manufacture and deliver products and instrumentation in sufficient volumes on time. 

Moreover, research and development efforts may require a substantial investment of time and resources before the Company are adequately able to determine the commercial viability of a new product, technology, material or other innovation.
Even in the event that the Company is able to successfully develop innovations, they may not produce revenue in excess of the costs of development and may be quickly rendered obsolete as a result of changing customer preferences or the introduction
by the Company’s competitors of products embodying new technologies or features. 

The Company and the Company’s customers are subject to
substantial government regulation and compliance with these regulations can have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. 

The
medical devices the Company design, develop, manufacture and market are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA and numerous other federal, state and foreign governmental authorities. Overall, there appears to be a trend toward more stringent
regulation throughout the world, and the Company does not anticipate this trend to dissipate in the near future. 

In general, the development, testing,
manufacture and marketing of the Company’s products are subject to extensive regulation and review by numerous governmental authorities both in the United States and abroad. The regulatory process requires the expenditure of significant time,
effort and expense to bring new products to market. In addition, the Company is required to implement and maintain stringent reporting, labeling and record keeping procedures. The medical device industry also is subject to a myriad of complex laws
governing Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement and health care fraud and abuse laws, with these laws and regulations being very complex and subject to interpretation. In many instances, the industry does not have the benefit of significant regulatory
or judicial interpretation of these laws and regulations. In certain public statements, governmental authorities have taken positions on issues for which little official interpretation was previously available. Some of these positions appear to be
inconsistent with common practices within the industry but have not previously been challenged. 

18 

Table of Contents

Various federal and state agencies have become increasingly vigilant in recent years in their investigation of various
business practices. Governmental and regulatory actions against the Company can result in various actions that could adversely impact the Company’s operations, including: 

•

 the recall or seizure of products; 

•

 the suspension or revocation of the authority necessary for the production or sale of a product; 

•

 the suspension of shipments from particular manufacturing facilities; 

•

 the imposition of fines and penalties; 

•

 the delay of the Company’s ability to introduce new products into the market; 

•

 the exclusion of the Company’s products from being reimbursed by federal and state health care programs (such as Medicare, Medicaid, Veterans Administration
health programs and Civilian Health and Medical Program Uniformed Service, or CHAMPUS); and 

•

 other civil or criminal sanctions against the Company. 

Any of these actions, in combination or alone, or even a public announcement that the Company are being investigated for possible violations of these laws, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

In many of the foreign countries in which the Company markets its products, the Company is subject to regulations
affecting, among other things: clinical efficacy, product standards, packaging requirements, labeling requirements, import/export restrictions, tariff regulations, duties and tax requirements. Many of the regulations applicable to the Company’s
devices and products in these countries, such as the European Medical Devices Directive, are similar to those of the FDA. In addition, in many countries the national health or social security organizations require the Company’s products to be
qualified before they can be marketed with the benefit of reimbursement eligibility. Failure to receive or delays in the receipt of, relevant foreign qualifications also could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

As both the U.S. and foreign government regulators have become increasingly stringent, the Company may be subject to
more rigorous regulation by governmental authorities in the future. The Company’s products and operations are also often subject to the rules of industrial standards bodies, such as the International Standards Organization. If the Company fails
to adequately address any of these regulations, the Company’s business will be harmed. 

The Company, like other companies in the orthopedic
industry, is involved in ongoing investigations by the U.S. Department of Justice, the results of which may adversely impact the Company’s business and results of operations. 

On March 30, 2005 the Company announced that it had received a subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice through the U.S. Attorney for the District of New Jersey requesting documents related to any consulting
and professional service agreements with orthopedic surgeons using or considering the use of the Company’s hip or knee implants for the period January 2002 through March 29, 2005. The Company is aware that similar inquiries were directed
to other companies in the orthopedics industry. On July 19, 2006 the Company received a letter from the U.S. Department of Justice through the U.S. Attorney for the District of New Jersey requesting additional documents further to the subpoena
issued in March 2005. This letter requested additional documents related to consulting and service agreements for the time period January 1998 through the present, as well as research and other grant agreements for that same time period. Further,
the letter requested that the Company provide copies of the agreements identified in the supplemental request on an on-going basis. In addition, the requested information related to Company-sponsored training events, the selection process used by
the Company to identify consultants and researchers, the Company’s product design process for hip and knee implants and information on the Company’s orthopedic sales force. The Company has subsequently received additional requests for
information, both informally and by subpoena. 

The U.S. Attorney’s Office and the Company have recently begun discussions regarding a potential
resolution of this matter. The results of any resolution remain uncertain at this time, but could, among other things, require monetary payments, cause the Company to significantly change some of its existing business practices, and include the
potential for additional governmental oversight. Although the Company has cooperated and intends to continue to cooperate fully with the Department of Justice inquiry, discussions are still in preliminary stages with respect to the terms of any
proposed resolution and there can be no assurance that the Company will enter into a consensual resolution of this matter with the U.S. Attorney’s Office. 

19 

Table of Contents

From time to time, the Company has been, and may be in the future, the subject of additional investigations. If, as a
result of these investigations, the Company is found to have violated one or more applicable laws, the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. If some of the Company’s
existing business practices are challenged as unlawful, the Company may have to change those practices, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The Company conducts a significant amount of the Company’s sales activity outside of the United States, which subjects the Company to additional business
risks and may cause the Company’s profitability to decline due to increased costs. 

During fiscal 2007, the Company derived approximately $801
million, or 38% of the Company’s net sales, from sales of the Company’s products outside of the United States. The Company intends to continue to pursue growth opportunities in sales internationally, which could expose the Company to
additional risks associated with international sales and operations. The Company’s international operations are, and will continue to be, subject to a number of risks and potential costs, including: 

•

 changes in foreign medical reimbursement policies and programs; 

•

 unexpected changes in foreign regulatory requirements; 

•

 differing local product preferences and product requirements; 

•

 diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries outside of the United States; 

•

 trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

•

 difficulty in staffing, training and managing foreign operations; 

•

 differing legal and labor regulations; 

•

 potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws; and 

•

 political and economic instability. 

In addition,
the Company is subject to risks arising from currency exchange rate fluctuations, which could increase the Company’s costs and may cause the Company’s profitability to decline. The U.S. dollar value of the Company’s foreign-generated
revenues varies with currency exchange rate fluctuations. Measured in local currency, the majority of the Company’s foreign-generated revenues were generated in Europe. Significant increases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign
currencies could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. The Company’s consolidated net sales were positively affected by approximately 2% during fiscal 2007, as a result of the impact of foreign currency
translations. At the present time, the Company does not engage in hedging transactions to protect against uncertainty in future exchange rates between any particular foreign currency and the U.S. dollar. 

Any of these factors may, individually or as a group, have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

Sales may decline if the Company’s customers do not receive adequate levels of reimbursement from third-party payors for the Company’s
products and if certain types of healthcare programs are adopted in the Company’s key markets. 

In the United States, healthcare providers that
purchase the Company’s products (e.g., hospitals, physicians, dentists and other health care providers) generally rely on payments from third-party payors (principally federal Medicare, state Medicaid and private health insurance plans) to
cover all or a portion of the cost of the Company’s musculoskeletal products. These third-party payors may deny reimbursement if they determine that a device used in a procedure was not in accordance with cost-effective treatment methods, as
determined by the third-party payor, or was used for an unapproved indication. Third-party payors may also decline to reimburse for experimental procedures and devices. In the event that third-party payors deny coverage or reduce their current
levels of reimbursement, the Company may be unable to sell certain products on a profitable basis, thereby materially adversely impacting the Company’s results of operations. Further, third-party payors are continuing to carefully review their
coverage policies with respect to existing and new therapies and can, without notice, deny coverage for treatments that may include the use of the Company’s products. 

In addition, some healthcare providers in the United States have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, a managed care system in which the providers contract to provide comprehensive healthcare for a fixed cost
per person. Healthcare providers in a managed care system may attempt to control costs by authorizing fewer elective surgical procedures, including joint reconstructive surgeries, or by requiring the use of the least expensive implant available. In
response to these and other pricing pressures, the Company’s competitors may lower the prices for their products. The Company may not be able to match the prices offered by the Company’s competitors, thereby adversely impacting the
Company’s results of operations and future prospects. Further, in the event that the United States considers the adoption of a national healthcare system in which prices are controlled and patient care is managed by the government, such
regulation could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Outside of the United
States, reimbursement systems vary significantly from country to country. In the majority of the international markets in which the Company’s products are sold, government-managed healthcare systems mandate the reimbursement rates and methods
for medical devices and procedures. If adequate levels of reimbursement from third-party payors outside of the United States are not obtained, international sales of the Company’s products may decline. Many foreign markets, including Canada,
and some European and Asian countries, 

20 

Table of Contents

have tightened reimbursement rates. The Company’s ability to continue to sell certain products profitably in these markets may diminish if the
government-managed healthcare systems continue to reduce reimbursement rates. 

The Company is subject to cost-containment efforts of group purchasing
organizations, which may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. 

Many customers of the
Company’s products have joined group purchasing organizations in an effort to contain costs. Group purchasing organizations negotiate pricing arrangements with medical supply manufacturers and distributors, and these negotiated prices are made
available to a group purchasing organization’s affiliated hospitals and other members. If the Company is not one of the providers selected by a group purchasing organization, affiliated hospitals and other members may be less likely to purchase
the Company’s products, and if the group purchasing organization has negotiated a strict compliance contract for another manufacturer’s products, the Company may be precluded from making sales to members of the group purchasing
organization for the duration of the contractual arrangement. The Company’s failure to respond to the cost-containment efforts of group purchasing organizations may cause the Company to lose market share to the Company’s competitors and
could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s sales, results of operations and financial condition. 

Loss of the Company’s key
management and other personnel, or an inability to attract such management and other personnel, could impact the Company’s business. 

The
Company depends on the Company’s senior managers and other key personnel to run the Company’s business and on technical experts to develop new products and technologies. The loss of any of these senior managers or other key personnel could
adversely affect the Company’s operations. Competition for qualified employees is intense, and the loss of qualified employees or an inability to attract, retain and motivate additional highly skilled employees required for the management,
operation and expansion of the Company’s business could hinder the Company’s ability to expand, conduct research and development activities successfully and develop marketable products. 

Increased costs of retaining existing independent sales agents of the Company’s products have negatively affected the Company’s results of operations and
if the Company fails to retain the Company’s existing relationships with these independent sales agents or establish relationships with different agents, the Company’s results of operations may be negatively impacted. 

The Company’s revenues and profitability depend largely on the ability of independent sales agents to sell the Company’s products to customers. Typically,
these agents have developed long-standing relationships with the Company’s customers and provide the Company’s customers with the necessary training and product support relating to the Company’s products. The average tenure of the
Company’s independent sales agents within Biomet Orthopedics, Inc. is 9 years. 

Following the announcement of the Merger Agreement, in an attempt to
exploit the uncertainty related to the pending transaction, the Company’s direct competitors approached the independent sales agents the Company works with and offered them incentives to discontinue their existing relationships with the
Company. In an effort to ensure the continuity of its relationships with the independent third-party distributors who represent Biomet Orthopedics, Inc., the Company incurred expenses of $39,200,000 and approximately $33,000,000 in fiscal year 2007
and the first quarter of fiscal year 2008, respectively, which negatively affected its results of operations for these periods. The Company does not currently expect to incur additional significant expenses related to modifying these relationships
subsequent to the first quarter of fiscal year 2008. In addition, the Company and its subsidiary, Biomet Orthopedics, Inc., recently initiated legal proceedings in Marion County, Indiana against a direct competitor and certain former independent
sales agents related to the foregoing. For further information on this proceeding see “Item 3. Legal Proceedings - Other Litigation.” If the Company fails to retain it’s existing relationships with these agents or establish
relationships with different agents, the Company’s results of operations may be negatively impacted. 

The Company’s business may be harmed
as a result of litigation. 

The Company’s involvement in the manufacture and sale of medical devices creates exposure to significant risk of
product liability claims, particularly in the United States. In the past, the Company has received product liability claims relating to the Company’s products and anticipate that it will continue to receive claims in the future, some of which
could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business. In addition, the Company could experience a material design or manufacturing failure in the Company’s products, a quality system failure, other safety issues or heightened
regulatory scrutiny that would warrant a recall of some of the Company’s products. The Company’s existing product liability insurance coverage may be inadequate to satisfy liabilities the Company might incur. If a product liability claim
or series of claims is brought against the Company for uninsured liabilities or is in excess of the Company’s insurance coverage limits, the Company’s business could suffer and the Company’s results could be materially adversely
impacted. 

In addition, the musculoskeletal products industry is highly litigious with respect to the enforcement of patents and other intellectual
property rights. In some cases, intellectual property litigation may be used to gain a competitive advantage. The Company has in the past and may in the future become a party to lawsuits involving patents or other intellectual property. A legal
proceeding, regardless of the outcome, could put pressure on the Company’s financial resources and divert the time, energy and efforts of the Company’s management. 

21 

Table of Contents

A natural or man-made disaster could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business.

The Company has approximately 20 manufacturing operations located throughout the world. However, a significant portion of the Company’s
products are produced at and shipped from the Company’s facility in Warsaw, Indiana. In the event that this facility is severely damaged or destroyed as a result of a natural or man-made disaster, the Company would be forced to shift production
to the Company’s other facilities and/or rely on third-party manufacturers. Such an event could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

Risks Relating to the Stock Options Investigation and the Merger 

The Company’s review of historical stock option granting practices and restatement of consolidated financial statements may result in future litigation or regulatory inquiries, which could harm the Company’s financial
results. 

On December 18, 2006 and March 30, 2007, the Company announced preliminary and updated reports from the Special Committee
following the publication of an analyst report suggesting that certain historical stock option grants took place on dates when the Company’s stock price was trading at relatively low prices and the filing of two shareholder derivative lawsuits
alleging improper “backdating” of stock options. Based upon the analysis of these reports and relevant accounting literature, including Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 99, the Company’s Audit Committee determined on March 30,
2007 that the Company should amend the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006 and the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 31, 2006 to reflect the restatement of the
consolidated financial statements reflected therein (fiscal years 2006, 2005 and 2004 and periods ended August 31, 2006 and 2005) and related disclosures reflected therein. 

On May 25, 2007, the Company’s Board of Directors received and discussed the updated findings contained in the Special Committee’s final report, which concluded that: 

•

 the Company’s written stock option plans were treated by the Company’s management, and the stock option committee, as formalities concerning the manner in
which individual stock option grants were to be approved, resulting in a failure to abide by the terms of the plans; 

•

 the Company failed to receive appropriate legal or accounting advice from the Company’s former general counsel and the chief financial officer related to the
Company’s stock option program and, as a result, relevant legal and accounting rules were not followed; 

•

 the Company failed to put in place and implement internal controls to manage the Company’s stock option program, including failing to devote sufficient
resources to the administration of the Company’s stock option program; 

•

 the Company failed to prepare and maintain appropriate books and records documenting the administration of the Company’s stock option program, specifically
with regard to the approval of individual stock option grants; 

•

 most stock options issued by the Company were dated on dates other than the date of grant of those options, as that date was defined by the stock option plans;

•

 the Company engaged in purposeful “opportunistic” dating (and, therefore, pricing) of stock options; and 

•

 as a result of these deficiencies, certain of the Company’s proxy statements were inaccurate. 

The Company’s review of historical stock option granting practices has required it to incur additional expenses for legal, accounting, tax and other professional
services, and could in the future adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, including by virtue of exposing the Company to greater risks associated with litigation, regulatory and other
governmental proceedings. The Company has also incurred (or expects to incur) expenses in connection with certain corrective actions approved by its Compensation and Stock Option Committee with respect to misdated or mispriced stock options,
including (a) payments to compensate certain former option holders whose option exercise prices the Company increased to the fair market value of the shares underlying such options on the “measurement date” (as that term is defined in
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (“SFAS 123(R)”) for the options and (b) payments to the IRS on behalf of certain option holders (and reimbursement of one of the Company’s executive officers) to
cover taxes and penalties payable by such individuals as a result of their exercise of misdated or mispriced stock options prior to the date the Company amended such options to bring them into compliance with (and thereby avoid the taxes and
penalties imposed under) section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, as well as gross-up payments to such individuals for any taxes they incur as a result of such payments. In connection with the closing of the Offer,
all outstanding options, each an Option, to purchase Shares under Biomet’s stock plans, vested or unvested, were cancelled and each Option holder was paid an amount in cash equal to the excess, if any, of the Offer Price over the applicable
option exercise price for each Share subject to an Option, less any required withholding taxes. While the Company believes that it has made appropriate judgments in determining the correct measurement dates for the approximately 17,000 stock option
awards in question, the SEC or other governmental agencies may disagree with the manner in which the Company has accounted for and reported, or not reported, the financial and other impacts of past stock option grant measurement date errors, and
there is a risk that any such inquiry could lead to circumstances in which the Company may have to further restate the Company’s prior financial statements, amend prior SEC filings, or otherwise take other actions not currently contemplated by
the Company. Any such circumstance could also lead to future delays in filing the Company’s subsequent SEC reports and delisting of the Company’s Shares from The NASDAQ Global Select Market. The Company cannot give assurance that any
future litigation 

22 

Table of Contents

or regulatory action will result in the same conclusions as those reached by the Audit Committee. The conduct and resolution of these matters may be time
consuming, expensive and distracting from the conduct of the Company’s business. Furthermore, if the Company is subject to adverse findings in any of these matters, the Company could be required to pay damages, penalties or additional taxes or
have other remedies imposed upon it, which could harm the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

The
Company has been named as a party to a number of shareholder derivative lawsuits relating to the Company’s historical stock option grant practices, and the Company may be named in additional lawsuits in the future. This litigation could become
time consuming and expensive and could result in the payment of significant judgments and settlements, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. 

In connection with the Company’s historical stock option granting practices and resulting restatements, a number of derivative actions were filed against certain of
the Company’s current and former directors and officers, purporting to assert claims on the Company’s behalf. On May 25, 2007, the Board received and discussed an updated report from its Special Committee, which concluded that
pursuing these shareholder derivative lawsuits was not in the Company’s best interests. Under Indiana law, the Special Committee’s determination may be binding on the pending shareholder derivative lawsuits and result in dismissal of these
lawsuits. The Company cannot, however, predict the outcome of these current lawsuits, nor can the Company predict the amount of time and expense that will be required to resolve them. There may also be additional lawsuits of this nature filed in the
future. Defending the current lawsuits and any additional shareholder derivative lawsuits may become time consuming and expensive, and an unfavorable outcome in any of these cases could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, the issues arising from the Company’s previous retroactive pricing of stock options may
make it more difficult to obtain director and officer insurance coverage in the future. If the Company is able to obtain this coverage, it could be significantly more costly than in the past, which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s
financial results and cash flows. As a result of this and related factors, the Company’s directors and officers could face increased risks of personal liability in connection with the performance of their duties. Consequently, the Company may
have difficulty attracting and retaining qualified directors and officers, which could adversely affect the Company’s business. 

The Company is
subject to litigation related to the Merger. 

On December 20, 2006, a purported class-action lawsuit captioned Long, et al. v. Hann, et al.,
was filed in Indiana State court in the County of Kosciusko. The 
Long action names as defendants each member of the Company’s Board of Directors at the time, Blackstone Capital Partners V L.P., Goldman Sachs Investments Ltd., KKR
2006 Fund L.P., and TPG Partners V, L.P. In March, 2007, the defendants filed motions to dismiss the plaintiff’s complaint, and these motions are currently pending before the court. On January 2, 2007, a purported class-action lawsuit
captioned 
Gervasio v. Biomet, Inc., et al., was filed in Supreme Court for the State of New York, New York County. The 
Gervasio complaint named as defendants the Company, each member of the Company’s Board of Directors at the
time, The Blackstone Group L.P. and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. The 
Gervasio complaint also purported to name as defendants Goldman Sachs Capital Partners and Texas Pacific Group, neither of which is a legally existing entity. On
March 26, 2007, the court granted defendants’ motion to dismiss the 
Gervasio action. A third purported class-action lawsuit captioned 
Corry v. 
Biomet, Inc., et al., was filed in New York state court in the County of
New York on January 9, 2007, and was voluntarily discontinued on February 14, 2007. On May 31, 2007, the Company entered into a memorandum of understanding regarding the settlement of these purported class action lawsuits relating to
the Merger. However, additional lawsuits pertaining to the Merger could be filed in the future. 

Any conclusion of this litigation in a manner adverse to
the Company could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, the cost to the Company of defending the litigation, even if resolved in the Company’s
favor, could be substantial. Such litigation could also substantially divert the attention of the Company’s management and the Company’s resources in general. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of this litigation
could harm the Company’s ability to compete in the marketplace. 

Biomet’s controlling shareholder may have interests that conflict with the
interests of other stakeholders. 

LVB beneficially owns over 80% of Biomet’s Common Shares. Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, LVB
generally will have the ability to elect substantially all of the members of Biomet’s Board of Directors and will generally be able to select its management team, determine its corporate and management policies and make decisions relating to
fundamental corporate actions. The directors elected by LVB generally will have the authority to make decisions affecting Biomet’s capital structure, including the issuance of debt and declaration of dividends, and to authorize transactions.
These decisions could enhance LVB’s equity investment while involving risks to the interests of other stakeholders.