The following factors, as well as factors described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, or in other filings by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, could adversely affect the Company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  Other factors not presently known to us or that we presently believe are not material could also affect our business operations and financial results.

Raw materials

 — 

Raw material cost increases or shortages could adversely affect our results of operations.

As a manufacturer, our sales and profitability are dependent on the availability and cost of raw materials, which are subject to price fluctuations.  Inflationary and other increases in the costs of raw materials have occurred in the past and are expected to recur, and our performance depends in part on our ability to reflect changes in costs in selling prices for our products.  In the past, we have been generally successful in managing increased raw material costs and increasing selling prices when necessary.  Past performance may or may not be replicable in the future.  Natural disasters such as hurricanes, in addition to terrorist activity and government regulation of environmental emissions, may negatively impact the production or delivery capacity of our raw material suppliers in the chemical and paper industries.  This could result in increased raw material costs or supply shortages, which may have a negative impact on our profitability if we are unable to pass along the increased costs in our selling prices or, in the case of a shortage, secure raw materials from alternative sources.

Acquisitions

 — 

We may not be able to successfully integrate businesses that we acquire.

We have made numerous acquisitions in the past and are actively seeking new acquisitions that we believe will provide meaningful opportunities to grow our business and improve profitability.  Acquired businesses may not achieve the levels of revenue, profit, productivity, or otherwise perform as we expect.  Acquisitions involve special risks, including, without limitation, the potential assumption of unanticipated liabilities and contingencies as well as difficulties in integrating acquired businesses.  While we believe that our acquisitions will improve our competitiveness and profitability, we can give no assurance that acquisitions will be successful or accretive to earnings.

Goodwill and other intangible assets

 — 

A significant write down of goodwill and/or other intangible assets would have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations and net worth.

We review our goodwill balance for impairment at least once a year using the business valuation methods allowed in accordance with current accounting standards.  These methods include the use of a weighted-average cost of capital to calculate the present value of the expected future cash flows of our reporting units.  Future changes in the cost of capital, expected cash flows, or other factors may cause our goodwill and/or other intangible assets to be impaired, resulting in a non-cash charge against results of operations to write down these assets for the amount of the impairment.  In addition, if we make changes in our business strategy or if external conditions adversely affect our business operations, we may be required to record an impairment charge for goodwill or intangibles, which would lead to decreased assets and reduced net operating performance.  If a significant write down is required, the charge would have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations and net worth.  We have identified the valuation of intangibles as a critical accounting estimate.  See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments—Intangible assets and goodwill” included in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Patents and proprietary technology

 — 

Our success is dependent on our ability to develop and successfully introduce new products and to acquire and retain intellectual property rights.

Our ability to develop and successfully market new products and to develop, acquire, and retain necessary intellectual property rights is essential to our continued success, but cannot reasonably be assured.

Facility consolidation activities — Our facility consolidation activities and cost saving initiatives may not achieve the results we anticipate.

We have undertaken and will continue to undertake facility consolidation activities and cost reduction initiatives to optimize our asset base, improve operating efficiencies and generate cost savings.  We cannot be certain that we will be able to complete these initiatives as planned or that the estimated operating efficiencies or cost savings from such activities will be fully realized or maintained over time.  In addition, we may not be successful in migrating production from one facility to another.

Funded status of pension plans

 — 

Recognition of pension liabilities may cause a significant reduction in stockholders’ equity.

Current accounting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) require balance sheet recognition of the funded status of our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans.  If the fair value of our pension plans’ assets at a future reporting date decreases or if the discount rate used to calculate the projected benefit obligation (PBO) as of that date decreases, we will be required to record the incremental change in the excess of PBO over the fair value of the assets as a reduction of stockholders’ equity.  The resulting non-cash after-tax charge would not reduce reported earnings as this amount would represent future expense.  Rather, it would be recorded directly as a decrease in the Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income component of stockholders’ equity.  While we cannot estimate the future funded status of our pension liability with any certainty at this time, we believe that if the market value of assets or the discount rate used to calculate our pension liability materially decreases, the adjustment could significantly reduce our stockholders’ equity.  A significant reduction in stockholders’ equity may impact our compliance with debt covenants or could cause a downgrade in our credit ratings that could also adversely impact our future cost and speed of borrowing and have an adverse affect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.  We have identified pension assumptions as critical accounting estimates.  See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments—Pension costs” and “—Pension assumptions sensitivity analysis” included in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Multiemployer Pension Plans

We participate in three “multiemployer” pension plans administered by labor unions representing some of our employees.  We make periodic contributions to these plans to allow them to meet their pension benefit obligations to their participants.  Our required contributions to these funds are increasing because of a shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other

6

Table of Contents

companies that currently contribute to these funds, inability or failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability, lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies.  In the event that we withdraw from participation in one of these plans, then applicable law could require us to make an additional lump-sum contribution to the plan, and we would have to reflect that as an expense in our consolidated statement of operations and as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet.  Our withdrawal liability for any multiemployer plan would depend on the extent of the plan’s funding of vested benefits.  In the ordinary course of our renegotiation of collective bargaining agreements with labor unions that maintain these plans, we may decide to discontinue participation in a plan, and in that event, we could face a withdrawal liability.  All multiemployer plans in which we participate are reported to have significant underfunded liabilities.  Such underfunding could increase the size of our potential withdrawal liability.

Information technology

 — 

A failure in our information technology infrastructure or applications could negatively affect our business.

We depend on information technology to record and process customer’s orders, manufacture and ship products in a timely manner, and maintain the financial accuracy of our business records.  We are in the process of implementing a global Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system that will redesign and deploy new processes and a common information system across our plants over a period of several years.  There can be no certainty that this system will deliver the expected benefits.  The failure to achieve our goals may impact our ability to (1) process transactions accurately and efficiently and (2) remain in step with the changing needs of the trade, which could result in the loss of customers.  In addition, the failure to either deliver the application on time, or anticipate the necessary readiness and training needs, could lead to business disruption and loss of customers and revenue.  Finally, failure or abandonment of the ERP system could result in a write-off of part or all of the costs that have been capitalized on the project.

Our information systems could also be penetrated by outside parties intent on extracting information, corrupting information, or disrupting business processes.  Such unauthorized access could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of assets, which could result in the loss of customer confidence and business, and cause us to incur time and expense in remediation efforts.

Credit rating

 — 

A downgrade in our credit rating could increase our borrowing costs and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.

In addition to using cash provided by operations, we regularly issue commercial paper to meet our short-term liquidity needs.  Our credit ratings are important to our ability to issue commercial paper at favorable rates of interest.  A downgrade in our credit rating could increase the cost of borrowing by increasing the spread over prevailing market rates that we pay for our commercial paper or the fees associated with our bank credit facility.  If for any reason the commercial paper market was not available, we would borrow on our existing credit agreements.  If these were no longer available to us, we would be required to seek alternative sources of financing.  We would expect to meet our financial liquidity needs by accessing the bank market, which would further increase our borrowing costs.

Interest rates

 — 

An increase in interest rates could reduce our reported results of operations.

At December 31, 2011, our variable rate borrowings approximated $455.0 million (which includes $400 million fixed rate notes that have been effectively converted to variable rate debt through the use of a fixed to variable rate interest rate swap).  Fluctuations in interest rates can increase borrowing costs and have an adverse impact on results of operations.  Accordingly, increases in short-term interest rates will directly impact the amount of interest we pay.  For each one percent increase in variable interest rates, our annual interest expense would increase by $4.6 million on the $455.0 million of variable rate debt outstanding as of December 31, 2011.

Domestic and international economic conditions.

Disruption in the domestic and international equity and financial markets may impact local economies in which we conduct business.  We are not able to predict the future impact of other market disruptions on our liquidity and consolidated statements of financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

Foreign operations

 — 

Conditions in foreign countries and changes in foreign currency exchange rates may significantly reduce our reported results of operations.

We have operations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, South America, Europe, and Asia Pacific.  In 2011, approximately 33 percent of our sales were generated by entities operating outside of the United States.  Fluctuations in currencies can cause transaction and translation losses.  In addition, our revenues and net income may be adversely affected by economic conditions, political situations, and changing laws and regulations in foreign countries, as to which we have no control.

Numerous other factors over which we may have limited or no control may affect our performance and profitability.

Other factors that may influence our earnings, financial position, and liquidity include:  legal and administrative cases and proceedings (whether civil, such as environmental or product related, or criminal), settlements, judgments, and investigations; developments or assertions by or against us relating to intellectual property rights and intellectual property licenses; adoption of new, or changes in, accounting policies or practices and the application of such policies and practices; changes in business mix; customer and supplier business reorganizations or combinations; increase in cost of debt; ability to retain adequate levels of insurance coverage at acceptable rates; fluctuations in pension and employee benefit costs; loss of significant contract(s); risks and uncertainties relating to investment in development activities and new facilities; timely development and successful market acceptance of new products; pricing of competitive products; disruptions in transportation networks; increased participation in potentially less stable emerging markets; reliability of utility services; impact of computer viruses; general or specific economic conditions and the ability and willingness of purchasers to substitute other products for the products that we manufacture; financial condition and inventory strategies of customers and suppliers; credit risks; changes in customer order patterns; employee work stoppages at plants; increased competition; changes in government regulations and the impact of changes in the world political environment, including the ability to estimate the impact of foreign currency exchange rates on financial results; the impact of epidemiological events on the economy and on our customers and suppliers; and acts of war, terrorism, weather, and other natural disasters.

7

Table of Contents