Domestic and international economic conditions.

Disruption in the domestic and international equity
and financial markets has negatively impacted the United States’ economy as
well as international markets in which we conduct business.  We are not able to predict the future impact
of this global financial crisis on our liquidity and consolidated statements of
financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

Funded status of pension plans

 — 

Recognition of pension
liabilities may cause a significant reduction in stockholders’ equity.

Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) No. 158, Employers’
Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans,
requires balance sheet recognition of the funded status of our defined benefit
pension and postretirement benefit plans. 
If the fair value of our pension plans’ assets at a future reporting
date decreases or if the discount rate used to calculate the projected benefit
obligation (PBO) as of that date decreases, we will be required to record the
incremental change in the excess of PBO over the fair value of the assets as a
reduction of stockholders’ equity.  The
resulting non-cash after-tax charge would not reduce reported 

5

Table of Contents

earnings
as this amount would represent future expense. 
It would be recorded directly as a decrease in the Other Comprehensive
Income component of stockholders’ equity. 
While we cannot estimate the future funded status of our pension
liability with any certainty at this time, we believe that if the market value
of assets or the discount rate used to calculate our pension liability materially
decreases, the adjustment could significantly reduce our stockholders’
equity.  A significant reduction in
stockholders’ equity may impact our compliance with debt covenants or could
cause a downgrade in our credit ratings that could also adversely impact our
future cost and speed of borrowing and have an adverse affect on our financial
condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
We have identified pension assumptions as critical accounting estimates.  See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates and
Judgments—Accounting for pension costs” and “—Pension assumptions sensitivity
analysis” included in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Goodwill and other intangible assets

 – 

A significant write down of
goodwill and/or other intangible assets would have a material adverse effect on
our reported results of operations and net worth.

On
January 1, 2002, we adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142,
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
(FAS No. 142).  We no longer
amortize goodwill, but we review our goodwill balance for impairment at least
once a year using the business valuation methods required by FAS No. 142.  These methods include the use of a weighted-average
cost of capital to calculate the present value of the expected future cash
flows of our reporting units.  Future
changes in the cost of capital, expected cash flows, or other factors may cause
our goodwill and/or other intangible assets to be impaired, resulting in a
non-cash charge against results of operations to write down these assets for
the amount of the impairment.  If a
significant write down is required, the charge would have a material adverse
effect on our reported results of operations and net worth.  We have identified the valuation of
intangibles as a critical accounting estimate. 
See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments—Intangible
assets and goodwill” included in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Foreign operations

 – 

Conditions in foreign countries and changes in foreign
exchange rates may reduce our reported results of operations.

We
have operations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, South America, Europe,
and Asia.  In 2008, approximately 36
percent of our sales were generated by entities operating outside of the United
States.  Fluctuations in currencies can
cause transaction and translation losses. 
In addition, our revenues and net income may be adversely affected by
economic conditions, political situations, and changing laws and regulations in
foreign countries, as to which we have no control.

Interest rates

 – 

An increase in interest rates
could reduce our reported results of operations.

At
December 31, 2008, our variable rate borrowings approximated $380.7
million.  Fluctuations in interest rates
can increase borrowing costs and have an adverse impact on results of
operations.  Accordingly, increases in
short-term interest rates will directly impact the amount of interest we
pay.  For each one percent increase in
variable interest rates, our annual interest expense would increase by $3.8
million on the $380.7 million of variable rate debt outstanding as of December 31,
2008.

Credit rating

 – 

A downgrade in our credit rating could increase our borrowing
costs and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.

In
addition to using cash provided by operations, we regularly issue commercial
paper to meet our short-term liquidity needs. 
Our credit ratings are important to our ability to issue commercial
paper at favorable rates of interest.  A
downgrade in our credit rating could increase the cost of borrowing by
increasing the spread over prevailing market rates that we pay for our
commercial paper or the fees associated with our bank credit facility.  In addition, our bank credit facility has
covenants that include limits on the sale of businesses, minimum net worth calculations,
and a maximum ratio of debt to total capitalization.  If for any reason our existing credit
arrangements were no longer available to us we would be required to seek
alternative sources of financing.  We would
expect to meet our financial liquidity needs by accessing the bank market, which
would further increase our borrowing costs.

Raw materials

 – 

Raw material cost increases or shortages could adversely
affect our results of operations.

As
a manufacturer, our sales and profitability are dependent upon the availability
and cost of raw materials, which are subject to price fluctuations.  Inflationary and other increases in the costs
of raw materials have occurred in the past and are expected to recur, and our
performance depends in part on our ability to reflect changes in costs in selling
prices for our products.  In the past, we
have been generally successful in managing increased raw material costs and
increasing selling prices when necessary. 
Past performance may or may not be replicable in the future.  Natural disasters such as hurricanes, in
addition to terrorist activity and government regulation of environmental
emissions, may negatively impact the production or delivery capacity of our raw
material suppliers in the chemical and paper industries.  This could result in increased raw material
costs or supply shortages, which may have a negative impact on our
profitability if we are unable to pass along the increased costs in our selling
prices or, in the case of a shortage, secure raw materials from alternative
sources.

Patents and proprietary technology

 – 

Our success is dependent on
our ability to develop and successfully introduce new products and to acquire
and retain intellectual property rights.

Our
ability to develop and successfully market new products and to develop, acquire,
and retain necessary intellectual property rights is essential to our continued
success, which ability cannot be assured.

Industry investigations

 – 

Several lawsuits have been
filed against us related to alleged unlawful competitive activities in the industry
in connection with now-concluded investigations of the labelstock industry by
the U.S. Department of Justice and of the paper and forest products sector by
the European Commission.

In
April 2003, we were notified by the U.S. Department of Justice’s Antitrust
Division that it expected to initiate a criminal investigation into competitive
practices in the labelstock industry, and in August 2003 the U.S.
Department of Justice issued a subpoena to us in connection with the
investigation.  In May 2004, the
European Commission, seeking evidence of unlawful anticompetitive activities,
initiated inspections and obtained documents from our pressure sensitive
materials facility in Belgium.  We
cooperated fully

6

Table of Contents

with
these investigations, and both investigations were closed by each agency
without further action.  We and one of
our subsidiaries are named defendants in lawsuits in the United States seeking
treble damages and other relief for alleged unlawful competitive practices,
which were filed after the announcement of the U.S. Department of Justice
investigation.  We are unable to predict
the outcome of these matters although the effect could be material to the
results of operations and/or cash flows of the period in which the matter is
resolved.

Acquisitions

 – 

We may not be able to successfully integrate the businesses
that we acquire.

We
have made numerous acquisitions in the past and are actively seeking new
acquisitions that we believe will provide meaningful opportunities to grow our
business and improve profitability. 
Acquired businesses may not achieve the levels of revenue, profit,
productivity, or otherwise perform as we expect.  Acquisitions involve special risks,
including, without limitation, the potential assumption of unanticipated
liabilities and contingencies as well as difficulties in integrating acquired
businesses.  While we believe that our
acquisitions will improve our competitiveness and profitability, we can give no
assurance that acquisitions will be successful or accretive to earnings.

Information technology

 – 

A failure in our information
technology infrastructure or applications could negatively affect our business.

We
depend on information technology to record and process customer’s orders,
manufacture and ship products in a timely manner, and maintain the financial
accuracy of our business records.  We are
in the process of developing and implementing a global Enterprise Resource
Planning (ERP) system that will redesign and deploy new processes and a common
information system across our plants over a period of several years.  There can be no certainty that this system
will deliver the expected benefits.  The
failure to achieve our goals may impact our ability to (1) process
transactions accurately and efficiently and (2) remain in step with the
changing needs of the trade, which could result in the loss of customers.  In addition, the failure to either deliver
the application on time, or anticipate the necessary readiness and training
needs, could lead to business disruption and loss of customers and
revenue.  Finally, failure or abandonment
of the ERP system could result in a write-off of part or all of the costs that
have been capitalized on the project.

Our
information systems could also be penetrated by outside parties intent on
extracting information, corrupting information, or disrupting business
processes.  Such unauthorized access
could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of assets.

Numerous other factors over which we may have limited
or no control may affect our performance and profitability.

Other
factors that may influence our earnings, financial position, and liquidity include:  legal and administrative cases and
proceedings (whether civil, such as environmental or product related, or
criminal), settlements, judgments, and investigations; developments or
assertions by or against us relating to intellectual property rights and
intellectual property licenses; adoption of new, or changes in, accounting
policies or practices and the application of such policies and practices;
changes in business mix; customer and supplier business reorganizations or
combinations; increase in cost of debt; ability to retain adequate levels of
insurance coverage at acceptable rates; fluctuations in pension and employee
benefit costs; loss of significant contract(s); risks and uncertainties
relating to investment in development activities and new facilities; timely
development and successful market acceptance of new products; pricing of
competitive products; disruptions in transportation networks; increased
participation in potentially less stable emerging markets; reliability of
utility services; impact of computer viruses; general or specific economic
conditions and the ability and willingness of purchasers to substitute other
products for the products that we manufacture; financial condition and
inventory strategies of customers and suppliers; credit risks; changes in
customer order patterns; employee work stoppages at plants; increased
competition; changes in government regulations and the impact of changes in the
world political environment, including the ability to estimate the impact of
foreign currency exchange rates on financial results; the impact of
epidemiological events on the economy and on our customers and suppliers; and
acts of war, terrorism, weather, and other natural disasters.