Funded status of pension plans—Recognition of minimum pension
liability may cause a significant reduction in net worth.

Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87, Employers’ Accounting
for Pensions
, requires balance sheet recognition of a minimum
liability if the fair value of plan assets is less than the accumulated benefit
obligation (ABO) at the end of the year.  The fair value of our largest U.S. pension
plan’s assets exceeded the ABO at December 31, 2005; therefore, no
recognition of minimum liability was required for this plan.  However, if the fair value of our largest U.S.
pension plan’s assets at a future reporting date decreases or if the discount
rate used to calculate the ABO as of that date decreases, we may be required to
write off our prepaid pension assets and record a liability equal to the excess
of ABO over the fair value of the assets.  The resulting non-cash after-tax charge would
not reduce reported earnings.  It would
be recorded directly as a decrease in the Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income component of stockholders’ equity.  While we cannot estimate the future minimum
liability with any certainty at this time, we believe that if an adjustment is
required, the adjustment would significantly reduce our net worth.  We have identified pension assumptions as
critical accounting estimates.  See “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments—Accounting for annual
pension costs” and “—Pension assumptions sensitivity analysis” included in Item
7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Goodwill and other intangible assets—A significant write down
of goodwill and/or other intangible assets would have a material adverse effect
on our reported results of operations and net worth.

                On January 1, 2002, we
adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
 (FAS No. 142).  We no longer amortize goodwill, but we review
our goodwill balance for impairment at least once a year using the business
valuation methods required by FAS No. 142.  These methods include the use of a weighted-average
cost of capital to calculate the present value of the expected future cash
flows of our reporting units.  Future
changes in the cost of capital, expected

cash flows, or other factors may cause our goodwill and/or other
intangible assets to be impaired, resulting in a non-cash charge against
results of operations to write down these assets for the amount of the
impairment.  If a significant write down
is required, the charge would have a material adverse effect on our reported
results of operations and net worth.  We
have identified the valuation of intangibles as a critical accounting estimate.
 See “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting
Estimates and Judgments—Intangible assets and goodwill” included in Item 7 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Foreign operations—Conditions in foreign countries and
changes in foreign exchange rates may reduce our reported results of
operations.

We
have operations in North America, South America, Europe, and Asia.  In 2005, approximately 34 percent of our sales
were generated by entities operating outside of the United States.  Fluctuations in currencies can cause
transaction and translation losses.  In
addition, our revenues and net income may be adversely affected by economic
conditions, political situations, and changing laws and regulations in foreign
countries, as to which we have no control.

5

Interest rates—An increase in interest rates could reduce our
reported results of operations.

At
December 31, 2005, our variable rate borrowings approximated $521 million.
 Fluctuations in interest rates can
increase borrowing costs and have an adverse impact on results of operations.  In September 2001, we entered into
interest rate swap agreements with three U.S. banks, which increased our exposure
to variable rates.  Accordingly,
increases in short-term interest rates will directly impact the amount of
interest we pay.  For each one percent
increase in variable interest rates, our annual interest expense on $844.1
million of total debt outstanding as of December 31, 2005 would increase
by $5.2 million.

A downgrade in our credit rating could increase our borrowing
costs and negatively affect our ability to access capital.

In
addition to using cash provided by operations, we regularly issue commercial
paper to meet our short-term liquidity needs.  Our credit ratings are important to our
ability to issue commercial paper at favorable rates of interest.  In conjunction with our Dixie Toga acquisition
in January 2005, while Standard & Poor’s confirmed the
continuation of its ratings of “A” and “A-1” for our long-term senior unsecured
debt and commercial paper, respectively, Moody’s Investors Service reduced our
long-term senior unsecured rating to “Baa1” from “A2”, and our short-term
rating to “Prime-2” from “Prime-1”.  A
downgrade in our credit rating could increase the cost of borrowing by
increasing the spread over prevailing market rates that we pay for our
commercial paper or the fees associated with our bank credit facility.  In addition, our bank credit facility has
covenants that include limits on the sale of businesses, minimum net worth
calculations, and a maximum ratio of debt to total capitalization.  If for any reason our existing credit
arrangements were no longer available to us, we would expect to meet our
financial liquidity needs by accessing the bank market, which would further
increase our borrowing costs.

Raw materials—Raw material cost increases or shortages could
adversely affect our results of operations.

As
a manufacturer, our sales and profitability are dependent upon the availability
and cost of raw materials, which are subject to price fluctuations, and the
ability to control or pass on fluctuating costs of raw materials.  Inflationary and other increases in the costs
of raw materials have occurred in the past and are expected to recur, and our
performance depends in part on our ability to reflect changes in costs in
selling prices for our products.  For
example, during 2003, a sizable increase in the cost to us for polyethylene
resin followed quickly by a decrease in that cost delayed our ability to adjust
our selling prices, which negatively impacted our 2003 operating margins.  More recently, operating profit during the
first quarter of 2005 was negatively impacted as our selling prices did not
keep pace with the rapidly increasing cost of polymer resins, adhesives, and
coatings that occurred during the latter part of the fourth quarter of 2004 and
the early part of the first quarter of 2005.  In the past, we have been generally successful
in managing increased raw material costs and increasing selling prices when
necessary.  Past performance may or may
not be replicable in the future.

Patents and proprietary technology—Our success is dependent
on our ability to develop and successfully introduce new products and to
acquire and retain intellectual property rights.

Our
ability to develop and successfully market new products and to develop, acquire,
and retain necessary intellectual property rights is essential to our continued
success, which ability cannot be assured.

Industry investigations—We are included in investigations of
the labelstock industry by the U.S. Department of Justice and of the paper and
forest products sector by the European Commission, and several lawsuits have
been filed against us related to alleged unlawful competitive activities in the
industry.

In
April 2003, we were notified by the U.S. Department of Justice’s Antitrust
Division that it expected to initiate a criminal investigation into competitive
practices in the labelstock industry, and in August 2003, the U.S.
Department of Justice issued a subpoena to us in connection with the
investigation.  In May 2004, the
European Commission, seeking evidence of unlawful anticompetitive activities, initiated
inspections and obtained documents from our pressure sensitive materials
facility in Belgium.  We are cooperating
with these investigations.  We and one of
our subsidiaries are named defendants in lawsuits in the United States seeking
treble damages and other relief for alleged unlawful competitive practices,
which were filed after the announcement of the U.S. Department of Justice
investigation.  We are unable to predict
the outcome of these matters although the effect could be material to the
results of operations and/or cash flows of the period in which the matter is
resolved.

Acquisitions—We may not be able to successfully integrate the
businesses that we acquire.

We
have made numerous acquisitions in the past and are actively seeking new
acquisitions that we believe will provide meaningful opportunities to grow our
business and improve profitability.  Since the beginning of 2003, we have completed
three acquisitions to enhance the breadth of our product offerings and expand
the market and geographic participation of our business segments, which
included our acquisition on January 5, 2005 of majority ownership of Dixie
Toga S.A., one of the largest packaging companies in South America.  Acquired businesses may not achieve the levels
of revenue, profit, productivity, or otherwise perform as we expect.  Acquisitions involve special risks, including,
without limitation, the potential assumption of unanticipated liabilities and
contingencies as well as difficulties in integrating acquired businesses.  While we believe that our acquisitions will
improve our competitiveness and profitability, we can give no assurance that
acquisitions will be successful or accretive to earnings.

Numerous other factors over which we may have limited or no
control may affect our performance and profitability.

Other
factors that may influence our earnings include:  legal and administrative cases and proceedings
(whether civil, such as environmental and product related, or criminal),
settlements, judgments, and investigations; developments or assertions by or
against us relating to intellectual property rights and intellectual property
licenses; adoption of new, or change in, accounting policies or practices and
the application of such policies and practices; changes in business mix;
customer and supplier business reorganizations or combinations; increase in
cost of debt; ability to retain adequate levels of insurance coverage at
acceptable rates; fluctuations in pension and employee benefit costs; loss of
significant contract(s); risks and uncertainties relating to investment in
development activities and new facilities; timely development and successful
market acceptance of new products; pricing of competitive products; disruptions
in transportation networks; increased participation in potentially less stable
emerging markets; reliability of utility services; impact of computer viruses;
general or specific economic conditions and the ability and willingness of
purchasers to substitute other products for

6

the products that we manufacture; financial condition and inventory
strategies of customers and suppliers; credit risks; changes in customer order
patterns; increased competition; changes in government regulations and the
impact of changes in the world political environment, including the ability to
estimate the impact of foreign currency exchange rates on financial results;
the impact of epidemiological events on the economy and on our customers and
suppliers; and acts of war, terrorism, weather, and other natural disasters.