The following factors, as
well as factors described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, or in other filings
by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission, could adversely
affect the Company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations or
cash flows.  Other factors not presently
known to us or that we presently believe are not material could also affect our
business operations and financial results.

Acquisitions

 — 

We
may not be able to successfully integrate businesses that we acquire.

We
have made numerous acquisitions in the past and are actively seeking new
acquisitions that we believe will provide meaningful opportunities to grow our
business and improve profitability. 
Acquired businesses may not achieve the levels of revenue, profit,
productivity, or otherwise perform as we expect.  Acquisitions involve special risks,
including, without limitation, the potential assumption of unanticipated
liabilities and contingencies as well as difficulties in integrating acquired
businesses.  While we believe that our
acquisitions will improve our competitiveness and profitability, we can give no
assurance that acquisitions will be successful or accretive to earnings.

Alcan Packaging Food Americas Acquisition.

On March 1, 2010, Bemis completed the acquisition of the Food
Americas operations of Alcan Packaging (the Food Americas Acquisition), a
business unit of international mining group Rio Tinto plc, for $1.2
billion.  The acquisition will expand our
global presence with 23 Food Americas flexible packaging facilities in the
U.S., Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, and New Zealand.  These flexible packaging facilities recorded
net sales of $1.4 billion in 2009 to the food and beverage markets and include
expertise in foil and crystallized polyester technologies.

This Food Americas
Acquisition presents additional or increased risk factors as follows:

We may not realize the expected benefits of the Food Americas
Acquisition because of integration difficulties and other challenges.

The success of the Food
Americas Acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the
anticipated synergies, and cost savings from integrating the Alcan Packaging
Food Americas business with our existing businesses. The integration process
may be complex, costly, and time-consuming. The difficulties of integrating the
operations of the Alcan Packaging Food Americas business include, among others:

·

failure to
implement our business plan for the combined business;

·

unanticipated
issues in integrating manufacturing, logistics, information, communications,
and other systems;

·

unanticipated
changes in applicable laws and regulations;

·

failure to
retain key employees;

·

operating risks
inherent in the Alcan Packaging Food Americas business and our business;

·

the impact on
our internal controls and compliance with the regulatory requirements under the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and

·

unanticipated
issues, expenses, and liabilities.

We
may not accomplish the integration of the Alcan Packaging Food Americas
business smoothly, successfully, or within the anticipated costs or timeframe.
The diversion of the attention of management from our current operations to the
integration effort and any difficulties encountered in combining operations
could prevent us from realizing the full benefits anticipated to result from
the Food Americas Acquisition and could adversely affect our business.

We have incurred and will incur significant
transaction and acquisition-related costs in connection with the Food Americas
Acquisition.

We
have incurred and will incur significant costs in connection with the Food
Americas Acquisition. The substantial majority of these costs will be
non-recurring expenses related to the Food Americas Acquisition, facilities,
and systems consolidation costs.  We may
incur additional costs to maintain employee morale and to retain key employees.
We will also incur substantial transaction fees and costs related to
formulating integration plans. Additional costs will be incurred in the
integration of the Alcan Packaging Food Americas business. Although we expect
that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other
efficiencies related to the integration of the business, should allow us to
more than offset incremental transaction and acquisition-related costs over
time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all.

Our increased debt obligations incurred to
finance the Food Americas Acquisition could adversely affect our business and
limit our ability to plan for or respond to changes in our business.

Our increased debt
obligations could have important consequences to our business. For example:

·

we may be more vulnerable to general adverse
economic and industry conditions;

·

we may be required to dedicate a substantial
portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness,
thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow for other purposes,
including business development efforts and mergers and acquisitions;

6

Table
of Contents

·

we are exposed to the risk of increased
interest rates because a portion of our borrowings is at variable rates of
interest;

·

our flexibility in planning for, or reacting
to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate may be
limited, thereby placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our
competitors that have less indebtedness.

The transition services to be
provided by Rio Tinto for the Alcan Packaging Food Americas business may be
difficult for us to replace without operational problems and additional costs.

We have entered into a transition services agreement with Rio Tinto
pursuant to which Rio Tinto will provide us certain transition services for the
Alcan Packaging Food Americas business for certain periods of time following
the closing date of the Food Americas Acquisition. These services include,
among others, certain services relating to finance, administration, human
resources, payroll, and information technology. If, after the expiration of the
agreement, we are unable to perform these services for the Alcan Packaging Food
Americas business or replace them in a timely manner or on terms and conditions
as favorable as those we receive from Rio Tinto, we may experience operational
problems and an increase in costs. In addition, the costs for such services may
be higher than the allocated costs for such services when the Alcan Packaging
Food Americas business was operated as part of Rio Tinto.

We may not be able to generate
sufficient cash flows to meet our debt service obligations after the Food
Americas Acquisition.

We have incurred and will incur additional debt in connection with the
Food Americas Acquisition. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our
debt obligations and to fund planned capital expenditures depends on our
ability to generate cash from our future operations. This, to a certain extent,
is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative,
regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control.

If we cannot service our indebtedness, we may have to take actions such
as selling assets, seeking additional equity, or reducing or delaying capital
expenditures, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances, any of which
could impede the implementation of our business strategy for us or prevent us
from entering into transactions that would otherwise benefit our business.
Additionally, we may not be able to effect such actions, if necessary, on
commercially reasonable terms, or at all.

The market price of our common stock
may decline as a result of the Food Americas Acquisition.

The
market price of our common stock may decline as a result of the Food Americas
Acquisition if, among other things, we are unable to achieve the expected
growth in earnings, or if the operational cost savings estimates in connection
with the integration of the Alcan Packaging Food Americas business are not
realized, or if the transaction costs related to the Food Americas Acquisition
are greater than expected, or if the value of the cash savings attributable to
the amortization of tax deductible goodwill is less than anticipated. The
market price of our common stock also may decline if we do not achieve the
perceived benefits of the acquisition as rapidly or to the extent anticipated
by financial or industry analysts or if the effect of the acquisition on our
financial results is not consistent with the expectations of financial or
industry analysts.

Domestic and international economic conditions.

Disruption in the domestic and international equity
and financial markets has negatively impacted the United States’ economy as
well as international markets in which we conduct business.  We are not able to predict the future impact
of other market disruptions on our liquidity and consolidated statements of
financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

Funded status of pension plans

 —

Recognition of pension liabilities
may cause a significant reduction in stockholders’ equity.

Current
accounting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
require balance sheet recognition of the funded status of our defined benefit
pension and postretirement benefit plans. 
If the fair value of our pension plans’ assets at a future reporting
date decreases or if the discount rate used to calculate the projected benefit
obligation (PBO) as of that date decreases, we will be required to record the
incremental change in the excess of PBO over the fair value of the assets as a
reduction of stockholders’ equity.  The
resulting non-cash after-tax charge would not reduce reported earnings as this
amount would represent future expense. 
It would be recorded directly as a decrease in the Other Comprehensive
Income component of stockholders’ equity. 
While we cannot estimate the future funded status of our pension
liability with any certainty at this time, we believe that if the market value
of assets or the discount rate used to calculate our pension liability
materially decreases, the adjustment could significantly reduce our
stockholders’ equity.  A significant
reduction in stockholders’ equity may impact our compliance with debt covenants
or could cause a downgrade in our credit ratings that could also adversely
impact our future cost and speed of borrowing and have an adverse affect on our
financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.  We have identified pension assumptions as
critical accounting estimates.  See “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments — Pension costs” and “—Pension
assumptions sensitivity analysis” included in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Goodwill and other intangible assets

 —

A significant write down of goodwill
and/or other intangible assets would have a material adverse effect on our
reported results of operations and net worth.

In
accordance with current accounting standards, we no longer amortize goodwill,
but we review our goodwill balance for impairment at least once a year using
the business valuation methods required by current accounting standards.  These methods include the use of a
weighted-average cost of capital to calculate the present value of the expected
future cash flows of our reporting units. 
Future changes in the cost of capital, expected cash flows, or other
factors may cause our goodwill and/or other intangible assets to be impaired,
resulting in a non-cash charge against results of operations to write down
these assets for the amount of the impairment. 
If a significant write down is required, the charge would have a
material adverse effect on our reported results of operations and net
worth.  We have identified the valuation
of intangibles as a critical accounting estimate.  See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates and
Judgments—Intangible assets and goodwill” included in Item 7 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.

7

Table
of Contents

Foreign operations

 — 

Conditions
in foreign countries and changes in foreign currency exchange rates may reduce
our reported results of operations.

We
have operations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, South America, Europe,
and Asia.  In 2009, approximately 35
percent of our sales were generated by entities operating outside of the United
States.  Fluctuations in currencies can
cause transaction and translation losses. 
In addition, our revenues and net income may be adversely affected by
economic conditions, political situations, and changing laws and regulations in
foreign countries, as to which we have no control.

Interest rates

 —

An increase in interest rates could
reduce our reported results of operations.

At
December 31, 2009, our variable rate borrowings approximated $123.4
million.  Fluctuations in interest rates
can increase borrowing costs and have an adverse impact on results of
operations.  Accordingly, increases in
short-term interest rates will directly impact the amount of interest we
pay.  For each one percent increase in
variable interest rates, our annual interest expense would increase by $1.2
million on the $123.4 million of variable rate debt outstanding as of December 31,
2009.

Credit rating

 — 

A
downgrade in our credit rating could increase our borrowing costs and
negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.

In
addition to using cash provided by operations, we regularly issue commercial
paper to meet our short-term liquidity needs. 
Our credit ratings are important to our ability to issue commercial
paper at favorable rates of interest.  A
downgrade in our credit rating could increase the cost of borrowing by
increasing the interest rates that we pay for our commercial paper or the fees
associated with our bank credit facility. 
In addition, our bank credit facility has covenants that include limits
on the sale of businesses, minimum net worth calculations, and a maximum ratio
of debt to total capitalization.  If for
any reason our existing credit arrangements were no longer available to us we
would be required to seek alternative sources of financing.  We would expect to meet our financial
liquidity needs by accessing the bank market, which could further increase our
borrowing costs.

Raw materials

 — 

Raw
material cost increases or shortages could adversely affect our results of
operations.

As
a manufacturer, our sales and profitability are dependent upon the availability
and cost of raw materials, which are subject to price fluctuations.  Inflationary and other increases in the costs
of raw materials have occurred in the past and are expected to recur, and our
performance depends in part on our ability to reflect changes in costs in
selling prices for our products.  In the
past, we have been generally successful in managing increased raw material
costs and increasing selling prices when necessary.  Past performance may or may not be replicable
in the future.  Natural disasters such as
hurricanes, in addition to terrorist activity and government regulation of
environmental emissions, may negatively impact the production or delivery
capacity of our raw material suppliers in the chemical and paper
industries.  This could result in
increased raw material costs or supply shortages, which may have a negative
impact on our profitability if we are unable to pass along the increased costs
in our selling prices or, in the case of a shortage, secure raw materials from
alternative sources.

Patents and proprietary technology

 —

Our success is dependent on our
ability to develop and successfully introduce new products and to acquire and
retain intellectual property rights.

Our
ability to develop and successfully market new products and to develop,
acquire, and retain necessary intellectual property rights is essential to our
continued success, which ability cannot be assured.

Information technology

 —

A failure in our information
technology infrastructure or applications could negatively affect our business.

We
depend on information technology to record and process customers’ orders,
manufacture and ship products in a timely manner, and maintain the financial
accuracy of our business records.  We are
in the process of developing and implementing a global Enterprise Resource
Planning (ERP) system that will redesign and deploy new processes and a common
information system across our plants over a period of several years.  There can be no certainty that this system
will deliver the expected benefits.  The
failure to achieve our goals may impact our ability to (1) process
transactions accurately and efficiently and (2) remain in step with the
changing needs of the trade, which could result in the loss of customers.  In addition, the failure to either deliver
the application on time, or anticipate the necessary readiness and training
needs, could lead to business disruption and loss of customers and
revenue.  Finally, failure or abandonment
of the ERP system could result in a write-off of part or all of the costs that have
been capitalized on the project.

Our
information systems could also be penetrated by outside parties intent on
extracting information, corrupting information, or disrupting business
processes.  Such unauthorized access
could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of assets.

Numerous other factors over which we may have limited
or no control may affect our performance and profitability.

Other
factors that may influence our earnings, financial position, and liquidity
include:  legal and administrative cases
and proceedings (whether civil, such as environmental or product related, or
criminal), settlements, judgments, and investigations; developments or
assertions by or against us relating to intellectual property rights and
intellectual property licenses; adoption of new, or changes in, accounting
policies or practices and the application of such policies and practices;
changes in business mix; customer and supplier business reorganizations or
combinations; increase in cost of debt; ability to retain adequate levels of
insurance coverage at acceptable rates; fluctuations in pension and employee
benefit costs; loss of significant contract(s); risks and uncertainties
relating to investment in development activities and new facilities; timely
development and successful market acceptance of new products; pricing of
competitive products; disruptions in transportation networks; increased
participation in potentially less stable emerging markets; reliability of
utility services; impact of computer viruses; general or specific economic
conditions and the ability and willingness of purchasers to substitute other
products for the products that we manufacture; financial condition and
inventory strategies of customers and suppliers; credit risks; changes in
customer order patterns; employee work stoppages at plants; increased
competition; changes in government regulations and the impact of changes in the
world political environment, including the ability to estimate the impact of
foreign currency exchange rates on financial results; the impact of epidemiological
events on the economy and on our customers and suppliers; and acts of war,
terrorism, weather, and other natural disasters.

8

Table of Contents