and for use in VTE prevention in adult patients who have undergone elective hip or knee surgery. In December 2012, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved 
Eliquis to reduce the risk of stroke and systemic embolism in
patients with NVAF.

Apixaban was discovered
internally and is part of our alliance with Pfizer, Inc. (Pfizer). For more information about our alliance with Pfizer, see “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 3. Alliances and Collaborations.”

The composition of matter patent covering apixaban in
the U.S. expires in February 2023(excluding potential patent term extensions) and in the EU it expires in 2022. We have applied for supplementary protection certificates. Some of these supplementary protection certificates have been granted and
expire in 2026. Data exclusivity in the EU expires in 2021. The composition of matter patent expires in Canada in 2022.

Apixaban is manufactured by both the Company and a third-party. The product is then finished in our facilities.

 Abilify*

 Abilify* (aripiprazole) is an atypical antipsychotic agent for adult patients with schizophrenia, bipolar mania disorder and major depressive disorder.

Abilify* also has pediatric uses in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, among others.

4 

 We have a global commercialization agreement with Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Otsuka), except in Japan, China, Taiwan, North Korea, South Korea, the
Philippines, Thailand, Indonesia, Pakistan and Egypt. For more information about our arrangement with Otsuka, see “—Strategic Alliances and Collaborations” below and “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 3. Alliances and
Collaborations.”

 The basic U.S. composition of matter patent covering aripiprazole and the term of the current Abilify* agreement expire in April 2015 (including the
granted patent term extension and six month pediatric extension).

 A composition of matter patent is in force in Germany, the United Kingdom (UK), France, Italy, the Netherlands, Romania, Sweden, Switzerland, Spain and
Denmark. The original expiration date of 2009 has been extended to 2014 by grant of a supplementary protection certificate in all of the above countries except Romania and Denmark. Data exclusivity and the rights to commercialize in the EU expire in
2014. Data exclusivity in Canada expires in 2017.

 We obtain our bulk requirements for aripiprazole from Otsuka. Both the Company and Otsuka finish the product in our own respective
facilities.

 Reyataz

 Reyataz (atazanavir sulfate) is a protease inhibitor for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).

 We developed atazanavir under a worldwide license from Novartis Pharmaceutical Corporation (Novartis) for which a royalty is paid based on a percentage of net
sales. We are entitled to promote Reyataz for use in combination with 
Norvir* (ritonavir) under a non-exclusive license agreement with Abbott Laboratories, as amended, for which a royalty is paid based on a percentage of net sales. We
have a licensing agreement with Gilead Sciences, Inc. (Gilead) to develop and commercialize a fixed-dose combination containing 
Reyataz and one of Gilead’s compounds in development.

 Market exclusivity for Reyataz is expected to expire in 2017 in the U.S., Canada and China and 2019 in the
major EU member countries and Japan. Data exclusivity in the EU expires in 2014.

We manufacture our bulk requirements for atazanavir and finish the product in our facilities.

 Sustiva Franchise

 Sustiva (efavirenz) is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor for the treatment of HIV. The 
Sustiva Franchise includes 
Sustiva,
an antiretroviral drug used in the treatment of HIV, and as well as bulk efavirenz which is included in the combination therapy 
Atripla* (efavirenz 600 mg/ emtricitabine 200 mg/ tenofovir disoproxil fumarate 300 mg), a once-daily single
tablet three-drug regimen combining our 
Sustiva and Gilead’s 
Truvada* (emtricitabine and tenofovir disoproxil fumarate). 
Atripla* is the first complete Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy treatment product for HIV
available in the U.S. in a fixed-dose combination taken once daily. Fixed-dose combinations contain multiple medicines formulated together and help simplify HIV therapy for patients and providers. For more information about our arrangement with
Gilead, see “—Strategic Alliances and Collaborations” below and “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 3. Alliances and Collaborations.”

 Rights to market efavirenz in the U.S., Canada, the UK, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy and Spain are licensed from Merck & Co., Inc. for a royalty based
on a percentage of net sales.

 The composition of matter patent for efavirenz in the U.S. expires in 2013, but a method of use patent for the treatment of HIV infection expires in 2014,
with an additional six month period of pediatric exclusivity added to the term of these patents.

 Market exclusivity for Sustiva is expected to expire in 2013 in countries in the EU and Canada. Data exclusivity for 
Sustiva expired in the EU
in 2009. We do not, but another company does, market efavirenz in Japan. Certain 
Atripla* patents are the subject of patent litigation in the U.S. At this time, the U.S. patents covering efavirenz composition of matter and method of use have
not been challenged. The EU patent for efavirenz is the subject of litigation in the Netherlands, Germany and the UK. For more information about these litigation matters, see “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 21. Legal
Proceedings and Contingencies.”

 We obtain our bulk requirements for efavirenz from third parties and produce finished goods in our facilities. We supply our third parties’ bulk
efavirenz to Gilead, who is responsible for producing the finished Atripla* product.

 Baraclude

 Baraclude (entecavir) is a potent and selective inhibitor of hepatitis B virus that was approved by the FDA for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B
infection. 
Baraclude was discovered and developed internally. It has also been approved and is marketed in over 50 countries outside of the U.S., including China, Japan and the
EU.

5 

 In February 2013, the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware invalidated the composition of matter patent
covering Baraclude, which was scheduled to expire in 2015. We may face generic competition with this product beginning in 2013. For more information about this patent litigation matter, see “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 21.
Legal Proceedings and Contingencies.”

The composition of matter patent expires in the EU between 2011 and 2016 and in Japan in 2016. The composition of matter patent expired in
Canada in 2011. There is uncertainty about China’s exclusivity laws which has resulted in generic competition in the China market.

Entecavir is manufactured by both the company and a third-party. The product is then finished in our facilities.

 Erbitux
*

 Erbitux* (cetuximab) is an IgG1 monoclonal antibody designed to exclusively target and block the Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR), which is
expressed on the surface of certain cancer cells in multiple tumor types as well as some normal cells. 
Erbitux*, a biological product, is approved for the treatment in combination with irinotecan for the treatment of patients with
EGFR-expressing metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) who have failed an irinotecan-based regimen and as monotherapy for patients who are intolerant of irinotecan. The FDA also approved 
Erbitux* for use in the treatment of squamous cell
carcinoma of the head and neck. Specifically, 
Erbitux* was approved for use in combination with radiation therapy, for the treatment of locally or regionally advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck and, as a single agent, for
the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck for whom prior platinum-based therapy has failed. The FDA also approved 
Erbitux* for first-line recurrent locoregional or metastatic head and
neck cancer in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy with 5-Fluorouracil.

 Erbitux* is marketed in North America by us under an agreement with ImClone Systems Incorporated (ImClone), the predecessor company of ImClone LLC, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company (Lilly). We share copromotion rights to 
Erbitux* with Merck KGaA in Japan under a codevelopment and cocommercialization agreement signed in October 2007 with ImClone, Merck KGaA and Merck
Serono Japan. 
Erbitux* received marketing approval in Japan in July 2008 for use in treating patients with advanced or recurrent colorectal cancer. For a description of our alliance with ImClone, see “—Strategic Alliances and
Collaborations” below and “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 3. Alliances and Collaborations.”

 Data exclusivity in the U.S. expires in 2016. There is no patent that specifically claims the composition of matter
of cetuximab, the active molecule Erbitux*. 
Erbitux* has been approved by the FDA and other health authorities for monotherapy, for which there is no use patent. The use of 
Erbitux* in combination with an anti-neoplastic agent
is approved by the FDA. Such combination use is claimed in a granted U.S. patent that expires in 2018 (including the granted patent term extension). The inventorship of this use patent was challenged by three researchers from Yeda Research and
Development Company Ltd. (Yeda). Pursuant to a settlement agreement executed and announced in December 2007 by ImClone, Sanofi and Yeda to end worldwide litigation related to the use patent, Sanofi and Yeda granted ImClone a worldwide license under
the use patent. Data exclusivity in Japan and Canada expire in 2016.

Yeda has the right to license the use patent to others. Yeda’s license of the patent to third parties could result in product competition for Erbitux* that might not otherwise occur. We are
unable to assess whether and to what extent any such competitive impact will occur or to quantify any such impact. However, Yeda has granted Amgen Inc. (Amgen) a license under the use patent. Amgen received FDA approval to market an EGFR-product
that competes with 
Erbitux*.

 We obtain our finished goods requirements for cetuximab for use in North America from Lilly. Lilly manufactures bulk requirements for cetuximab in its own
facilities and filling and finishing is performed by a third-party for which BMS has oversight responsibility. For a description of our supply agreement with Lilly, see “—Manufacturing and Quality Assurance”
below.

 Sprycel

 Sprycel (dasatinib) is a multi-targeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor approved for treatment of adults with all phases of chronic myeloid leukemia with
resistance or intolerance to prior therapy, including 
Gleevec* (imatinib mesylate), and for the treatment of adults with Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy. In 2010,
the FDA approved 
Sprycel for the treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) in chronic phase.

6 

 Sprycel was internally discovered and is part of our strategic alliance with Otsuka. For more information
about our alliance with Otsuka, see “—Strategic Alliances and Collaborations” below and “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 3. Alliances and Collaborations.”

A patent term extension has been granted in the U.S.
extending the term on the basic composition of matter patent covering dasatinib until June 2020. Dasatinib is the subject of patent litigation in the U.S. For more information about this litigation matter, see “Item 8. Financial
Statements—Note 21. Legal Proceedings and Contingencies.” In the U.S., orphan drug exclusivity expires in 2013, which protects the product from generic applications for the currently approved orphan indications only.

In the majority of the EU countries, we have a
composition of matter patent covering dasatanib that expires in April 2020 (excluding potential term extensions). The composition of matter patent expires in 2021 in Japan and in 2020 in Canada and China.

We manufacture our bulk requirements for dasatinib and
finish the product in our facilities.

 Yervoy

 Yervoy (ipilimumab), a biological product, is a monoclonal antibody for the treatment of patients with
unresectable (inoperable) or metastatic melanoma. Ipilimumab was approved in the U.S. in March 2011 and in the EU in July 2011. It is currently also being studied for other indications including lung cancer as well as adjuvant melanoma and
hormone-refractory prostate cancer. For more information, about research and development of 
Yervoy, see “—Research and Development” below.

Yervoy was discovered by Medarex and codeveloped
by the Company and Medarex, which is now our subsidiary.

We own a patent covering ipilimumab as composition of matter that currently expires in 2022 in the U.S. and 2020 in the EU (excluding potential patent term extensions) and 2020 in Canada. Data exclusivity
expires in 2023 in the U.S. and 2021 in the EU.

We obtain bulk ipilimumab from a third-party manufacturer and finish the product at a third party facility.

 Orencia

 Orencia (abatacept), a biological product, is a fusion protein with novel immunosuppressive activity targeted initially at adult patients with moderate
to severe rheumatoid arthritis, who have had an inadequate response to certain currently available treatments. Abatacept is available in both an intravenous formulation and beginning in 2011, a subcutaneous formulation in the U.S. 
Orencia was
discovered and developed internally.

 We have a series of patents covering abatacept and its method of use. In the U.S., a patent term extension has been
granted for one of the composition of matter patents, extending the term of the U.S. patent to 2019. In the majority of the EU countries, we have a patent covering abatacept that expires in 2012. We have applied for supplementary protection
certificates and also pediatric extension of the supplementary protection certificates for protection until 2017. Some of these protection certificates have been granted.

Data exclusivity expires in 2014 in Canada, 2017 in the
U.S. and EU and 2018 in Japan.

We obtain bulk
abatacept from a third-party manufacturer and also manufacture bulk at own facility. We finish the product in our facilities for both formulations.

 Nulojix

 Nulojix (belatacept), a biological product, is a fusion protein with novel immunosuppressive activity for the
prevention of kidney transplant rejection. It was approved and launched in the U.S. in June 2011, and approved in the EU in June 2011 and launched in July 2011. Belatacept was internally discovered and developed.

We own a patent covering belatacept as composition of
matter that expires in April 2023 in the U.S. and May 2021 in the EU.

Data exclusivity expires in the U.S. in June 2023 and in the EU in June 2021.

We manufacture our bulk requirements for belatacept and finish the products in our facilities.

 Onglyza / Kombiglyze

 Onglyza (saxagliptin), a dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor, is an oral compound indicated for the treatment of
type 2 diabetes as an adjunct to diet and exercise.

Kombiglyze (saxagliptin and metformin hydrochloride extended-release) is approved in the U.S. as a combination product indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in
adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus when treatment with both saxagliptin and metformin is appropriate. 
Komboglyze (saxagliptin and metformin immediate-release) is approved in the EU as a combination product indicated as an adjunct to diet
and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus inadequately controlled on their maximally tolerated dose of metformin alone or those already being treated with the combination of saxagliptin and metformin as
separate tablets. In this document unless specifically noted, we refer to both 
Kombiglyze and 
Komboglyze as 
Kombiglyze.

7 

Onglyza was internally discovered by the
Company and 
Kombiglyze was codeveloped by the Company and AstraZeneca PLC (AstraZeneca). We have a worldwide (except Japan) codevelopment and cocommercialization agreement with AstraZeneca for saxagliptin. For more information about our
arrangement with AstraZeneca and with Otsuka for Japan, see “—Strategic Alliances and Collaborations” below and “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 3. Alliances and Collaborations.”

We own a patent covering saxagliptin as composition of
matter that expires in March 2021 in the U.S., the EU and Canada. Market exclusivity in China expires in 2016.

 We manufacture our bulk requirements for saxagliptin in our facilities. We obtain the bulk metformin for Kombiglyze from a third party. Both
the Company and AstraZeneca finish 
Onglyza in their own facilities. The Company finishes 
Kombiglyze in its own facility.

 Byetta*

 Byetta*(exenatide) is a twice daily glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. 
Byetta* was acquired
from our Amylin acquisition in August 2012. 
Byetta* was internally discovered by Amylin, now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. We have a worldwide development and commercialization agreement with AstraZeneca for 
Byetta*. We
also have an agreement with Lilly regarding the termination of their collaboration for the global development and commercialization of 
Byetta* and 
Bydureon*. The Company and Lilly are in the process of transferring the rights to the
Company and AstraZeneca. For more information about our arrangement with AstraZeneca, see “—Strategic Alliances and Collaborations” below and “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 3. Alliances and
Collaborations.”

 The composition of matter patent covering exenatide has expired. The method of use patent expires in 2016 in the U.S.
Data exclusivity expires in 2016 in Europe, 2018 in Japan and 2019 in Canada.

We obtain the bulk requirements for exenatide from third parties. Manufacturing and finishing also takes place in third party facilities.

 Bydureon*

 Bydureon* (exenatide extended-release for injectable suspension) is a once-weekly GLP-1 receptor agonist for the treatment of type 2 diabetes.

Bydureon* was acquired from our Amylin acquisition in August 2012. 
Bydureon* was internally discovered by Amylin, now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. We have a worldwide development and commercialization agreement with
AstraZeneca for 
Bydureon*. For more information about our arrangement with AstraZeneca, see “—Strategic Alliances and Collaborations” below and “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 3. Alliances and
Collaborations.”

 The formulation patents expire in 2025 in the U.S. Data exclusivity expires in 2021 in Europe and 2020 in
Japan.

The bulk requirements for exenatide
are obtained from third parties and the microspheres manufacturing process required for the extended release formulation is performed by the Company. We finish the product in our facilities.

 Forxiga

 Forxiga (dapagliflozin) is an oral sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) for the treatment of
diabetes.

It was approved in the EU in
November 2012 as an adjunct to diet and exercise in combination with other glucose-lowering medicinal products, including insulin, or as a monotherapy in metformin-intolerant patients and is currently in the registrational review process in the U.S.
For further discussion, See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Product and Pipeline Developments.” Forxiga was internally discovered and we have a worldwide
codevelopment and cocommercialization agreement with AstraZeneca for dapagliflozin.

 We own a patent covering dapagliflozin as composition of matter that expires in October 2020 in the U.S. and May 2023
in the EU.

We manufacture the bulk
requirements for dapagliflozin and finish the product in our own facilities.

8 

Research and Development 

We invest heavily in research and development (R&D) because we believe it is critical to our long-term competitiveness. We have major R&D facilities in Princeton, Hopewell and New Brunswick, New
Jersey, and Wallingford, Connecticut. Pharmaceutical research and development is also carried out at various other facilities throughout the world, including in Belgium, the UK, India and other sites in the U.S. We supplement our internal drug
discovery and development programs with alliances and collaborative agreements. These agreements bring new products into the pipeline and help us remain on the cutting edge of technology in the search for novel medicines. In drug development, we
engage the services of physicians, hospitals, medical schools and other research organizations worldwide to conduct clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of new products. Management continues to emphasize leadership, innovation,
productivity and quality as strategies for success in our research and development activities. 

We concentrate our
biopharmaceutical research and development efforts in the following disease areas with significant unmet medical need: affective (psychiatric) disorders, Alzheimer’s/dementia, cardiovascular, diabetes, hepatitis, HIV/Acquired Immunodeficiency
Syndrome (AIDS), oncology, immunologic disorders and fibrotic disease. We also continue to analyze and may selectively pursue promising leads in other areas. In addition to discovering and developing new molecular entities, we look for ways to
expand the value of existing products through new indications and formulations that can provide additional benefits to patients. 

In order for a new drug to reach the market, industry practice and government regulations in the U.S., the EU and most foreign countries provide for the determination of a drug’s effectiveness and
safety through preclinical tests and controlled clinical evaluation. The clinical development of a potential new drug includes Phase I, Phase II and Phase III clinical trials that have been designed specifically to support a new drug application for
a particular indication, assuming the trials are successful. 

Phase I clinical trials involve a small number of healthy
patients or patients suffering from the indicated disease to test for safety and proper dosing. Phase II clinical trials involve a larger patient population to investigate side effects, efficacy, and optimal dosage of the drug candidate. Phase III
clinical trials are conducted to confirm Phase II results in a significantly larger patient population over a longer term and to provide reliable and conclusive data regarding the safety and efficacy of a drug candidate. 

The R&D process typically takes thirteen years or longer, with nearly three years often spent in Phase III, or late-stage,
development. We consider our R&D programs in Phase III, or late-stage development, to be our significant R&D programs. These programs include both investigational compounds in Phase III development for initial indications and marketed
products that are in Phase III development for additional indications or formulations. 

Drug development is time consuming,
expensive and risky. On average, only about one in 10,000 chemical compounds discovered by pharmaceutical industry researchers proves to be both medically effective and safe enough to become an approved medicine. Drug candidates can fail at any
stage of the process, and even late-stage product candidates sometimes fail to receive regulatory approval. According to the KMR Group, based on industry success rates from 2007-2011, approximately 95% of the compounds that enter Phase I development
fail to achieve regulatory approval. The failure rate for compounds that enter Phase II development is approximately 88% and for compounds that enter Phase III development, it is approximately 46%. 

Total research and development expenses include the costs of discovery research, preclinical development, early- and late-clinical
development and drug formulation, as well as post-commercialization and medical support of marketed products, proportionate allocations of enterprise-wide costs, and other appropriate costs. Research and development spending was $3.9 billion in
2012, $3.8 billion in 2011 and $3.6 billion in 2010 and includes payments under third-party collaborations and contracts. At the end of 2012, we employed approximately 8,000 people in R&D activities, including a substantial number of physicians,
scientists holding graduate or postgraduate degrees and higher-skilled technical personnel. 

We manage our R&D programs on
a portfolio basis, investing resources in each stage of research and development from early discovery through late-stage development. We continually evaluate our portfolio of R&D assets to ensure that there is an appropriate balance of
early-stage and late-stage programs to support the future growth of the Company. Spending on our late-stage development programs represents approximately 30-40% of our annual R&D expenses. No individual investigational compound or marketed
product represented 10% or more of our R&D expenses in any of the last three years. 

9 

Listed below are several late-stage investigational compounds that we have in Phase III
clinical trials for at least one potential indication. Whether or not any of these or our other investigational compounds ultimately becomes one of our marketed products depends on the results of clinical studies, the competitive landscape of the
potential product’s market and the manufacturing processes necessary to produce the potential product on a commercial scale, among other factors. However, as noted above, there can be no assurance that we will seek regulatory approval of any of
these compounds or that, if such approval is sought, it will be obtained. There is also no assurance that a compound that is approved will be commercially successful. At this stage of development, we cannot determine all intellectual property issues
or all the patent protection that may, or may not, be available for these investigational compounds. The patent coverage highlighted below includes only patent term extensions that have been granted. 

 Asunaprevir

 Asunaprevir is an oral small molecule NS3 protease inhibitor in Phase III development (which commenced in 2012) for the treatment of hepatitis C virus infection.
We own a patent covering asunaprevir as a composition of matter that expires in 2027 in the U.S.

 Daclatasvir

 Daclatasvir is an oral small molecule NS5A replication complex inhibitor in Phase III development (which commenced in 2011) for the treatment of hepatitis C
virus infection. We own a patent covering daclatasvir as a composition of matter that expires in 2027 in the U.S.

 Peginterferon lambda

 Peginterferon lambda is a novel type 3 interferon in Phase III development (which commenced in 2012) for hepatitis C virus infection. We own a patent covering
peginterferon lambda as a composition of matter that expires in 2024 in the U.S.

 Elotuzumab

 Elotuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody being investigated as an anticancer treatment, which was discovered by PDL BioPharma and became part of the Facet
Biotech Corporation (Facet) spin-off. Facet was subsequently acquired by Abbott Laboratories (Abbott) and became part of AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie) following a spin-off from Abbott. Elotuzumab is part of our alliance with AbbVie. It is in Phase III trials
(which commenced in 2011) in multiple myeloma. AbbVie owns a patent covering elotuzumab as a composition of matter that expires in 2026 in the U.S.

 Nivolumab

 Nivolumab is a fully human monoclonal antibody that binds to the programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1) on T and NKT cells. It is being investigated as an anticancer
treatment. It is in Phase III trials (which commenced in 2012) in non small cell lung cancer, renal cell cancer and melanoma. We own a patent covering nivolumab as a composition of matter that expires in 2027 in the U.S.

 Metreleptin

 Metreleptin was acquired as part of the Amylin acquisition and is being co-developed with AstraZeneca. Metreleptin is a protein in development for the treatment
of lipodystrophy and is currently in the registrational process. We own a patent covering metreleptin as a composition of matter that expires in 2016 in the U.S. Data exclusivity in the U.S. will expire 12 years after regulatory
approval.

During 2012, we provided notice of the termination of our global codevelopment and cocommercialization
arrangement for necitumumab (IMC-11F8), a fully human monoclonal antibody being investigated as an anticancer treatment, which was discovered by ImClone and is part of the alliance between the Company and Lilly, with all rights returning to Lilly.
The termination is effective May 2014, though we and Lilly may terminate earlier. 

During 2012, we terminated our development
program for brivanib, which was in Phase III trials as an anti-cancer treatment with potential use in hepatocellular carcinoma and colorectal cancer. 

10 

The following table lists potential additional indications and/or formulations of key
marketed products that are in Phase III development or currently under regulatory review: 

 Key marketed product

 Potential indication and/or formulation

 Eliquis

Additional indication for VTE treatment

 Reyataz

Pediatric extension

 Baraclude

Pediatric extension

 Erbitux*

Additional indication in esophageal cancer

 Yervoy

 Additional indications in adjuvant melanoma, prostate cancer, non-small cell lung cancer and small cell lung cancer

Additional indication in first-line metastatic melanoma in the
EU

 Orencia

 Additional indication in lupus nephritis

Additional formulation (subcutaneous) in Japan

 Onglyza

Additional use in cardiovascular risk reduction and pediatric extension

 Bydureon*

Dual chamber pen and weekly suspension

 Forxiga

Fixed dose combination with metformin

The following key developments are currently expected to occur during 2013 with respect to our
significant pipeline programs. The outcome and timing of these expected developments are dependent upon a number of factors including, among other things, the availability of data, the outcome of certain clinical trials, acceptance of presentations
at certain medical meetings and/or actions by health authorities. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update this information, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

 Eliquis

 Data available from Phase III study in VTE treatment

 Daclatasvir

Data available from Phase III hepatitis C virus infection combination studies

 Asunaprevir

Data available from Phase III hepatitis C virus infection combination studies

 Sprycel

 Data available from Phase III study in prostate cancer

Four year data available in first line CML

 Yervoy

Data available from Phase III study in prostate cancer

 Orencia

Phase III start in psoriatic arthritis

 Nulojix

Five year data available from Phase III studies in the prevention of kidney transplant rejection

 Onglyza

Data available from cardiovascular risk reduction study

 Bydureon*

Planned submission of dual chamber pen in the U.S. and Europe

 Forxiga

 Planned resubmission in the U.S. for the treatment of type 2 diabetes

Data available from Phase III blood pressure studies

Two year data available from Phase III studies in diabetic patients with history of
cardiovascular disease

 Metreleptin

Planned U.S. submission for the treatment of lipodystrophy

11 

Strategic Alliances and Collaborations 

We enter into strategic alliances and collaborations with third parties that transfer rights to develop, manufacture, market and/or sell
pharmaceutical products that are owned by other parties. These alliances and collaborations include licensing arrangements, codevelopment and comarketing agreements, copromotion arrangements and joint ventures. Such alliances and arrangements reduce
the risk of incurring all research and development expenses for compounds that do not lead to revenue-generating products. However, profitability on alliance products are generally lower because profits from alliance products are shared with our
alliance partners. We actively pursue such arrangements and view alliances as an important complement to our own discovery and development activities. 

Each of our strategic alliances and arrangements with third parties who own the rights to manufacture, market and/or sell pharmaceutical products contain customary early termination provisions typically
found in agreements of this kind and are generally based on the other party’s material breach or bankruptcy (voluntary or involuntary) and product safety concerns. The amount of notice required for early termination generally ranges from
immediately upon notice to 180 days after receipt of notice. Termination immediately upon notice is generally available where the other party files a voluntary bankruptcy petition or if a material safety issue arises with a product such that the
medical risk/benefit is incompatible with the welfare of patients to continue to develop or commercialize this product. Termination upon 30 to 90 days notice is generally available where an involuntary bankruptcy petition has been filed (and has not
been dismissed) or a material breach by the other party has occurred (and not been cured). A number of alliance agreements also permit the collaborator or us to terminate without cause, typically exercisable with substantial advance written notice
and often exercisable only after a specified period of time has elapsed after the collaboration agreement is signed. Our strategic alliances and arrangements typically do not otherwise contain provisions that provide the other party the right to
terminate the alliance on short notice. 

In general, we do not retain any rights to a product brought to an alliance by
another party or to the other party’s intellectual property after an alliance terminates. The loss of rights to one or more products that are marketed and sold by us pursuant to a strategic alliance arrangement could be material to our results
of operations and cash flows, and, in the case of Plavix* or 
Abilify*, could be material to our financial condition and liquidity. As is customary in the pharmaceutical industry, the terms of our strategic alliances and arrangements
generally are co-extensive with the exclusivity period and may vary on a country-by-country basis. 

Our most significant
current alliances and arrangements for both currently marketed products and investigational compounds are described below. 

Current
Marketed Products—In-Licensed 

Sanofi In September 2012, BMS and Sanofi restructured the terms of the
codevelopment and cocommercialization agreements discussed below. Effective as of January 1, 2013, subject in certain countries to the receipt of regulatory approvals, Sanofi will assume the worldwide operations of the alliance with the
exception of 
Plavix* for the U.S. and Puerto Rico. The alliance for 
Plavix* in these two markets will continue unchanged through December 2019 under the same terms as in the original alliance arrangements. BMS will return to Sanofi its
rights and receive quarterly royalties from January 1, 2013 until December 31, 2018 and a terminal payment from Sanofi of $200 million at the end of 2018. All ongoing disputes between the companies have been resolved, including a one-time
payment of $80 million by BMS to Sanofi related to the 
Avalide* supply disruption in the U.S. in 2011 (accrued for in 2011). 

Pursuant to the Master Restructuring Agreement, the Company will, through various mechanisms depending on the territory, return to Sanofi its rights for clopidogrel and irbesartan in all markets with the
exception of clopidogrel in the U.S. and Puerto Rico, where the Company will continue to act as the operating partner and own a 50.1% majority controlling interest. All currently existing local arrangements in Territory A and Territory B (with the
exception of clopidogrel in the U.S. and Puerto Rico), will be terminated by mutual agreement. No products will continue to be sold through such local country entities in these territories. In addition, Sanofi will assume all marketing
authorizations for the products, to the extent currently held by the Company or any of its affiliates. As a result, Sanofi will assume control of all activities relating to the distribution, commercialization and medical affairs of clopidogrel and
irbesartan in these regions. 

Pursuant to the Master Restructuring Agreement and related alliance agreements, Sanofi will
assume the Company’s manufacturing and supply obligations of irbesartan products at the end of 2015. The Company does not manufacture bulk clopidogrel and will no longer finish clopidogrel products in its facilities. The Company will retain
rights to the intellectual property developed by the alliance necessary to fulfill its continuing obligations under the alliance arrangements. 

Under the Master Restructuring Agreement and related alliance agreements, the alliance will remain in effect through December 2018 until Sanofi’s payment of the terminal fee, with the exception of
the U.S. and Puerto Rico, where the alliance will remain in effect through December 2019. 

We had agreements with Sanofi for
the codevelopment and cocommercialization of Avapro*/
Avalide* and 
Plavix*. 
Avapro*/
Avalide* is copromoted in certain countries outside the U.S. under the tradename 
Aprovel*/
Coaprovel* and comarketed
in certain countries outside the U.S. by us under the tradename 
Karvea*/
Karvezide*. 
Plavix* was copromoted in certain countries outside the U.S. under the tradename 
Plavix* and comarketed in certain countries outside the
U.S. by us under the tradename 
Iscover*. 

12 

Prior to 2013, the worldwide alliance operated under the framework of two geographic
territories, one covering certain European and Asian countries, referred to as Territory A, and one covering the U.S., Puerto Rico, Canada, Australia and certain Latin American countries, referred to as Territory B. Territory B was managed by two
separate sets of agreements: one for Plavix* in the U.S. and Puerto Rico and both products in Australia, Mexico, Brazil, Colombia and Argentina and a separate set of agreements for 
Avapro*/
Avalide* in the U.S. and Puerto Rico
only. Within each territory, a territory partnership existed to supply finished product to each country within the territory and to manage or contract for certain central expenses such as marketing, research and development and royalties. Countries
within Territories A and B were structured so that our local affiliate and Sanofi’s local affiliate either comarket separate brands (i.e., each affiliate operated independently and competed with the other by selling the same product under
different trademarks), or copromoted a single brand (i.e., the same product under the same trademark). 

Within Territory A,
the comarketing countries include Germany, Spain, Italy (irbesartan only), Greece and China (clopidogrel bisulfate only). We sold Iscover* and 
Karvea*/
Karvezide* and Sanofi sold 
Plavix* and

Aprovel*/
Coaprovel* in these countries, except China, where we retained the right to, but did not currently comarket 
Iscover*. The Company and Sanofi copromoted 
Plavix* and 
Aprovel*/
Coaprovel* in France, the
UK, Belgium, Netherlands, Switzerland and Portugal. In addition, the Company and Sanofi copromoted 
Plavix* in Austria, Italy, Ireland, Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden, Taiwan, South Korea and Hong Kong, and 
Aprovel*/
Coaprovel*
in certain French export countries. In 2010 and prior, the Company and Sanofi also copromoted 
Plavix* in Singapore. Sanofi acted as the operating partner for Territory A and owned a 50.1% financial controlling interest in this territory. Our
ownership interest in this territory was 49.9%. We accounted for the investment in partnership entities in Territory A under the equity method and recognized our share of the results in equity in net income of affiliates. Our share of net income
from these partnership entities before taxes was $201 million in 2012, $298 million in 2011 and $325 million in 2010. 

Within
Territory B, the Company and Sanofi copromoted Plavix* and 
Avapro*/
Avalide* in the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico. The other Territory B countries, Australia, Mexico, Brazil, Colombia (clopidogrel bisulfate only) and Argentina
were comarketing countries. We act as the operating partner for Territory B and owned a 50.1% majority controlling interest in this territory. As such, we consolidated all partnership results in Territory B and recognized Sanofi’s share of the
results as net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest, net of taxes, which was $531 million in 2012, $1,536 million in 2011 and $1,394 million in 2010. 

We recognized net sales in Territory B and Territory A comarketing countries of $3.1 billion in 2012, $8.0 billion in 2011 and $7.8 billion in 2010. 

The territory partnerships were governed by a series of committees with enumerated functions, powers and responsibilities. Each territory
had two senior committees which have final decision-making authority with respect to that territory as to the enumerated functions, powers and responsibilities within their jurisdictions. 

The alliance arrangements may be terminated by Sanofi or us, either in whole or in any affected country or Territory, depending on the
circumstances, in the event of (i) voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency, which in the case of involuntary bankruptcy continues for 60 days or an order or decree approving same continues unstayed and in effect for 30 days;
(ii) a material breach of an obligation under a major alliance agreement that remains uncured for 30 days following notice of the breach except where commencement and diligent prosecution of cure has occurred within 30 days after notice;
(iii) deadlocks of one of the senior committees which render the continued commercialization of the product impossible in a given country or Territory; (iv) an increase in the combined cost of goods and royalty which exceeds a specified
percentage of the net selling price of the product; or (v) a good faith determination by the terminating party that commercialization of a product should be terminated for reasons of patient safety. 

In the case of each of these termination rights, the agreements included provisions for the termination of the relevant alliance with
respect to the applicable product in the applicable country or territory or, in the case of a termination due to bankruptcy or insolvency or material breach, both products in the applicable territory. Each of these termination procedures was
slightly different; however, in all events, we could lose all rights to either or both products, as applicable, in the relevant country or territory even in the case of a bankruptcy or insolvency or material breach where we are not the defaulting
party. 

For further discussion of our strategic alliance with Sanofi, see “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 3.
Alliances and Collaborations.” 

Otsuka We maintain a worldwide commercialization agreement with Otsuka to
codevelop and copromote 
Abilify* (the 
Abilify* Agreement), excluding certain Asia Pacific countries. In April 2009, the Company and Otsuka agreed to extend the U.S. portion of the commercialization and manufacturing agreement until the
expected loss of product exclusivity in April 2015. The contractual share of 
Abilify* net sales recognized by the Company pursuant to the extension was 58% in 2010, 53.5% in 2011 and 51.5% in 2012. 

In the UK, Germany, France and Spain, the Company receives 65% of third-party net sales. In these countries and the U.S., third-party
customers are invoiced by the Company on behalf of Otsuka and alliance revenue is recognized when Abilify* is shipped and all risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to third party customers. We also have an exclusive right to sell

Abilify* in other countries in Europe, the Americas and a number of countries in Asia. In these countries we recognize 100% of the net sales. 

13 

Under the terms of the Abilify* Agreement, as amended, we purchase the product from
Otsuka and perform finish manufacturing for sale by us or Otsuka to third-party customers. Under the terms of the extension agreement, we paid Otsuka $400 million, which is amortized as a reduction of net sales through the extension period. The
unamortized balance is included in other assets. Otsuka receives a royalty based on 1.5% of total U.S. net sales, which is included in cost of products sold. Otsuka is responsible for 30% of the U.S. expenses related to the commercialization of

Abilify* from 2010 through 2012. BMS also receives additional reimbursement from Otsuka for sales force costs incurred by BMS in excess of requirements specified in the agreement. Reimbursements are netted principally in marketing, selling
and administrative and advertising and product promotion expenses. 

The Abilify* Agreement expires in April 2015 in the
U.S. and in June 2014 in all EU countries. In each other country where we have the exclusive right to sell 
Abilify*, the agreement expires on the later of April 20, 2015 or loss of exclusivity in any such country. 

Beginning January 1, 2013, BMS will receive the following percentages of U.S. annual net sales. Net sales will be initially
recognized at 35% and adjusted to reflect the actual level of net sales in 2013: 

Share as a % of U.S. Net Sales

 $0 to $2.7 billion

50%

 $2.7 billion to $3.2 billion

20%

 $3.2 billion to $3.7 billion

  7%

 $3.7 billion to $4.0 billion

  2%

 $4.0 billion to $4.2 billion

  1%

 In excess of $4.2 billion

20%

The U.S. commercialization agreement was amended in October 2012, requiring Otsuka to assume full
responsibility for providing and funding all sales force efforts effective January 2013. In consideration BMS paid Otsuka $27 million in January 2013, and will be responsible for funding certain operating expenses up to $82 million in 2013, $56
million in 2014 and $8 million in 2015. In the EU, Otsuka will reimburse BMS for its sales force effort provided through March 31, 2013. Beginning April 1, 2013 Otsuka will assume responsibility for providing and funding sales force
effort. 

The U.S. portion of the Abilify* Agreement and the Oncology Agreement described below include a
change-of-control provision if we are acquired. If the acquiring company does not have a competing product to 
Abilify*, then the new company will assume the
 Abilify* Agreement (as amended) and the Oncology Agreement as it currently
exists. If the acquiring company has a product that competes with 
Abilify*, Otsuka can elect to request the acquiring company to choose whether to divest 
Abilify* or the competing product. In the scenario where 
Abilify* is
divested, Otsuka would be obligated to acquire our rights under the 
Abilify* Agreement (as amended) at a price according to a predetermined schedule. The agreements also provide that in the event of a generic competitor to 
Abilify*, we
have the option of terminating the 
Abilify* April 2009 amendment (with the agreement as previously amended remaining in force). If we were to exercise such option then either (i) we would receive a payment from Otsuka according to a
pre-determined schedule and the Oncology Agreement would terminate at the same time or (ii) the Oncology Agreement would continue for a truncated period according to a pre-determined schedule. 

Early termination of the Abilify* Agreement is immediate upon notice in the case of (i) voluntary bankruptcy, (ii) where
minimum payments are not made to Otsuka, or (iii) first commercial sale has not occurred within three months after receipt of all necessary approvals, 30 days where a material breach has occurred (and not been cured or commencement of cure has
not occurred within 90 days after notice of such material breach) and 90 days in the case where an involuntary bankruptcy petition has been filed (and has not been dismissed). In addition, termination is available to Otsuka upon 30 days notice in
the event that we were to challenge Otsuka’s patent rights or, on a market-by-market basis, in the event that we were to market a product in direct competition with 
Abilify*. Upon termination or expiration of the 
Abilify*
Agreement, we do not retain any rights to 
Abilify*. 

We recognized net sales for Abilify* of $2.8 billion in
2012 and $2.8 billion in 2011 and $2.6 billion in 2010. In addition to the $400 million extension payment in 2009, total upfront, milestone and other licensing payments made to Otsuka under the 
Abilify* Agreement through 2012 were $217
million. 

For a discussion of our Oncology Agreement with Otsuka, see “—Current Marketed Products—Internally
Discovered” below. For further discussion of our strategic alliance with Otsuka, see “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 3. Alliances and Collaborations.” 

Lilly We have an EGFR commercialization agreement with Lilly through Lilly’s subsidiary ImClone for the codevelopment and
copromotion of 
Erbitux* and necitumumab (IMC-11F8) in the U.S., Canada and Japan. For more information on the agreement with respect to necitumumab, see “
—Investigational Compounds Under Development—In-Licensed”
below. Under the EGFR agreement, with respect to 
Erbitux* sales in North America, Lilly receives a distribution fee based on a flat rate of 39% of net sales in North America, plus reimbursement of certain royalties paid by Lilly, and the
Company and Lilly share one half of the profits and losses evenly in Japan with Merck KgaA receiving the other half of the profits and losses in Japan. The parties share royalties payable to third parties pursuant to a formula set forth in the
commercialization agreement. We purchase all of our North American commercial requirements for bulk 
Erbitux* from Lilly. The agreement expires as to 
Erbitux* in North America in September 2018. 

14 

Early termination is available based on material breach and is effective 60 days after
notice of the material breach (and such material breach has not been cured or commencement of cure has not occurred), or upon six months notice from us if there exists a significant concern regarding a regulatory or patient safety issue that would
seriously impact the long-term viability of the product. Upon termination or expiration of the alliance, we do not retain any rights to Erbitux*. 

We share codevelopment and copromotion rights to Erbitux* with Merck KGaA in Japan under an agreement signed in October 2007, and expiring in 2032, with Lilly, Merck KGaA and Merck Japan. Lilly has
the ability to terminate the agreement after 2018 if it determines that it is commercially unreasonable for it to continue. 
Erbitux* received marketing approval in Japan in July 2008 for the use of 
Erbitux* in treating patients with
advanced or recurrent colorectal cancer. 

We recognized net sales for Erbitux* of $702 million in 2012, $691 million in 2011 and $662
million in 2010. 

For further discussion of our strategic alliance with Lilly, see “Item 8. Financial
Statements—Note 3. Alliances and Collaborations.” 

Gilead We have a joint venture with Gilead to develop and
commercialize 
Atripla* in the U.S., Canada and Europe. The Company and Gilead share responsibility for commercializing 
Atripla* in the U.S., Canada, throughout the EU and certain other European countries, and both provide funding and
field-based sales representatives in support of promotional efforts for 
Atripla*. Gilead recognizes 100% of 
Atripla* revenues in the U.S., Canada and most countries in Europe. Our revenue for the efavirenz component is determined by
applying a percentage to 
Atripla* revenue to approximate revenue for the 
Sustiva brand. We recognized efavirenz revenues of $1.3 billion in 2012, $1.2 billion in 2011 and $1.1 billion in 2010 related to 
Atripla* net sales.

The joint venture between the Company and Gilead will continue until terminated by mutual agreement of the parties or
otherwise as described below. In the event of a material breach by one party, the non-breaching party may terminate the joint venture only if both parties agree that it is both desirable and practicable to withdraw the combination product from the
markets where it is commercialized. At such time as one or more generic versions of a party’s component product(s) appear on the market in the U.S., the other party will have the right to terminate the joint venture and thereby acquire all of
the rights to the combination product, both in the U.S. and Canada; however, for three years the terminated party will continue to receive a percentage of the net sales based on the contribution of bulk component(s) to Atripla*, and otherwise
retains all rights to its own product(s). 

In 2011, we entered into a licensing agreement with Gilead to develop and
commercialize a fixed-dose combination containing Reyataz and Gilead’s cobicistat, a pharmacoenhancing or “boosting” agent currently in Phase III clinical trials that increases blood levels of certain HIV medicines to
potentially allow for one pill once daily dosing. Cobicstat is currently in the registrational process with the FDA. 

For
further discussion of our strategic alliance with Gilead, see “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 3. Alliances and Collaborations.” 

Current Marketed Products—Internally Discovered 

AstraZeneca In January 2007, we entered into a worldwide (except for Japan) codevelopment and cocommercialization agreement with
AstraZeneca for 
Onglyza (the Saxagliptin Agreement) and dapagliflozin (the SGLT2 Agreement). 
Kombiglyze was codeveloped with AstraZeneca under the Saxagliptin Agreement. The exclusive rights to develop and sell 
Onglyza in Japan
were licensed to Otsuka in December 2006 and in June 2012 were assigned by Otsuka to Kyowa Hakko Kirin (KHK), which is described below under “—
Investigational Compounds Under Development—Internally Discovered.” 

We manufacture Onglyza and 
Kombiglyze and, with certain limited exceptions, recognize net sales in most key markets. We
received $300 million in upfront, milestone and other licensing payments from AstraZeneca for meeting certain development and regulatory milestones on 
Onglyza and 
Kombiglyze, and could receive up to an additional $300 million if all
sales-based milestones are met. The majority of costs under the initial development plans were paid by AstraZeneca and additional development costs are generally shared equally. We expense 
Onglyza and 
Kombiglyze development costs, net
of AstraZeneca’s share, in research and development. The two companies jointly develop the clinical and marketing strategy and share commercialization expenses and profits and losses equally on a global basis, excluding Japan. 

Under the SGLT2 Agreement, we have received $250 million of upfront, milestone and other licensing payments from AstraZeneca, including
$80 million received in January 2013, and could receive up to $150 million more if all development and regulatory milestones for dapagliflozin are met and up to an additional $390 million if all sales-based milestones for dapagliflozin are met. The
majority of costs under the initial plans through 2009 were paid by AstraZeneca and any additional development costs will generally be shared equally except for Japan, where AstraZeneca bears substantially all of the development costs prior to
approval of the first indication. We expense dapagliflozin development costs, net of our alliance partner’s share, in research and development. Under the SGLT2 Agreement, like with the Saxagliptin Agreement, the two companies will jointly
develop the clinical and marketing strategy and share commercialization expenses and profits and losses for dapagliflozin equally on a global basis, and we will manufacture dapagliflozin and, with certain limited exceptions, recognize net sales in
most key markets. With respect to Japan, AstraZeneca has operational and cost responsibility for all development and regulatory activities on behalf of the collaboration, related to certain trials. All other development costs are shared by the two
companies. The two companies will jointly market the product in Japan, sharing all commercialization expenses and activities and splitting profits and losses equally like in the rest of the world. We will also manufacture dapagliflozin and recognize
net sales in Japan, like in the rest of the world. Dapagliflozin is currently being studied in Phase II clinical trials in Japan. 

15 

In August 2012, BMS and AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals LP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
AstraZeneca, entered into a collaboration regarding the worldwide development and commercialization of Amylin’s portfolio of products, including Bydureon*, 
Byetta*, 
Symlin*. The arrangement is based on the framework of the
existing diabetes alliance agreements for 
Onglyza and 
Forxiga discussed above, including the equal sharing of profits and losses arising from the collaboration. AstraZeneca has indicated its intent to establish equal governance rights
over certain key strategic and financial decisions regarding the collaboration pending required anti-trust approvals in certain international markets. 

BMS received preliminary proceeds of $3.6 billion from AstraZeneca as consideration for entering into the collaboration during 2012, which was accounted for as deferred income and is amortized as a
reduction to cost of products sold on a pro-rata basis over the estimated useful lives of the related long-lived assets assigned in the purchase price allocation (primarily intangible assets with a weighted-average estimated useful life of 12 years
and property, plant and equipment with a weighted-average estimated useful life of 15 years). The net proceeds that BMS will receive from AstraZeneca as consideration for entering into the collaboration are subject to certain other adjustments
including the right to receive an additional $135 million when AstraZeneca exercises its option for equal governance rights. 

BMS and AstraZeneca agreed to share in certain tax attributes related to the Amylin collaboration. The preliminary proceeds of $3.6
billion that BMS received from AstraZeneca included $207 million related to sharing of certain tax attributes. 

For further
discussion of our strategic alliance with AstraZeneca, see “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 3. Alliances and Collaborations” and “Investigational Compounds Under Development – Internally Discovered.” 

Otsuka Simultaneously with the extension of the 
Abilify* Agreement, in April 2009, the Company and Otsuka entered into an
Oncology Agreement for 
Sprycel and 
Ixempra (ixabepilone), which includes the U.S., Japan and the EU markets (the Oncology Territory). Beginning in 2010 through 2020, the collaboration fees that we will pay to Otsuka annually are the
following percentages of the aggregate net sales of 
Sprycel and 
Ixempra in the Oncology Territory: 

% of Net Sales

2010 - 2012

2013 - 2020

 $0 to $400 million

30%

65%

 $400 million to $600 million

  5%

12%

 $600 million to $800 million

  3%

  3%

 $800 million to $1.0 billion

  2%

  2%

 In excess of $1.0 billion

  1%

  1%

During these periods, Otsuka will contribute (i) 20% of the first $175 million of certain commercial
operational expenses relating to the oncology products in the Oncology Territory, and (ii) 1% of such commercial operational expenses relating to the products in the Oncology Territory in excess of $175 million. Beginning in 2011, Otsuka
copromotes Sprycel in the U.S. and Japan and has exercised the right to copromote in the top five EU markets beginning in January 2012. 

The Oncology Agreement expires with respect to Sprycel and 
Ixempra in 2020 and includes the same change-of-control provision if we were acquired as the 
Abilify* Agreement described
above. 

For a discussion of our Abilify* Agreement with Otsuka, see “—
Current Marketed
Products—In-Licensed” above. For further discussion of our strategic alliance with Otsuka, see “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 3. Alliances and Collaborations.” 

Pfizer The Company and Pfizer are parties to a worldwide codevelopment and cocommercialization agreement for 
Eliquis, an
anticoagulant discovered by us for the prevention and treatment of atrial fibrillation and venous thromboembolic (VTE) disorders. Pfizer funds 60% of all development costs since January 2007 and we fund 40%. We have received $654 million in upfront,
milestone and other licensing payments from Pfizer to date, including $95 million received in February 2013 and could receive up to an additional $230 million from Pfizer if all development and regulatory milestones are met. The companies jointly
develop the clinical and marketing strategy of 
Eliquis, and share commercialization expenses and profits and losses equally on a global basis. 

For further discussion of our strategic alliance with Pfizer, see “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 3. Alliances and Collaborations.” 

16 

Investigational Compounds Under Development—In-Licensed

Lilly In January 2010, the Company and Lilly restructured the EGFR commercialization agreement to provide for the codevelopment and
cocommercialization of necitumumab (IMC-11F8), a fully human antibody currently in Phase III development for non-small cell lung cancer. In November 2012, BMS provided notice of termination of the collaboration agreement with Lilly for necitumumab.
The termination is effective May 2014, though we and Lilly may terminate earlier. 

AbbVie In August 2008, we were
granted exclusive rights from Facet Biotech Corporation (now AbbVie) for the codevelopment and cocommercialization of elotuzumab, a humanized monoclonal antibody being investigated as treatment for multiple myeloma. Under the terms of the agreement,
we fund 80% of the development costs for elotuzumab. Upon commercialization, Abbott will share 30% of all profits and losses in the U.S., and will be paid tiered royalties outside of the U.S. We will be solely responsible for commercialization
of elotuzumab. In addition, Abbott may receive milestone payments from us based on certain regulatory events and sales thresholds, if achieved. 

Investigational Compounds Under Development—Internally Discovered 

Otsuka In January 2007, we granted Otsuka exclusive rights in Japan to develop and commercialize 
Onglyza. Under that agreement, we are entitled to receive milestone payments based on certain
regulatory events, as well as sales-based payments following regulatory approval of 
Onglyza in Japan, and we retained rights to copromote 
Onglyza with Otsuka in Japan. Otsuka is responsible for all development costs in Japan. In June
2012, Otsuka assigned all rights to 
Onglyza, with the exception of specific transition services, to KHK. As part of its consent to this assignment, BMS waives its rights to co-promote 
Onglyza in Japan. BMS will supply finished
saxagliptin to KHK. 

AstraZeneca As part of the collaboration with AstraZeneca, BMS and AstraZeneca are codeveloping
metreleptin for the treatment of lipodystrophy, which is currently in the registrational process in Japan. Metreleptin was acquired by BMS as part of the Amylin acquisition. Please see the AstraZeneca description under “
Current Marketed
Products – Internally Discovered“and “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 3. Alliances and Collaborations” for more information regarding the collaboration. 

Other Collaborations 

In February 2013, BMS and Reckitt Benckiser
Group plc (RBL) agreed to enter into a license and three year collaboration regarding several over-the-counter-products sold primarily in Mexico and Brazil. The transaction is expected to close during the first or second quarter of 2013,
subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. In connection with the collaboration, RBL will be responsible for all sales, distribution, marketing and certain regulatory matters and BMS will be responsible for the exclusive
supply of the products. Upon expiration of the collaboration, RBL will have the right to purchase the remaining assets of the business held by BMS at a price determined based on a multiple of sales (plus the cost of any remaining inventory held
by BMS at that time). RBL would then assume all responsibility for the products, though RBL may extend the term of the supply agreement with BMS under certain circumstances. If the option is not exercised, all assets previously transferred to RBL
during the collaboration period revert back to BMS. BMS is expected to receive proceeds of $482 million at the start of the collaboration period which will be allocated to the license and other rights transferred to RBL and the written option.

In February 2013, BMS and The Medicines Company entered into a global license and two year collaboration for
Recothrom, a recombinant thrombin for use as a topical hemostat to control non-arterial bleeding during surgical procedures (previously acquired by BMS in connection with its acquisition of ZymoGenetics in 2010). The Medicines Company is
responsible for all sales, distribution, marketing and regulatory matters relating to 
Recothrom, and BMS is responsible for the exclusive supply of the product. BMS received an upfront payment of $115 million. The collaboration expires
February 2015 at which time The Medicines Company has the right to purchase the remaining assets of the business held by BMS at a price determined based on a multiple of sales (plus the carrying cost of the inventory). If the option is not
exercised, all assets previously transferred to The Medicines Company, during the collaboration period revert back to BMS. 

In
addition to the strategic alliances described above, we have other in-licensing and out-licensing arrangements. With respect to in-licenses, we have agreements with Novartis for Reyataz among others. Based on our current expectations with
respect to the expiration of market exclusivity in our significant markets, the licensing arrangements with Novartis for 
Reyataz are expected to expire in 2017 in the U.S. and the EU and 2019 in Japan. For further discussion of market
exclusivity protection, including a chart showing net sales of key products together with the year in which basic exclusivity loss occurred or is expected to occur in the U.S., the EU, Japan and Canada, see “—Products” above.

We own certain compounds out-licensed to third parties for development and commercialization, including those obtained as a
result of our acquisitions of ZymoGenetics in October 2010 and Medarex in August 2009. We are entitled to receive milestone payments as these compounds move through the regulatory process and royalties based on product sales, if and when the
products are commercialized. 

17 

Intellectual Property and Product Exclusivity 

We own or license a number of patents in the U.S. and foreign countries primarily covering our products. We have also developed many brand
names and trademarks for our products. We consider the overall protection of our patents, trademarks, licenses and other intellectual property rights to be of material value and act to protect these rights from infringement. 

In the pharmaceutical industry, the majority of an innovative product’s commercial value is usually realized during the period in
which the product has market exclusivity. A product’s market exclusivity is generally determined by two forms of intellectual property: patent rights held by the innovator company and any regulatory forms of exclusivity to which the innovative
drug is entitled. 

Patents are a key determinant of market exclusivity for most branded pharmaceuticals. Patents provide the
innovator with the right to exclude others from practicing an invention related to the medicine. Patents may cover, among other things, the active ingredient(s), various uses of a drug product, pharmaceutical formulations, drug delivery mechanisms
and processes for (or intermediates useful in) the manufacture of products. Protection for individual products extends for varying periods in accordance with the expiration dates of patents in the various countries. The protection afforded, which
may also vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent, its scope of coverage and the availability of meaningful legal remedies in the country. 

Market exclusivity is also sometimes influenced by regulatory intellectual property rights. Many developed countries provide certain non-patent incentives for the development of medicines. For example, in
the U.S., the EU, Japan, Canada and certain other markets, regulatory intellectual property rights are offered as incentives for research on medicines for rare diseases, or orphan drugs, and on medicines useful in treating pediatric patients. These
incentives can extend the market exclusivity period on a product beyond the patent term. 

The U.S., EU, Japan, China and
Canada also each provide for a minimum period of time after the approval of a new drug during which the regulatory agency may not rely upon the innovator’s data to approve a competitor’s generic copy, or data protection. In some regions
such as China, however, it is questionable whether such data protection laws are enforceable. In certain markets where patent protection and other forms of market exclusivity may have expired, data protection can be of particular importance.
However, most regulatory forms of exclusivity do not prevent a competitor from gaining regulatory approval prior to the expiration of regulatory data exclusivity on the basis of the competitor’s own safety and efficacy data on its drug, even
when that drug is identical to that marketed by the innovator. 

Specific aspects of the law governing market exclusivity and
data protection for pharmaceuticals vary from country to country. The following summarizes key exclusivity rules in markets representing significant sales: 

United States 

In the U.S., most of our key products are protected by
patents with varying terms depending on the type of patent and the filing date. A significant portion of a product’s patent life, however, is lost during the time it takes an innovative company to develop and obtain regulatory approval of a new
drug. As compensation at least in part for the lost patent term, the innovator may, depending on a number of factors, extend the expiration date of one patent up to a maximum term of five years, provided that the extension cannot cause the patent to
be in effect for more than 14 years from the date of drug approval. 

A company seeking to market an innovative pharmaceutical
in the U.S. must submit a complete set of safety and efficacy data to the FDA. If the innovative pharmaceutical is a chemical, the company files a New Drug Application (NDA). If the medicine is a biological product, a Biologics License Application
(BLA) is filed. The type of application filed affects regulatory exclusivity rights. 

Chemical products 

A competitor seeking to launch a generic substitute of a chemical innovative drug in the U.S. must file an abbreviated NDA (aNDA) with the
FDA. In the aNDA, the generic manufacturer needs to demonstrate only “bioequivalence” between the generic substitute and the approved NDA drug. The aNDA relies upon the safety and efficacy data previously filed by the innovator in its NDA.

An innovator company is required to list certain of its patents covering the medicine with the FDA in what is commonly known
as the Orange Book. Absent a successful patent challenge, the FDA cannot approve an aNDA until after the innovator’s listed patents expire. However, after the innovator has marketed its product for four years, a generic manufacturer may file an
aNDA and allege that one or more of the patents listed in the Orange Book under an innovator’s NDA is either invalid or not infringed. This allegation is commonly known as a Paragraph IV certification. The innovator then must decide whether to
file a patent infringement suit against the generic manufacturer. From time to time, aNDAs, including Paragraph IV certifications, are filed with respect to certain of our products. We evaluate these aNDAs on a case-by-case basis and, where
warranted, file suit against the generic manufacturer to protect our patent rights. 

18 

In addition to benefiting from patent protection, certain innovative pharmaceutical products
can receive periods of regulatory exclusivity. A NDA that is designated as an orphan drug can receive seven years of exclusivity for the orphan indication. During this time period, neither NDAs nor aNDAs for the same drug product can be approved for
the same orphan use. A company may also earn six months of additional exclusivity for a drug where specific clinical trials are conducted at the written request of the FDA to study the use of the medicine to treat pediatric patients, and submission
to the FDA is made prior to the loss of basic exclusivity. 

Medicines approved under a NDA can also receive several types of
regulatory data protection. An innovative chemical pharmaceutical is entitled to five years of regulatory data protection in the U.S., during which competitors cannot file with the FDA for approval of generic substitutes. If an innovator’s
patent is challenged, as described above, a generic manufacturer may file its aNDA after the fourth year of the five-year data protection period. A pharmaceutical drug product that contains an active ingredient that has been previously approved in
an NDA, but is approved in a new formulation, but not for the drug itself, or for a new indication on the basis of new clinical trials, receives three years of data protection for that formulation or indication. 

Biologic products 

The U.S. healthcare legislation enacted in 2010 created an approval pathway for biosimilar versions of innovative biological products that
did not previously exist. Prior to that time, innovative biologics had essentially unlimited regulatory exclusivity. Under the new regulatory mechanism, the FDA can approve products that are similar to (but not generic copies of) innovative
biologics on the basis of less extensive data than is required by a full BLA. After an innovator has marketed its product for four years, any manufacturer may file an application for approval of a “biosimilar” version of the innovator
product. However, although an application for approval of a biosimilar may be filed four years after approval of the innovator product, qualified innovative biological products will receive 12 years of regulatory exclusivity, meaning that the FDA
may not approve a biosimilar version until 12 years after the innovative biological product was first approved by the FDA. The law also provides a mechanism for innovators to enforce the patents that protect innovative biological products and for
biosimilar applicants to challenge the patents. Such patent litigation may begin as early as four years after the innovative biological products is first approved by the FDA. 

In the U.S., the increased likelihood of generic and biosimilar challenges to innovators’ intellectual property has increased the risk of loss of innovators’ market exclusivity. First, generic
companies have increasingly sought to challenge innovators’ basic patents covering major pharmaceutical products. Second, statutory and regulatory provisions in the U.S. limit the ability of an innovator company to prevent generic and
biosimilar drugs from being approved and launched while patent litigation is ongoing. As a result of all of these developments, it is not possible to predict the length of market exclusivity for a particular product with certainty based solely on
the expiration of the relevant patent(s) or the current forms of regulatory exclusivity. 

European Union 

Patents on pharmaceutical products are generally enforceable in the EU and, as in the U.S., may be extended to compensate for the patent
term lost during the regulatory review process. Such extensions are granted on a country-by-country basis. 

The primary route
we use to obtain marketing authorization of pharmaceutical products in the EU is through the “centralized procedure.” This procedure is compulsory for certain pharmaceutical products, in particular those using biotechnological processes,
and is also available for certain new chemical compounds and products. A company seeking to market an innovative pharmaceutical product through the centralized procedure must file a complete set of safety data and efficacy data as part of a
Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) with the European Medicines Agency (EMA). After the EMA evaluates the MAA, it provides a recommendation to the European Commission (EC) and the EC then approves or denies the MAA. It is also possible for new
chemical products to obtain marketing authorization in the EU through a “mutual recognition procedure,” in which an application is made to a single member state, and if the member state approves the pharmaceutical product under a national
procedure, then the applicant may submit that approval to the mutual recognition procedure of some or all other member states. 

After obtaining marketing authorization approval, a company must obtain pricing and reimbursement for the pharmaceutical product, which
is typically subject to member state law. In certain EU countries, this process can take place simultaneously while the product is marketed but in other EU countries, this process must be completed before the company can market the new product. The
pricing and reimbursement procedure can take months and sometimes years to complete. 

Throughout the EU, all products for
which marketing authorizations have been filed after October/November 2005 are subject to an “8+2+1” regime. Eight years after the innovator has received its first community authorization for a medicinal product, a generic company may file
a marketing authorization application for that product with the health authorities. If the marketing authorization application is approved, the generic company may not commercialize the product until after either 10 or 11 years have elapsed from the
initial marketing authorization granted to the innovator. The possible extension to 11 years is available if the innovator, during the first eight years of the marketing authorization, obtains an additional indication that is of significant clinical
benefit in comparison with existing treatments. For products that were filed prior to October/November 2005, there is a 10-year period of data protection under the centralized procedures and a period of either six or 10 years under the mutual
recognition procedure (depending on the member state). 

19 

In contrast to the U.S., patents in the EU are not listed with regulatory authorities.
Generic versions of pharmaceutical products can be approved after data protection expires, regardless of whether the innovator holds patents covering its drug. Thus, it is possible that an innovator may be seeking to enforce its patents against a
generic competitor that is already marketing its product. Also, the European patent system has an opposition procedure in which generic manufacturers may challenge the validity of patents covering innovator products within nine months of grant.

In general, EU law treats chemically-synthesized drugs and biologically-derived drugs the same with respect to intellectual
property and data protection. In addition to the relevant legislation and annexes related to biologic medicinal products, the EMA has issued guidelines that outline the additional information to be provided for biosimilar products, also known as
generic biologics, in order to review an application for marketing approval. 

Japan 

In Japan, medicines of new chemical entities are generally afforded eight years of data exclusivity for approved indications and dosage.
Patents on pharmaceutical products are enforceable. Generic copies can receive regulatory approval after data exclusivity and patent expirations. As in the U.S., patents in Japan may be extended to compensate for the patent term lost during the
regulatory review process. 

In general, Japanese law treats chemically-synthesized and biologically-derived drugs the same
with respect to intellectual property and market exclusivity. 

China 

In China, medicines of new chemical entities are generally afforded six years of data exclusivity for approved indications and dosage.
There is uncertainty about China’s exclusivity laws which has resulted in generic competition in the China market. Generic copies can receive regulatory approval after data exclusivity and patent expirations. Currently, unlike the U.S.,
China has no patent term restoration to compensate for the patent term lost during the regulatory process. 

In general,
Chinese law treats chemically-synthesized and biologically-derived drugs the same with respect to intellectual property and market exclusivity. 

Canada 

In Canada as of
2006, medicines of new chemical entities are generally afforded eight years of data exclusivity for approved indications and dosage. Patents on pharmaceutical products are enforceable. Generic copies can receive regulatory approval after data
exclusivity and patent expirations. Currently, unlike the U.S., Canada has no patent term restoration to compensate for the patent term lost during the regulatory review process. 

In Canada, biologics are generally treated the same as chemically-synthesized products with respect to patent rights and regulatory
exclusivity. Health Canada has issued draft guidance that outlines the additional information to be provided for Subsequent Entry Biologics, also known as biosimilar products or generic biologics, in order to review an application for marketing
approval. 

Rest of the World 

In countries outside of the U.S., the EU, Japan, China and Canada, there is a wide variety of legal systems with respect to intellectual property and market exclusivity of pharmaceuticals. Most other
developed countries utilize systems similar to either the U.S. or the EU (e.g., Switzerland). Among developing countries, some have adopted patent laws and/or regulatory exclusivity laws, while others have not. Some developing countries have
formally adopted laws in order to comply with World Trade Organization (WTO) commitments, but have not taken steps to implement these laws in a meaningful way. Enforcement of WTO actions is a long process between governments, and there is no
assurance of the outcome. Thus, in assessing the likely future market exclusivity of our innovative drugs in developing countries, we take into account not only formal legal rights but political and other factors as well. 

Marketing, Distribution and Customers 

We promote the appropriate use of our products directly to healthcare professionals and providers such as doctors, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, pharmacists, technologists, hospitals,
Pharmacy Benefit Managers (PBMs) and Managed Care Organizations (MCOs). We also provide information about the appropriate use of our products to consumers in the U.S. through direct-to-consumer print, radio, television, and digital advertising and
promotion. In addition, we sponsor general advertising to educate the public about our innovative medical research and corporate mission. For a discussion of the regulation of promotion and marketing of pharmaceuticals, see “—Government
Regulation and Price Constraints” below. 

20 

Through our field sales and medical organizations, we explain the risks and benefits of the
approved uses of our products to medical professionals. We work to gain access for our products on formularies and reimbursement plans (lists of recommended or approved medicines and other products), including Medicare Part D plans by providing
information about the clinical profiles of our products. Our marketing and sales of prescription pharmaceuticals is limited to the approved uses of the particular product, but we continue to develop scientific data and other information about our
products and provide such information in response to unsolicited inquiries from doctors, other medical professionals and managed care organizations. 

Our operations include several marketing and sales organizations. Each product marketing organization is supported by a sales force, which may be responsible for selling one or more products. We also have
marketing organizations that focus on certain classes of customers such as managed care entities or certain types of marketing tools, such as digital or consumer communications. Our sales forces focus on communicating information about new products
or new uses, as well as established products, and promotion to physicians is increasingly targeted at physician specialists who treat the patients in need of our medicines. 

Our products are sold principally to wholesalers, and to a lesser extent, directly to distributors, retailers, hospitals, clinics, government agencies and pharmacies. Gross sales to the three largest
pharmaceutical wholesalers in the U.S. as a percentage of our global gross sales were as follows: 

2012

2011

2010

 McKesson Corporation

23

% 

26

% 

24

% 

 Cardinal Health, Inc.

19

% 

21

% 

21

% 

 AmerisourceBergen Corporation

14

% 

16

% 

16

% 

Our U.S. business has Inventory Management Agreements (IMAs) with substantially all of our direct
wholesaler and distributor customers that allow us to monitor U.S. wholesaler inventory levels and requires those wholesalers to maintain inventory levels that are no more than one month of their demand. The IMAs for our three largest wholesalers
expire on March 31, 2013, while the other IMAs expire on December 14, 2014, all subject to certain termination provisions. We have reached agreements in principal with our three largest wholesalers, subject to negotiation and execution of
final agreements, which would extend the termination dates of those IMAs to December 14, 2014, subject to certain termination provisions. 

In a number of defined markets outside of the U.S., we have established a full scale distributor model to make medically necessary drugs available to patients. We continue to own the marketing
authorization and trademarks for these products, but have contracted the services of a full-service distributor to provide distribution and logistics; regulatory and pharmacovigilance; and sales, advertising and promotion for certain products. These
contracts clearly define terms and conditions, along with the services we will provide (such as supply through a firm order period). We monitor in-market sales and forecasts to ensure that reasonable inventory levels for all products for sale are
maintained to fully and continuously meet the demand for the products within the distributor’s territory or responsibility. Sales in these distributor-based markets represented less than 1% of the Company’s net sales in 2012. 

Competition 

The markets
in which we compete are generally broad based and highly competitive. We compete with other worldwide research-based drug companies, many smaller research companies with more limited therapeutic focus and generic drug manufacturers. Important
competitive factors include product efficacy, safety and ease of use, price and demonstrated cost-effectiveness, marketing effectiveness, product labeling, customer service and research and development of new products and processes. Sales of our
products can be impacted by new studies that indicate a competitor’s product is safer or more effective for treating a disease or particular form of disease than one of our products. Our sales also can be impacted by additional labeling
requirements relating to safety or convenience that may be imposed on products by the FDA or by similar regulatory agencies in different countries. If competitors introduce new products and processes with therapeutic or cost advantages, our products
can be subject to progressive price reductions or decreased volume of sales, or both. 

Generic Competition 

One of the biggest competitive challenges that we face is from generic pharmaceutical manufacturers. In the U.S. and the EU, the
regulatory approval process exempts generics from costly and time-consuming clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy, allowing generic manufacturers to rely on the safety and efficacy of the innovator product. As a result, generic
pharmaceutical manufacturers typically invest far less in research and development than research-based pharmaceutical companies and therefore can price their products significantly lower than branded products. Accordingly, when a branded product
loses its market exclusivity, it normally faces intense price competition from generic forms of the product. Upon the expiration or loss of market exclusivity on a product, we can lose the major portion of sales of that product in a very short
period of time. 

21 

The rate of sales decline of a product after the expiration of exclusivity varies by
country. In general, the decline in the U.S. market is more rapid than in most other developed countries, though we have observed rapid declines in a number of EU countries as well. Also, the declines in developed countries tend to be more rapid
than in developing countries. The rate of sales decline after the expiration of exclusivity has also historically been influenced by product characteristics. For example, drugs that are used in a large patient population (e.g., those prescribed by
key primary care physicians) tend to experience more rapid declines than drugs in specialized areas of medicine (e.g., oncology). Drugs that are more complex to manufacture (e.g., sterile injectable products) usually experience a slower decline than
those that are simpler to manufacture. 

In certain countries outside the U.S., patent protection is weak or nonexistent and we
must compete with generic versions shortly after we launch our innovative products. In addition, generic pharmaceutical companies may introduce a generic product before exclusivity has expired, and before the resolution of any related patent
litigation. For more information about market exclusivity, see “—Intellectual Property and Product Exclusivity” above. 

We believe our long-term competitive position depends upon our success in discovering and developing innovative, cost-effective products that serve unmet medical needs, together with our ability to
manufacture products efficiently and to market them effectively in a highly competitive environment. 

Managed Care Organizations

The growth of MCOs in the U.S. is also a major factor in the healthcare marketplace. Over half of the U.S. population now
participates in some version of managed care. MCOs can include medical insurance companies, medical plan administrators, health-maintenance organizations, Medicare Part D prescription drug plans, alliances of hospitals and physicians and other
physician organizations. Those organizations have been consolidating into fewer, larger entities, thus enhancing their purchasing strength and importance to us. 

To successfully compete for business with MCOs, we must often demonstrate that our products offer not only medical benefits but also cost advantages as compared with other forms of care. Most new products
that we introduce compete with other products already on the market or products that are later developed by competitors. As noted above, generic drugs are exempt from costly and time-consuming clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy
and, as such, often have lower costs than brand-name drugs. MCOs that focus primarily on the immediate cost of drugs often favor generics for this reason. Many governments also encourage the use of generics as alternatives to brand-name drugs in
their healthcare programs. Laws in the U.S. generally allow, and in many cases require, pharmacists to substitute generic drugs that have been rated under government procedures to be essentially equivalent to a brand-name drug. The substitution must
be made unless the prescribing physician expressly forbids it. 

Exclusion of a product from a formulary can lead to its
sharply reduced usage in the MCO patient population. Consequently, pharmaceutical companies compete aggressively to have their products included. Where possible, companies compete for inclusion based upon unique features of their products, such as
greater efficacy, better patient ease of use or fewer side effects. A lower overall cost of therapy is also an important factor. Products that demonstrate fewer therapeutic advantages must compete for inclusion based primarily on price. We have been
generally, although not universally, successful in having our major products included on MCO formularies. 

Government Regulation and Price
Constraints 

The pharmaceutical industry is subject to extensive global regulation by regional, country, state and local
agencies. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDC Act), other Federal statutes and regulations, various state statutes and regulations, and laws and regulations of foreign governments govern to varying degrees the testing, approval,
production, labeling, distribution, post-market surveillance, advertising, dissemination of information, and promotion of our products. The lengthy process of laboratory and clinical testing, data analysis, manufacturing, development, and regulatory
review necessary for required governmental approvals is extremely costly and can significantly delay product introductions in a given market. Promotion, marketing, manufacturing and distribution of pharmaceutical products are extensively regulated
in all major world markets. In addition, our operations are subject to complex Federal, state, local, and foreign environmental and occupational safety laws and regulations. We anticipate that the laws and regulations affecting the manufacture and
sale of current products and the introduction of new products will continue to require substantial scientific and technical effort, time and expense as well as significant capital investments. 

Of particular importance is the FDA in the U.S. It has jurisdiction over virtually all of our activities and imposes requirements
covering the testing, safety, effectiveness, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, advertising and post-marketing surveillance of our products. In many cases, FDA requirements have increased the amount of time and money necessary to develop new
products and bring them to market in the U.S. 

22 

The FDA mandates that drugs be manufactured, packaged and labeled in conformity with current
Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) established by the FDA. In complying with cGMP regulations, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in production, recordkeeping and quality control to ensure that products meet applicable
specifications and other requirements to ensure product safety and efficacy. The FDA periodically inspects our drug manufacturing facilities to ensure compliance with applicable cGMP requirements. Failure to comply with the statutory and regulatory
requirements subjects us to possible legal or regulatory action, such as suspension of manufacturing, seizure of product or voluntary recall of a product. Adverse experiences with the use of products must be reported to the FDA and could result in
the imposition of market restrictions through labeling changes or product removal. Product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems concerning safety or efficacy occur following approval.

The Federal government has extensive enforcement powers over the activities of pharmaceutical manufacturers, including
authority to withdraw product approvals, commence actions to seize and prohibit the sale of unapproved or non-complying products, to halt manufacturing operations that are not in compliance with cGMPs, and to impose or seek injunctions, voluntary
recalls, civil, monetary and criminal penalties. Such a restriction or prohibition on sales or withdrawal of approval of products marketed by us could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash
flows. 

Marketing authorization for our products is subject to revocation by the applicable governmental agencies. In
addition, modifications or enhancements of approved products or changes in manufacturing locations are in many circumstances subject to additional FDA approvals, which may or may not be received and which may be subject to a lengthy application
process. 

The distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to the Prescription Drug Marketing Act (PDMA) as part of the
FDC Act, which regulates such activities at both the Federal and state level. Under the PDMA and its implementing regulations, states are permitted to require registration of manufacturers and distributors who provide pharmaceuticals even if such
manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. States are also permitted to adopt regulations limiting the distribution of product samples to licensed practitioners. The PDMA also imposes extensive licensing, personnel
recordkeeping, packaging, quantity, labeling, product handling and facility storage and security requirements intended to prevent the sale of pharmaceutical product samples or other product diversions. 

The FDA Amendments Act of 2007 imposed additional obligations on pharmaceutical companies and delegated more enforcement authority to the
FDA in the area of drug safety. Key elements of this legislation give the FDA authority to (1) require that companies conduct post-marketing safety studies of drugs, (2) impose certain drug labeling changes relating to safety,
(3) mandate risk mitigation measures such as the education of healthcare providers and the restricted distribution of medicines, (4) require companies to publicly disclose data from clinical trials and (5) pre-review television
advertisements. 

The marketing practices of all U.S. pharmaceutical manufacturers are subject to Federal and state healthcare
laws that are used to protect the integrity of government healthcare programs. The Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (OIG) oversees compliance with applicable Federal laws, in connection with the payment
for products by government funded programs (primarily Medicaid and Medicare). These laws include the Federal anti-kickback statute, which criminalizes the offering of something of value to induce the recommendation, order or purchase of products or
services reimbursed under a government healthcare program. The OIG has issued a series of Guidances to segments of the healthcare industry, including the 2003 Compliance Program Guidance for Pharmaceutical Manufacturers (the OIG Guidance), which
includes a recommendation that pharmaceutical manufacturers, at a minimum, adhere to the PhRMA Code, a voluntary industry code of marketing practices. We subscribe to the PhRMA Code, and have implemented a compliance program to address the
requirements set forth in the OIG Guidance and our compliance with the healthcare laws. Failure to comply with these healthcare laws could subject us to administrative and legal proceedings, including actions by Federal and state government
agencies. Such actions could result in the imposition of civil and criminal sanctions, which may include fines, penalties and injunctive remedies, the impact of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations and cash flows. 

We are also subject to the jurisdiction of various other Federal and state regulatory and
enforcement departments and agencies, such as the Federal Trade Commission, the Department of Justice and the Department of Health and Human Services in the U.S. We are also licensed by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency to procure and produce
controlled substances. We are, therefore, subject to possible administrative and legal proceedings and actions by these organizations. Such actions may result in the imposition of civil and criminal sanctions, which may include fines, penalties and
injunctive or administrative remedies. 

Our activities outside the U.S. are also subject to regulatory requirements governing
the testing, approval, safety, effectiveness, manufacturing, labeling and marketing of our products. These regulatory requirements vary from country to country. Whether or not FDA approval or approval of the EMA has been obtained for a product,
approval of the product by comparable regulatory authorities of countries outside of the U.S. or the EU, as the case may be, must be obtained prior to marketing the product in those countries. The approval process may be more or less rigorous from
country to country, and the time required for approval may be longer or shorter than that required in the U.S. Approval in one country does not assure that a product will be approved in another country. 

23 

In many markets outside the U.S., we operate in an environment of government-mandated,
cost-containment programs. Several governments have placed restrictions on physician prescription levels and patient reimbursements, emphasized greater use of generic drugs and/or enacted across-the-board price cuts as methods of cost control. In
most EU countries, for example, the government regulates pricing of a new product at launch often through direct price controls, international price comparisons, controlling profits and/or reference pricing. In other markets, such as the UK and
Germany, the government does not set pricing restrictions at launch, but pricing freedom is subsequently limited, such as by the operation of a profit and price control plan in the UK and by the operation of a reference price system in Germany.
Companies also face significant delays in market access for new products, mainly in France, Spain, Italy and Belgium, and more than two years can elapse before new medicines become available on some national markets. Additionally, member states of
the EU have regularly imposed new or additional cost containment measures for pharmaceuticals. In recent years, Italy, for example, has imposed mandatory price decreases. The existence of price differentials within the EU due to the different
national pricing and reimbursement laws leads to significant parallel trade flows. 

In the U.S. the healthcare industry is
subject to various government-imposed regulations authorizing prices or price controls that have and will continue to have an impact on our net sales. We participate in state government Medicaid programs, as well as certain other qualifying Federal
and state government programs whereby discounts and rebates are provided to participating state and local government entities. We also participate in government programs that specify discounts to certain government entities, the most significant of
which are the U.S. Department of Defense and the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. These entities receive minimum discounts based off a defined “non-federal average manufacturer price” for purchases. In March 2010, the U.S. government
enacted healthcare reform legislation, signing into law the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (HR 3590) and a reconciliation bill containing a package of changes to the healthcare bill. The legislation makes extensive changes to the current
system of healthcare insurance and benefits intended to broaden coverage and reduce costs. These bills significantly change how Americans receive healthcare coverage and how they pay for it. They also have a significant impact on companies, in
particular those companies in the pharmaceutical industry and other healthcare related industries, including BMS. We have experienced and will continue to experience additional financial costs and certain other changes to our business as the new
healthcare law is implemented. For example, minimum rebates on our Medicaid drug sales have increased from 15.1 percent to 23.1 percent and Medicaid rebates have also been extended to drugs used in risk-based Medicaid managed care plans. In
addition, we extend discounts to certain critical access hospitals, cancer hospitals and other covered entities as required by the expansion of the 340B Drug Pricing Program under the Public Health Service Act. 

In 2011, we were also required to provide a 50 percent discount on our brand-name drugs to patients who fall within the Medicare Part D
coverage gap, also referred to as the “donut hole” and we will pay an annual non-tax-deductible fee to the federal government based on an allocation of our market share of branded prior year sales to certain government programs including
Medicare, Medicaid, Department of Veterans Affairs, Department of Defense and TRICARE. 

For further discussion of these
rebates and programs, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Net Sales” and “—Critical Accounting Policies.” 

Sources and Availability of Raw Materials 

In general, we purchase our raw materials and supplies required for the production of our products in the open market. For some products, we purchase our raw materials and supplies from one source (the
only source available to us) or a single source (the only approved source among many available to us), thereby requiring us to obtain such raw materials and supplies from that particular source. We attempt, if possible, to mitigate our raw material
supply risks, through inventory management and alternative sourcing strategies. For further discussion of sourcing, see “—Manufacturing and Quality Assurance” below and discussions of particular products. 

Manufacturing and Quality Assurance 

To meet all expected product demand, we operate and manage our manufacturing network, including our third-party contract manufacturers, and the inventory related thereto, in a manner that permits us to
improve efficiency while maintaining flexibility to reallocate manufacturing capacity. Pharmaceutical production processes are complex, highly regulated and vary widely from product to product. Given that shifting or adding manufacturing capacity
can be a lengthy process requiring significant capital and other expenditures as well as regulatory approvals, we maintain and operate our flexible manufacturing network, consisting of internal and external resources that minimize unnecessary
product transfers and inefficient uses of manufacturing capacity. For further discussion of the regulatory impact on our manufacturing, see “—Government Regulation and Price Constraints” above. 

Our pharmaceutical manufacturing facilities are located in the U.S., Puerto Rico, France, Italy, Ireland, Japan, Mexico and China and
require significant ongoing capital investment for both maintenance and compliance with increasing regulatory requirements. In addition, as our product line changes over the next several years, we expect to continue modification of our existing
manufacturing network to meet complex processing standards that may be required for newly introduced products, including biologics. Biologics manufacturing involves more complex processes than those of traditional pharmaceutical operations. The FDA
approved our large scale multi-product bulk biologics manufacturing facility in Devens, Massachusetts in May 2012. 

24 

We rely on third parties to manufacture or supply us with certain active ingredients
necessary for us to manufacture various products, including Plavix*, 
Baraclude, 
Avalide*, 
Reyataz, 
Abilify*, 
Erbitux*, the 
Sustiva Franchise, 
Orencia, 
Yervoy, 
Onglyza,

Kombiglyze and 
Forxiga. To maintain a stable supply of these products, we take a variety of actions including inventory management and maintenance of additional quantities of materials, when possible, designed to provide for a
reasonable level of these ingredients to be held by the third-party supplier, us or both, so that our manufacturing operations are not interrupted. As an additional protection, in some cases, we take steps to maintain an approved back-up source
where available. For example, we will rely on the capacity of our Devens, Massachusetts facility and the capacity available at our third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture 
Orencia. 

If we or any third-party manufacturer that we rely on for existing or future products is unable to maintain a stable supply of products,
operate at sufficient capacity to meet our order requirements, comply with government regulations for manufacturing pharmaceuticals or meet the complex processing requirements for biologics, our business performance and prospects could be negatively
impacted. Additionally, if we or any of our third-party suppliers were to experience extended plant shutdowns or substantial unplanned increases in demand or suspension of manufacturing for regulatory reasons, we could experience an interruption in
supply of certain products or product shortages until production could be resumed or expanded. 

In connection with
divestitures, licensing arrangements or distribution agreements of certain of our products, or in certain other circumstances, we have entered into agreements under which we have agreed to supply such products to third parties. In addition to
liabilities that could arise from our failure to supply such products under the agreements, these arrangements could require us to invest in facilities for the production of non-strategic products, result in additional regulatory filings and
obligations or cause an interruption in the manufacturing of our own products. 

Our success depends in great measure upon
customer confidence in the quality of our products and in the integrity of the data that support their safety and effectiveness. Product quality arises from a total commitment to quality in all parts of our operations, including research and
development, purchasing, facilities planning, manufacturing, and distribution. We maintain quality-assurance procedures relating to the quality and integrity of technical information and production processes. 

Control of production processes involves detailed specifications for ingredients, equipment and facilities, manufacturing methods,
processes, packaging materials and labeling. We perform tests at various stages of production processes and on the final product to ensure that the product meets regulatory requirements and our standards. These tests may involve chemical and
physical chemical analyses, microbiological testing, or a combination of these along with other analyses. Quality control is provided by business unit/site quality assurance groups that monitor existing manufacturing procedures and systems used by
us, our subsidiaries and third-party suppliers. 

Environmental Regulation 

Our facilities and operations are subject to extensive U.S. and foreign laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and
human health and safety, including those governing discharges of pollutants into the air and water; the use, management and disposal of hazardous, radioactive and biological materials and wastes; and the cleanup of contamination. Pollution controls
and permits are required for many of our operations, and these permits are subject to modification, renewal or revocation by the issuing authorities. 

Our environment, health and safety group monitors our operations around the world, providing us with an overview of regulatory requirements and overseeing the implementation of our standards for
compliance. We also incur operating and capital costs for such matters on an ongoing basis. We expended approximately $21 million in 2012, $16 million in 2011 and $15 million in 2010 on capital projects undertaken specifically to meet environmental
requirements. Although we believe that we are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental, health and safety requirements and the permits required for our operations, we nevertheless could incur additional costs, including civil or
criminal fines or penalties, clean-up costs, or third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, for violations or liabilities under these laws. 

Many of our current and former facilities have been in operation for many years, and over time, we and other operators of those facilities have generated, used, stored or disposed of substances or wastes
that are considered hazardous under Federal, state and/or foreign environmental laws, including the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA). As a result, the soil and groundwater at or under certain of
these facilities is or may be contaminated, and we may be required to make significant expenditures to investigate, control and remediate such contamination, and in some cases to provide compensation and/or restoration for damages to natural
resources. Currently, we are involved in investigation and remediation at 14 current or former facilities. We have also been identified as a “potentially responsible party” (PRP) under applicable laws for environmental conditions at
approximately 23 former waste disposal or reprocessing facilities operated by third parties at which investigation and/or remediation activities are ongoing. 

We may face liability under CERCLA and other Federal, state and foreign laws for the entire cost of investigation or remediation of contaminated sites, or for natural resource damages, regardless of fault
or ownership at the time of the disposal or release. In addition, at certain sites we bear remediation responsibility pursuant to contractual obligations. Generally, at third-party operator sites involving multiple PRPs, liability has been or is
expected to be apportioned based on the nature and amount of hazardous substances disposed of by each party at the site and the number of financially viable PRPs. For additional information about these matters, see “Item 8. Financial
Statements—Note 21. Legal Proceedings and Contingencies.” 

25 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2012, we employed approximately 28,000 people. 

Foreign Operations

We have significant operations outside the U.S. They are conducted both through our subsidiaries and through distributors.

For a geographic breakdown of net sales, see the table captioned Geographic Areas in “Item 8. Financial
Statements—Note 2. Business Segment Information” and for further discussion of our net sales by geographic area see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Net
Sales.” 

International operations are subject to certain risks, which are inherent in conducting business abroad,
including, but not limited to, currency fluctuations, possible nationalization or expropriation, price and exchange controls, counterfeit products, limitations on foreign participation in local enterprises and other restrictive governmental actions.
Our international businesses are also subject to government-imposed constraints, including laws on pricing or reimbursement for use of products. 

Depending on the direction of change relative to the U.S. dollar, foreign currency values can increase or decrease the reported dollar value of our net assets and results of operations. The change in
foreign exchange rates had a net unfavorable impact on the growth rate of revenues in 2012. While we cannot predict with certainty future changes in foreign exchange rates or the effect they will have on the growth rate of revenues, we attempt to
mitigate their impact through operational means and by using various financial instruments. See the discussions under “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” and “Item 8. Financial Statements—Note 9.
Financial Instruments.” 

Bristol-Myers Squibb Website 

Our internet website address is www.bms.com. On our website, we make available, free of charge, our annual, quarterly and current reports, including amendments to such reports, as soon as
reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnishes such material to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 

Information relating to corporate governance at Bristol-Myers Squibb, including our Standards of Business Conduct and Ethics, Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers, Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics for Directors, (collectively, the “Codes”), Corporate Governance Guidelines, and information concerning our Executive Committee, Board of Directors, including Board Committees and Committee charters, and transactions in
Bristol-Myers Squibb securities by directors and executive officers, is available on our website under the “Investors—Corporate Governance” caption and in print to any stockholder upon request. Any waivers to the Codes by directors or
executive officers and any material amendment to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors and Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers will be posted promptly on our website. Information relating to stockholder services, including
our Dividend Reinvestment Plan and direct deposit of dividends, is available on our website under the “Investors—Stockholder Services” caption. 

We incorporate by reference certain information from parts of our proxy statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The SEC allows us to disclose important information by referring to it in
that manner. Please refer to such information. Our proxy statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and 2012 Annual Report will be available on our website under the “Investors—SEC Filings” caption on or about
March 21, 2013. 

26 

. 

Any of the
factors described below could significantly and negatively affect our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results, or credit ratings, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. Additional risks and
uncertainties not presently known to us, or risks that we currently consider immaterial, may also impair our operations. 

We face intense competition from other biopharmaceutical manufacturers, including for both innovative medicines and lower-priced
generic products. 

Competition, including lower-priced generic versions of our products, is a major challenge both
within the U.S. and internationally. We face patent expirations and increasingly aggressive generic competition. Such competition may include (i) new products developed by competitors that have lower prices, real or perceived superior efficacy
(benefit) or safety (risk) profiles, or that are otherwise competitive with our products; (ii) technological advances and patents attained by our competitors; (iii) earlier-than-expected competition from generic companies;
(iv) clinical study results from our products or a competitor’s products; (v) business combinations among our competitors and major customers; and (vi) competing interests for external partnerships to develop and bring new
products to markets. We could also experience limited or no market access from real or perceived differences in value propositions for our products compared with competitors. 

It is possible that we may lose market exclusivity of a product earlier than expected. 

In the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, the majority of an innovative product’s commercial value is usually realized
during the period in which it has market exclusivity. In the U.S. and some other countries, when market exclusivity expires and generic versions of a product are approved and marketed, there are usually very substantial and rapid declines in the
product’s sales. 

Market exclusivity for our products is based upon patent rights and/or certain regulatory forms
of exclusivity. The scope of our patent rights vary from country to country and may also be dependent on the availability of meaningful legal remedies in that country. The failure to obtain patent and other intellectual property rights, or
limitations on the use or loss of such rights, could be material to us. In some countries, including certain EU member states, basic patent protection for our products may not exist because certain countries did not historically offer the right to
obtain specific types of patents and/or we (or our licensors) did not file in those markets. In addition, the patent environment outside the U.S. can be unpredictable and the validity and enforceability of patents cannot be predicted with certainty.
Absent relevant patent protection for a product, once the data exclusivity period expires, generic versions of the product can be approved and marketed. In addition, prior to the expiration of data exclusivity, a competitor could seek regulatory
approval by submitting its own clinical trial data to obtain marketing approval. 

Manufacturers of generic products are
also increasingly seeking to challenge patents before they expire. Key patents covering three of our key products (Atripla*, Baraclude and Sprycel) are currently the subject of patent litigation. In some cases, generic manufacturers may choose to
launch a generic product “at risk” before the expiration of the applicable patent(s) and/or before the final resolution of related patent litigation. For example, we may face generic competition for 
Baraclude
 beginning in
2013 following a federal court’s decision to invalidate the composition of matter patent in February 2013. There is no assurance that a particular product will enjoy market exclusivity for the full period of time that appears in the estimates
disclosed in this Form 10-K. 

Increased pricing pressure and other restrictions in the U.S. and abroad from managed
care organizations, institutional purchasers, and government agencies and programs could negatively affect our net sales and profit margins. 

Pharmaceutical products continue to be subject to increasing price pressures and other restrictions in the U.S., the EU and other regions around the world, including but not limited to: (i) rules
and practices of managed care organizations and institutional and governmental purchasers; (ii) judicial decisions and governmental laws and regulations for Medicare, Medicaid and U.S. healthcare reform, including the 2010 Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act and any potential additional U.S. healthcare reform measures; (iii) the potential impact of importation restrictions, legislative and/or regulatory changes, pharmaceutical reimbursement, Medicare Part D Formularies and
product pricing in general; (iv) delays in gaining reimbursement and/or reductions in reimbursement amounts in countries with government-mandated, cost-containment programs; (v) government price erosion mechanisms across Europe, resulting
in deflation for pharmaceutical product pricing; (vi) other developments in technology and/or industry practices that could directly or indirectly impact the reimbursement policies and practices of third-party payers; and (vii) limited or
no market access due to real or perceived differences in value propositions for our products compared to competing products. 

We may
experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products. 

Developing and
commercializing new products includes inherent risks and uncertainties, such as (i) compounds or products that may appear promising in development but fail to reach market within the expected or optimal timeframe, or fail ever to reach market
or to be approved for product extensions or additional indications, including for efficacy or safety concerns, the delay or denial of necessary regulatory approvals, delays or difficulties with producing products at a commercial scale level or
excessive costs to manufacture products; (ii) failure to enter into or successfully implement optimal alliances for the development and/or commercialization of new products; (iii) failure to maintain a consistent scope and variety of
promising late-stage products; (iv) failure of one or more of our products to achieve or maintain commercial viability; and (v) changes in the regulatory approval processes that may cause delays or denials of new product approvals. We have
observed a recent trend by the U.S. Food & Drug Administration to delay its approval decision on a new product beyond its announced action date by as much as six months or longer.

27 

Regulatory approval delays are especially common when the product is expected to have a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy as required by the FDA to address significant risk/benefit issues.
The inability to bring a product to market or a significant delay in the expected approval and related launch date of a new product could potentially have a negative impact on our net sales and earnings and, if the product was acquired, it could
result in a significant impairment of in-process research and development or other intangible assets. Further, if certain acquired pipeline programs are cancelled or if we believe that their commercial prospects have been reduced, we may recognize
material non-cash impairment charges for those programs. These non-cash impairment charge could be material such as the $1.8 billion impairment for BMS-986094, which we recorded in 2012. Finally, a natural or man-made disaster or sabotage of
research and development labs, our compound library and/or a loss of key molecules and intermediaries could negatively impact the product development cycle. 

Failure to execute our business strategy could adversely impact our growth and profitability. 

We are a biopharmaceutical company with a focus on innovative products for high unmet medical needs. To build a foundation for the future, our strategy is to grow our key marketed products, advance our
late-stage pipeline and manage our costs. We may not be able to consistently replenish our innovative pipeline, through internal research and development or transactions with third parties. The competition among major pharmaceutical companies for
acquisition and product licensing opportunities is intense, and we may not be able to locate suitable acquisition targets or licensing partners at reasonable prices, or successfully execute such transactions. We also may not be able to realize the
expected increased efficiencies and effectiveness from continuous improvement initiatives or other changes in our structure or operations, including from the recent reorganization of our commercial operations and the creation of our Enterprises
Services organization. In addition, realizing synergies and other expected benefits from acquisitions, divestitures, mergers, alliances, restructurings or other strategic initiatives, may take longer than expected to complete or may encounter other
difficulties, including the need for regulatory approval where applicable. If we are unable to support and grow our currently marketed products, successfully execute the launches of newly approved products, advance our late-stage pipeline and manage
our costs effectively, we could experience a significant or material negative impact to our operating results and financial condition. In addition, our failure to hire and retain personnel with the right expertise and experience in critical
operations could adversely impact the execution of our business strategy. 

The businesses we acquire may
underperform, and we may not be able to successfully integrate them into our existing business. 

We may continue to
support our pipeline with our licensing and acquisitions strategy. In August 2012, we acquired Amylin Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Amylin), a biopharmaceuticals company dedicated to the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative medicines
for patients with diabetes and other metabolic diseases. Amylin and our other acquired businesses, products and technologies may underperform relative to expectations, which may negatively impact our financial results including potential impairment
charges for acquired intangible assets, including identifiable intangible assets attributed to the Amylin acquisition of $6.5 billion at the acquisition date. Future sales, profits and cash flows of an acquired company’s products, technologies
and pipeline candidates, may not materialize due to lower product uptake, delayed or missed pipeline opportunities, the inability to capture expected synergies, increased competition, safety concerns, regulatory issues, supply chain problems, or
other factors beyond our control. Substantial difficulties, costs and delays could result from integrating our acquisitions including for (i) research & development, manufacturing, distribution, sales, marketing, promotion and
information technology activities; (ii) policies, procedures, processes, controls and compliance; (iii) company cultures; (iv) compensation structures and other human resource activities; and (v) tax considerations.

We depend on certain key products for most of our net sales, cash flows and earnings. 

We have historically derived a majority of our revenue and earnings from a few key products. For example, Plavix* represented over 33%
of our revenues in 2011. While we are becoming less dependent on any single product, we still derive a significant amount of our revenues from a few key products. In 2012, Abilify* net sales of $2.8 billion represented 16% of revenues. Reyataz and
the Sustiva franchise, with combined net sales of $3.0 billion, each represented approximately 9% of revenues, Baraclude, Sprycel and Orencia net sales each exceeded $1.0 billion. A reduction in net sales of one or more of these products could
significantly negatively impact our net sales, cash flows and earnings. 

Changes in U.S. or foreign laws and
regulations may negatively affect our net sales and profit margins. 

We could become subject to new government laws
and regulations, such as (i) additional healthcare reform initiatives in the U.S. or in other countries, including additional mandatory discounts; (ii) changes in corporate tax regulation, including as part of the proposed U.S. budget
deficit reduction package, which could include limiting foreign tax credits, taxing certain tax havens, taxing certain excess income from transferring intellectual property, limiting or disallowing certain U.S. deductions for operating and interest
expenses, changing rules for earnings repatriations and eliminating certain tax credits, as well as changing the tax rate or phasing out currently available tax benefits in the U.S. and in certain foreign countries or other changes in tax law;
(iii) new laws, regulations and judicial or other governmental decisions affecting pricing, drug reimbursement, receivable repayment, access or marketing within or across jurisdictions; (iv) changes in intellectual property law;
(v) changes in accounting standards; (vi) increasing data privacy regulations and enforcement; (vii) emerging and new requirements regarding payments to healthcare professionals, and (viii) other matters, such as compulsory
licenses that could alter the protections afforded to one or more of our products. Any legal or regulatory changes could negatively affect our business, our operating results and the financial condition of our company. Emerging legislation to reduce
the budget deficit in the U.S. or in other countries, if enacted, will likely further reduce our operating results. 

28 

Product labeling changes for our marketed products could potentially result in
unexpected safety or efficacy concerns and have a negative impact on that product’s sales. 

Regulatory
authorities can change the labeling for any pharmaceutical product at any time, including after the product has been on the market for years. These changes are often the result of additional data from post-marketing studies, head-to-head trials,
reporting of adverse events, studies that identify biomarkers (objective characteristics that can indicate a particular response to a product or therapy), or other studies that produce important additional information about a product. The new
information added to a product’s label can affect the safety and/or the efficacy profile of the product, leading to product recalls, withdrawals, or declining revenue, as well as product liability claims. Sometimes the additional information
from these studies identifies a portion of the patient population that may be non-responsive to a medicine and labeling changes based on such studies may limit the patient population, such as the changes to the labeling for Plavix* and Erbitux* a
few years ago. The studies providing such additional information may be sponsored by us, but they can also be sponsored by our competitors, insurance companies, government institutions, managed care organizations, influential scientists,
investigators, or other interested parties. While additional safety and efficacy information from these studies assist us and healthcare providers in identifying the best patient population for each of our products, it can also have a negative
impact on sales for any such product to the extent that the patient population or product labeling becomes more limited. Additionally, certain study results, especially from head-to-head trials, could affect a product’s formulary listing, which
could also adversely affect sales. 

We could experience difficulties and delays in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of our
products. 

Our product supply and related patient access to products could be negatively impacted by, among other
things: (i) seizure or recalls of products or forced closings of manufacturing plants; (ii) supply chain continuity including from natural or man-made disasters at one of our facilities or at a critical supplier or vendor, as well as our
failure or the failure of any of our vendors or suppliers to comply with Current Good Manufacturing Practices and other applicable regulations and quality assurance guidelines that could lead to manufacturing shutdowns, product shortages and delays
in product manufacturing; (iii) manufacturing, quality assurance/quality control, supply problems or governmental approval delays; (iv) the failure of a sole source or single source supplier to provide us with necessary raw materials,
supplies or finished goods for an extended period of time; (v) the failure of a third-party manufacturer to supply us with finished product on time; (vi) construction or regulatory approval delays related to new facilities or the expansion
of existing facilities, including those intended to support future demand for our biologics products; (vii) the failure to meet new and emerging regulations requiring products to be tracked throughout the distribution channels using unique
identifiers; and (viii) other manufacturing or distribution issues including limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements; changes in the types of products produced, such as biologics; physical limitations or other business
interruptions. 

Adverse outcomes in legal matters could negatively affect our business. 

Current or future lawsuits, claims, proceedings and government investigations could preclude or delay commercialization of products or
could potentially adversely affect operations, profitability, liquidity or financial condition, after any possible insurance recoveries where available. Such legal matters include (i) intellectual property disputes; (ii) sales and
marketing practices in the U.S. and internationally; (iii) adverse decisions in litigation, including product liability and commercial cases; (iv) recalls or withdrawals of pharmaceutical products or forced closings of manufacturing
plants; (v) the failure to fulfill obligations under supply contracts with the government and other customers; (vi) product pricing and promotional matters; (vii) lawsuits and claims asserting, or investigations into, violations of
securities, antitrust, Federal and state pricing, consumer protection, antibribery (such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practice Act or UK Anti-Bribery Act) and other laws; (viii) environmental, health and safety matters; and (ix) tax
liabilities. 

We depend on third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations.

We rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, alliance partners and other third parties to research,
develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote and sell our products; manage certain human resource, finance, information technology and other functional services; and meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations in relation to their
arrangements with us. Some of these third-party providers are located in markets that are subject to political risk, corruption, infrastructure problems and natural disasters in addition to country specific privacy and data security risks given
current legal and regulatory environments. The failure of any critical third party to meet its obligations; adequately deploy business continuity plans in the event of a crisis; and/or satisfactorily resolve significant disagreements with us or
address other factors, could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s operations and results. In addition, if these third parties violate or are alleged to have violated any laws or regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practice Act, U.K. Bribery Act and other similar laws and regulations, during the performance of their obligations for us, it is possible that we could suffer financial and reputational harm or other negative outcomes, including possible legal
consequences. 

We are increasingly dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face
certain risks, including from cyber security and data leakage. 

A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption,
destruction or interruption of critical information technology systems, or infrastructure by employees, others with authorized access to our systems, or unauthorized persons could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution
of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for data leakage of confidential information. We could also experience a business interruption, information theft, or reputational damage from malware or other cyber attacks,
which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage, either internally or at our third-party providers. Although the aggregate impact on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the
targets of events of this nature and expect them to continue. We have invested in industry appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and information technology to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an
ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. There can be no assurance, however, that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches to our or our third party providers’ databases or systems that could adversely affect our business.

29 

The expansion of social media platforms presents new risks and challenges. 

The inappropriate and/or unauthorized use of certain media vehicles could cause brand damage or information leakage or could lead to
legal implications, including from the improper collection and/or dissemination of personally identifiable information. In addition, negative or inaccurate posts or comments about us on any social networking web site could damage our reputation,
brand image and goodwill. Further, the disclosure of non-public company sensitive information through external media channels could lead to information loss, as there might not be structured processes in place to secure and protect information.
Identifying new points of entry as social media continues to expand presents new challenges. 

Adverse changes in U.S., global,
regional or local economic conditions could adversely affect our profitability. 

The world’s major economies
hold historically-high debt levels while experiencing slow economic growth and high unemployment. The European sovereign debt crisis has strained government spending and created capital markets volatility. We have significant operations in Europe,
including for manufacturing. Our exposure to customer credit risks in Europe, including from government-guaranteed hospital receivables, will likely increase as our ability to factor receivables becomes more limited. In addition, future pension plan
funding requirements continue to be sensitive to global economic conditions and the related impact on equity markets. We are also exposed to other commercial risks and economic factors over which we have no control, which could pose significant
challenges to our underlying profitability. 

Changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates could have a material
adverse effect on our operating results and liquidity. 

We have significant operations outside of the U.S. Net sales
from operations outside of the U.S. accounted for approximately 41% of our net sales in 2012. As such, we are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates which can be difficult to mitigate. We are also exposed to changes in interest
rates. Our ability to access the money markets and/or capital markets could be impeded if adverse liquidity market conditions occur. 

The illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit versions of our products or stolen products could have a negative impact on our
reputation and business. 

Third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of our products,
which do not meet our rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. A patient who receives a counterfeit drug may be at risk for a number of dangerous health consequences. Our reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit
drugs sold under our brand name. In addition, thefts of inventory at warehouses, plants or while in-transit, which are not properly stored and which are sold through unauthorized channels, could adversely impact patient safety, our reputation and
our business.