The Company faces intense competition
from rail carriers and other transportation providers, and its failure to
compete effectively could adversely affect its results of operations, financial
condition or liquidity.

The Company operates in a highly
competitive business environment. Depending on the specific market, the Company
faces intermodal, intramodal, product and geographic competition. For example,
the Company believes that high service truck lines, due to their ability to
deliver non-bulk products on an expedited basis, have had and will continue to
have an adverse effect on the Company’s ability to compete for deliveries of
non-bulk, time-sensitive freight. While the Company must build or acquire and
maintain its rail system, trucks and barges are able to use public rights-of-way
maintained by public entities. Any material increase in the capacity and quality
of these alternative methods or the passage of legislation granting greater
latitude to motor carriers with respect to size and weight restrictions could
have an adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial
condition or liquidity.

In addition, a failure to provide the
level of service required by the Company’s customers could result in loss of
business to competitors. 

 1

 Table of
Contents

A downturn in the
economy or change in government policy could negatively impact demand for the
Company’s services.

Significant,
extended negative changes in economic conditions that impact the producers and
consumers of the commodities transported by the Company may have an adverse
effect on the Company’s operating results, financial condition or liquidity. In
addition, changes in United States and foreign government policies could change
the economic environment and affect demand for the Company’s services. For
example, changes in clean air laws or regulation of 
carbon
dioxide emissions 
could
reduce the demand for coal. Also, United States and foreign government
agriculture tariffs or subsidies could affect the demand for
grain.

As part of its
railroad operations, the Company frequently transports chemicals and other
hazardous materials.

The
Company is required to transport these commodities to the extent of its common
carrier obligation. An accidental release of these commodities could result in a
significant loss of life and extensive property damage as well as environmental
remediation obligations. The associated costs could have an adverse effect on
the Company’s operating results, financial condition or
liquidity.

Future acts of
terrorism or war, as well as the threat of war, may cause significant
disruptions in the Company’s business operations.

Terrorist
attacks, such as those that occurred on September 11, 2001, as well as the more
recent attacks on the transportation systems in Madrid, London and in India, and
any government response to those types of attacks and war or risk of war may
adversely affect the Company’s results of operations, financial condition or
liquidity. The Company’s rail lines and facilities could be direct targets or
indirect casualties of an act or acts of terror, which could cause significant
business interruption and result in increased costs and liabilities and
decreased revenues, which could have an adverse effect on its operating results
and financial condition. Such effects could be magnified if releases of
hazardous materials are involved. Any act of terror, retaliatory strike,
sustained military campaign or war or risk of war may have an adverse impact on
the Company’s operating results and financial condition by causing or resulting
in unpredictable operating or financial conditions, including disruptions of
rail lines, volatility or sustained increase of fuel prices, fuel shortages,
general economic decline and instability or weakness of financial markets. In
addition, insurance premiums charged for some or all of the coverage currently
maintained by the Company could increase dramatically or certain coverage may
not be available to the Company in the future.

The Company is
subject to stringent environmental laws and regulations, which may impose
significant costs on its business operations.

The
Company’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local
environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions to
the air; discharges to waters; the generation, handling, storage, transportation
and disposal of waste and hazardous materials; and the cleanup of hazardous
material or petroleum releases. 
Changes
to or limits on carbon dioxide emissions

could
result in significant capital expenditures to comply with these regulations.
Further, local concerns on emission
s

and
other forms of pollution 
could
inhibit the Company’s ability to build facilities in strategic locations to
facilitate growth and efficient operations. 
In
addition, many of the Company’s land holdings are and have been used for
industrial or transportation-related purposes or leased to commercial or
industrial companies whose activities may have resulted in discharges onto the
property. Environmental liability can extend to previously owned or operated