The
Company faces intense competition from rail carriers and other transportation
providers, and its failure to compete effectively could adversely affect its
results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.

The
Company operates in a highly competitive business environment. Depending on the
specific market, the Company faces intermodal, intramodal, product and
geographic competition. This competition from other railroads and motor
carriers, as well as barges, ships and pipelines in certain markets, may be
reflected in pricing, market share, level of services, reliability and other
factors. For example, the Company believes that high service truck lines, due to
their ability to deliver non-bulk products on an expedited basis, have had and
will continue to have an adverse effect on the Company’s ability to compete for
deliveries of non-bulk, time-sensitive freight. While the Company must build or
acquire and maintain its rail system, trucks and barges are able to use public
rights-of-way maintained by public entities. Any material increase in the
capacity and quality of these alternative methods or the passage of legislation
granting greater latitude to motor carriers with respect to size and weight
restrictions could have an adverse effect on the Company’s results of
operations, financial condition or liquidity. In addition, a failure to provide
the level of service required by the Company’s customers could result in loss of
business to competitors. Changes in the ports used by ocean carriers or the use
of all-water routes from the Pacific Rim to the East Coast or other changes in
the supply chain could also have an adverse affect on the Company’s volumes and
revenues. 

 1 

Downturns
in the economy could adversely affect demand for the Company’s
services.

Significant,
extended negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions that impact
the producers and consumers of the commodities transported by the Company may
have an adverse effect on the Company’s operating results, financial condition
or liquidity. Declines in or muted manufacturing activity, economic growth and
international trade all could result in reduced revenues in one or more business
units.

Negative
changes in general economic conditions could lead to disruptions in the credit
markets, increase credit risks and could adversely affect the Company’s
financial condition, liquidity or stock price.

Challenging
economic conditions may not only affect revenues due to reduced demand for many
goods and commodities, but could result in payment delays, increased credit risk
and possible bankruptcies of customers. Railroads are capital-intensive and must
finance a portion of the building and maintenance of infrastructure as well as
locomotives and other rail equipment. Economic slowdowns and related credit
market disruptions may adversely affect the Company’s cost structure, its timely
access to capital to meet financing needs and costs of its financings. The
Company could also face increased counterparty risk for its cash investments and
its hedge arrangements. Adverse economic conditions could also affect the
Company’s costs for insurance or its ability to acquire and maintain adequate
insurance coverage for risks associated with the railroad business if insurance
companies experience credit downgrades or bankruptcies. Declines in the
securities and credit markets could also affect the Company’s pension fund,
which in turn could increase funding requirements.  

As
part of its railroad operations, the Company frequently transports chemicals and
other hazardous materials, which could expose it to the risk of significant
claims, losses and penalties.

BNSF
Railway is required to transport these commodities to the extent of its common
carrier obligation. An accidental release of these commodities could result in a
significant loss of life and extensive property damage as well as environmental
remediation obligations. The associated costs could have an adverse effect on
the Company’s operating results, financial condition or liquidity as the Company
is not insured above a certain threshold. Further, the rates BNSF Railway
receives for transporting these commodities do not adequately compensate it
should there be some type of accident. In addition, insurance premiums charged
for some or all of the coverage currently maintained by the Company could
increase dramatically or certain coverage may not be available to the Company in
the future if there is a catastrophic event related to rail transportation of
these commodities. 

Acts
of terrorism or war, as well as the threat of war, may cause significant
disruptions in the Company’s business operations.

Terrorist
attacks and any government response to those types of attacks and war or risk of
war may adversely affect the Company’s results of operations, financial
condition or liquidity. The Company’s rail lines and facilities could be direct
targets or indirect casualties of an act or acts of terror, which could cause
significant business interruption and result in increased costs and liabilities
and decreased revenues, which could have an adverse effect on operating results
and financial condition. Such effects could be magnified if releases of
hazardous materials are involved. Any act of terror, retaliatory strike,
sustained military campaign or war or risk of war may have an adverse impact on
the Company’s operating results and financial condition by causing unpredictable
operating or financial conditions, including disruptions of BNSF Railway or
connecting rail lines, loss of critical customers or partners, volatility or
sustained increase of fuel prices, fuel shortages, general economic decline and
instability or weakness of financial markets. In addition, insurance premiums
charged for some or all of the coverage currently maintained by the Company
could increase dramatically, the coverage available may not adequately
compensate it for certain types of incidents and certain coverage may not be
available to the Company in the future.

 2

The
Company is subject to stringent environmental laws and regulations, which may
impose significant costs on its business operations.

The
Company’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local
environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions to
the air; discharges to waters; the generation, handling, storage, transportation
and disposal of waste and hazardous materials; and the cleanup of hazardous
material or petroleum releases. Changes to or limits on carbon dioxide emissions
could result in significant capital expenditures to comply with these
regulations with respect to BNSF Railway’s diesel locomotives, equipment,
vehicles and machinery and its yards and intermodal facilities and the cranes
and trucks serving those facilities. Emission regulations could also adversely
affect fuel efficiency and increase operating costs. Further, local concerns on
emissions and other forms of pollution could inhibit the Company’s ability to
build facilities in strategic locations to facilitate growth and efficient
operations. In addition, many land holdings are and have been used for
industrial or transportation-related purposes or leased to commercial or
industrial companies whose activities may have resulted in discharges onto the
property. Environmental liability can extend to previously owned or operated