The Company
faces intense competition from rail carriers and other transportation providers, and its failure to compete effectively could adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 

The Company operates in a highly competitive business environment. Depending on the specific
market, the Company faces intermodal, intramodal, product and geographic competition. For example, the Company believes that high service truck lines, due to their ability to deliver non-bulk products on an expedited basis, have had and will
continue to have an adverse effect on the Company’s ability to compete for deliveries of non-bulk, time-sensitive freight. While the Company must build or acquire and maintain its rail system, trucks and barges are able to use public
rights-of-way maintained by public entities. Any material increase in the scope and quality of these alternative methods or the passage of legislation granting greater latitude to motor carriers with respect to size and weight restrictions could
have an adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 

A downturn in the economy or change in government policy could negatively impact demand for the Company’s services. 

Significant, extended negative changes in economic conditions that impact the producers and consumers of the commodities transported by the
Company may have an adverse effect on the Company’s operating results, financial condition or liquidity. In addition, changes in United States and foreign government policies could change the economic environment and affect demand for the
Company’s services. For example, changes in clean air laws may impact demand for coal, and United States and foreign government agriculture subsidies may impact the demand for grain. 

As part of its railroad operations, the Company frequently transports chemicals and other hazardous materials. 

The Company is required to transport these commodities to the extent of its common carrier
obligation. An accidental release of these commodities could result in a significant loss of life and extensive property damage. The associated costs could have an adverse effect on the Company’s operating results, financial condition or
liquidity. 

Future acts of terrorism or war, as well as the threat of
war, may cause significant disruptions in the Company’s business operations. 

Terrorist attacks, such as those that occurred on September 11, 2001, as well as the more recent attacks on the transportation systems in Madrid and London, any government response to those types of attacks and
war or risk of war may adversely affect the Company’s results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. The Company’s rail lines and facilities could be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act or acts of terror, which could
cause significant business interruption and result in increased costs and liabilities and decreased revenues, which could have an adverse effect on its operating results and financial condition. Such effects could be magnified if releases of
hazardous materials are involved. Any act of terror, retaliatory strike, sustained military campaign or war or risk of war may have an adverse impact on the Company’s operating results and financial condition by causing or resulting in
unpredictable operating or financial conditions, including disruptions of rail lines, volatility or sustained increase of fuel prices, fuel shortages, general economic decline and instability or weakness of financial markets, which could restrict
the Company’s ability to raise capital. In addition, insurance premiums charged for some or all of the coverage currently maintained by the Company could increase dramatically or certain coverage may not be available to the Company in the
future. 

2 

Table of Contents

The Company is subject to stringent environmental laws and regulations, which may impose significant costs on its
business operations. 

The Company’s operations are subject to
extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions to the air; discharges to waters; the generation, handling, storage, transportation and disposal of waste and hazardous materials; and
the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. In addition, many of the Company’s land holdings are and have been used for industrial or transportation-related purposes or leased to commercial or industrial companies whose activities
may have resulted in discharges onto the property. Environmental liability can extend to previously owned or operated properties, leased properties and properties owned by third parties, as well as to properties currently owned and used by the
Company. Environmental liabilities have arisen and may continue to arise from claims asserted by adjacent landowners or other third parties in toxic tort litigation. The Company has been and may continue to be subject to allegations or findings to
the effect that it has violated, or is strictly liable under, these laws or regulations. The Company’s operating results, financial condition or liquidity could be adversely affected as a result of any of the foregoing, and it may be required
to incur significant expenses to investigate and remediate environmental contamination. The Company records liabilities for environmental cleanup when the amount of its liability is both probable and reasonably estimable. 

The Company’s future success depends on its ability to continue to comply with the
significant federal, state and local governmental regulations to which it is subject. 

The Company is subject to a significant amount of governmental regulation with respect to its rates and practices, railroad operations and a variety of health, safety, labor, environmental and other matters. Failure
to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Company. Governments may change the legislative framework within which the Company operates without providing the Company with any recourse for any adverse
effects that the change may have on its business. Also, some of the regulations require the Company to obtain and maintain various licenses, permits and other authorizations, and it cannot assure that it will continue to be able to do so. Increased
economic regulation of the rail industry could negatively impact the Company’s ability to determine prices for rail services and to make capital improvements to its rail network, resulting in an adverse effect on the Company’s results of
operations, financial condition or liquidity. 

The availability of
qualified personnel and an aging workforce may adversely affect the Company’s operations. 

Changes in demographics, training requirements and the availability of qualified personnel, particularly train crew members, could negatively impact service levels. In addition, approximately 40 percent of the
workforce will be eligible for retirement within the next 10 years. The Company’s efforts to attract and retain qualified personnel may be hindered due to increased demand in the job market. Unpredictable increases in demand for rail services
may exacerbate these risks and may have an adverse effect on the Company’s operating results, financial condition or liquidity. 

Most of the Company’s employees are represented by unions, and failure to successfully negotiate collective bargaining agreements may result in strikes, work
stoppages, or substantially higher ongoing labor costs. 

3 

Table of Contents

A significant majority of BNSF Railway’s employees are union-represented. BNSF Railway’s union employees work
under collective bargaining agreements with various labor organizations. A negotiating process for new, major collective bargaining agreements covering all of BNSF Railway’s union employees has been underway since the bargaining round was
initiated on November 1, 2004. Wages, health and welfare benefits, work rules and other issues have traditionally been addressed through industry-wide negotiations. These negotiations have generally taken place over an extended period of time
and have previously not resulted in any extended work stoppages. The existing agreements have remained in effect and will continue to remain in effect until new agreements are reached or the Railway Labor Act’s procedures (which include
mediation, cooling-off periods and the possibility of Presidential intervention) are exhausted. While the negotiations have not yet resulted in any extended work stoppages, if the Company is unable to negotiate acceptable new agreements, it could
result in strikes by the affected workers, loss of business and increased operating costs as a result of higher wages or benefits paid to union members, any of which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s operating results, financial
condition or liquidity. 

Severe weather and natural disasters could
disrupt normal business operations, which would result in increased costs and liabilities and decreases in revenues. 

The Company’s success is dependent on its ability to operate its railroad system efficiently. Severe weather and natural disasters, such as tornados, flooding and
earthquakes, could cause significant business interruptions and result in increased costs and liabilities and decreased revenues. In addition, damages to or loss of use of significant aspects of the Company’s infrastructure due to natural or
man-made disruptions could have an adverse affect on the Company’s operating results, financial condition or liquidity for an extended period of time until repairs or replacements could be made. Additionally, during natural disasters, the
Company’s workforce may be unavailable, which could result in further delays. Extreme swings in weather could also negatively affect the performance of locomotives and rolling stock. 

Fuel supply availability and fuel prices may adversely affect the Company’s results of operations, financial condition or
liquidity. 

Fuel supply availability could be impacted as a result of
limitations in refining capacity, disruptions to the supply chain, or rising global demand. A significant reduction in fuel availability could impact the Company's ability to provide transportation services at current levels, increase fuel costs and
impact the economy. Each of these factors could have an adverse effect on the Company’s operating results, financial condition or liquidity. Additionally, the Company is expected to be able to offset a significant portion of the anticipated
higher fuel costs through its fuel surcharge program in 2007. However, to the extent that the Company is unable to maintain and expand its existing fuel surcharge program, increases in fuel prices could have an adverse effect on the Company’s
operating results, financial condition or liquidity. 

The Company depends
on the stability and availability of its information technology systems. 

The Company relies on information technology in all aspects of its business. A significant disruption or failure of its information technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security violations, regulatory
compliance failures and the inability to protect corporate information assets against intruders or other operational difficulties. Although the Company has taken steps to mitigate these risks, including Business Continuity Planning, Disaster
Recovery Planning and Business Impact Analysis, a significant disruption could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. Additionally, if the Company is unable to acquire or implement new
technology, it may suffer a competitive disadvantage, which could also have an adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 

4 

Table of Contents

Personal injury claims constitute a significant expense, and increases in the amount or severity of these claims
could adversely affect the Company’s operating results. 

The
Company is subject to various personal injury claims by third parties and employees, including claims by employees who worked around asbestos until 1985, when its use at BNSF was substantially eliminated. Personal injury claims by BNSF Railway
employees are subject to the Federal Employees’ Liability Act (FELA), rather than state workers’ compensation laws. The Company believes that the FELA system, which includes unscheduled awards and a reliance on the jury system, has
contributed to increased expenses in the past. Future events, such as increases in the number of claims that are filed, developments in legislative and judicial standards and the costs of settling claims, could result in an adverse effect on the
Company’s operating results.