Before deciding to purchase, hold or sell our common stock,
 you should carefully consider the risks described below in
 addition to the other cautionary statements and risks described
 elsewhere and the other information contained in this Report and
 in our other filings with the SEC, including subsequent reports
 on
 Forms 10-Q
 and 
8-K. The
 risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we
 face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to
 us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our
 business. If any of these known or unknown risks or
 uncertainties actually occurs with material adverse effects on
 Broadcom, our business, financial condition, results of
 operations

and/or
 liquidity could be seriously harmed. In that event, the market
 price for our Class A common stock will likely decline, and
 you may lose all or part of your investment.

 17

Table of Contents

 Our
 operating results may be adversely impacted by worldwide
 political and economic uncertainties and specific conditions in
 the markets we address, including the cyclical nature of and
 volatility in the semiconductor industry. As a result, the
 market price of our Class A common stock may
 decline.

 We operate primarily in the semiconductor industry, which is
 cyclical and subject to rapid change and evolving industry
 standards. From time to time, the semiconductor industry has
 experienced significant downturns, such as the most recent
 global downturn. These downturns are characterized by decreases
 in product demand, excess customer inventories, and accelerated
 erosion of prices. These factors could cause substantial
 fluctuations in our revenue, gross margins and results of
 operations. In addition, during these downturns some competitors
 may become more aggressive in their pricing practices, which
 would adversely impact our product gross margins. Any downturns
 in the semiconductor industry may be severe and prolonged, and
 any failure of the industry or wired and wireless communications
 markets to fully recover from downturns could seriously impact
 our revenue and harm our business, financial condition and
 results of operations. The semiconductor industry also
 periodically experiences increased demand and production
 capacity constraints, which may affect our ability to ship
 products. Accordingly, our operating results may vary
 significantly as a result of the general conditions in the
 semiconductor industry, which could cause large fluctuations in
 our stock price.

 Many other factors have the potential to significantly impact
 our business, such as: concerns about inflation and deflation,
 deterioration in credit availability due to the recent financial
 crisis, volatility in energy costs, decreased consumer
 confidence, reduced corporate profits and capital spending,
 adverse business conditions and liquidity concerns in the wired
 and wireless communications markets, reduced availability of
 insurance coverage or reduced ability to pay claims by insurance
 carriers, recent international conflicts and terrorist and
 military activity, and the impact of natural disasters and
 public health emergencies. These conditions may make it
 extremely difficult for our customers, our vendors and us to
 accurately forecast and plan future business activities, and
 they could cause U.S. and foreign businesses to reduce
 spending on our products and services, which would delay and
 lengthen sales cycles. Furthermore, during challenging economic
 times our customers may face issues gaining timely access to
 sufficient credit or could even need to file for bankruptcy.
 Either of these circumstances could result in an impairment of
 their ability to make timely payments to us. If these
 circumstances were to occur, we may be required to increase our
 allowance for doubtful accounts and our days sales outstanding
 would be negatively impacted. Historically, semiconductor
 companies are several steps removed from the end-customer in the
 supply chain and have experienced growth patterns that are
 different than what the end demand might be, particularly during
 periods of high volatility. This can manifest itself in periods
 of growth in excess of their customers’ followed by periods
 of under-shipment before the volatility abates. However, given
 recent economic conditions it is possible that any correlation
 will continue to be less predictable and will result in
 increased volatility in our operating results and stock price.
 We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any
 economic slowdown or subsequent economic recovery, worldwide, in
 the semiconductor industry or in the wired and wireless
 communications markets. If the economy or markets in which we
 operate deviate from present levels or deteriorate, we may
 record additional charges related to restructuring costs and the
 impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets, and our business,
 financial condition and results of operations may be materially
 and adversely affected. Additionally, the combination of our
 lengthy sales cycle coupled with challenging macroeconomic
 conditions could have a synergistic negative impact on the
 results of our operations. The impact of market volatility is
 not limited to revenue but may also affect our product gross
 margins and other financial metrics. Such impact could be
 manifested in, but not limited to, factors such as fixed cost
 overhead absorption.

 Our
 quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly. As a
 result, we may fail to meet the expectations of securities
 analysts and investors, which could cause our stock price to
 decline.

 Our quarterly net revenue and operating results have fluctuated
 significantly in the past and are likely to continue to vary
 from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, many of
 which are not within our control. For example, recently our
 income has fluctuated from a net loss of $159.2 million for
 the three months ended December 31, 2008, to net income of
 $59.2 million for the three months ended December 31,
 2009. If our operating results do not meet the expectations of
 securities analysts or investors, who may derive their
 expectations by extrapolating data from recent historical
 operating results, the market price of our Class A common
 stock will likely decline. Fluctuations in our operating results
 may be due to a number of factors, including, but not limited

 18

Table of Contents

 to, those listed below and those identified throughout this
 “Risk Factors” section, some of which may contribute
 to more pronounced fluctuations in an uncertain global economic
 environment:

 • 

 general economic and political conditions and specific
 conditions in the markets we address, including the continuing
 volatility in the technology sector and semiconductor industry,
 the recent global economic recession, and trends in the
 broadband communications markets in various geographic regions,
 including seasonality in sales of consumer products into which
 our products are incorporated;

 • 

 the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of significant customer
 orders and our ability, as well as the ability of our customers,
 to manage inventory;

 • 

 our ability to adjust our operations in response to changes in
 demand for our existing products and services or demand for new
 products requested by our customers;

 • 

 the effectiveness of our expense and product cost control and
 reduction efforts;

 • 

 the gain or loss of a key customer, design win or order;

 • 

 our dependence on a few significant customers
 and/or
 design wins for a substantial portion of our revenue;

 • 

 our ability to specify, develop or acquire, complete, introduce,
 market and transition to volume production new products and
 technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner;

 • 

 intellectual property disputes, customer indemnification claims
 and other types of litigation risks;

 • 

 the availability and pricing of raw materials and third party
 semiconductor foundry, assembly and test capacity;

 • 

 our ability to retain, recruit and hire key executives,
 technical personnel and other employees in the positions and
 numbers, with the experience and capabilities, and at the
 compensation levels that we need to implement our business and
 product plans;

 • 

 our ability to timely and accurately predict market requirements
 and evolving industry standards and to identify and capitalize
 upon opportunities in new markets;

 • 

 the rate at which our present and future customers and end users
 adopt our technologies and products;

 • 

 changes in our product or customer mix;

 • 

 competitive pressures and other factors such as the
 qualification, availability and pricing of competing products
 and technologies and the resulting effects on sales and pricing
 of our products;

 • 

 our ability to timely and effectively transition to smaller
 geometry process technologies or achieve higher levels of design
 integration;

 • 

 the volume of our product sales and pricing concessions on
 volume sales;

 • 

 the impact of the Internal Revenue Service review of certain of
 our income and employment tax returns; and

 • 

 the effects of public health emergencies, natural disasters,
 terrorist activities, international conflicts and other events
 beyond our control.

 We expect new products to account for a high percentage of our
 future sales. The markets for some of these products are
 immature
 and/or
 unpredictable or are new markets for Broadcom. We cannot assure
 you that these markets will develop into significant
 opportunities or that we will continue to derive significant
 revenue from new products. Based on the limited amount of
 historical data available to us, it is difficult to anticipate
 our future revenue streams from, or the sustainability of, such
 newer products. Typically our new products have lower gross
 margins until we commence volume production and launch lower
 cost revisions of such products, enabling us to benefit from
 economies of scale and more efficient designs.

 Our industry is economically dynamic and the level of research
 and development investment required to remain competitive has
 been and continues to be subject to change over time. While we
 intend to manage our operations to achieve results consistent
 with our long-term financial model, it is possible that we may
 not achieve results consistent with our model due to increased
 research and development or other spending occasioned by
 changing industry dynamics.

 Additionally, as an increasing number of our chips are being
 incorporated into consumer electronic products, we anticipate
 greater seasonality and fluctuations in the demand for our
 products, which may result in greater variations in our
 quarterly operating results. Depending upon where they are in
 their product life cycle, consumer electronic products can also
 have lower prices, which could negatively impact our product
 revenue and product gross margin.

 19

Table of Contents

 We are
 subject to order and shipment uncertainties, and our ability to
 accurately forecast customer demand may be impaired by our
 lengthy sales cycle. If we are unable to accurately predict
 customer demand, we may hold excess or obsolete inventory, which
 would reduce our product gross margin. Conversely, we may have
 insufficient inventory, which would result in lost revenue
 opportunities and potentially in loss of market share and
 damaged customer relationships.

 We typically sell products pursuant to purchase orders rather
 than long-term purchase commitments. Customers can generally
 cancel, change or defer purchase orders on short notice without
 incurring a significant penalty. In the recent past, some of our
 customers have developed excess inventories of their own
 products and have, as a consequence, deferred purchase orders
 for our products. It is difficult to accurately predict what or
 how many products our customers will need in the future.
 Anticipating demand is challenging because our customers face
 volatile pricing and unpredictable demand for their own
 products, are increasingly focused on cash preservation and
 tighter inventory management, and may be involved in legal
 proceedings that could affect their ability to buy our products.

 Our ability to accurately forecast customer demand may also be
 impaired by the delays inherent in our lengthy sales cycle.
 After we have developed and delivered a product to a customer,
 the customer will usually test and evaluate our product prior to
 designing its own equipment or devices that will incorporate our
 product. Our customers may need three to more than nine months
 to test, evaluate and adopt our products and an additional three
 to more than twelve months to begin volume production of
 equipment or devices that incorporates our products. Due to this
 lengthy sales cycle, we may experience significant delays from
 the time we increase our operating expenses and make investments
 in inventory until the time that we generate revenue from these
 products. It is possible that we may never generate any revenue
 from these products after incurring such expenditures. Even if a
 customer selects our product to incorporate into its equipment
 or devices, we have no assurance that the customer will
 ultimately bring its product to market or that such effort by
 our customer will be successful. The delays inherent in our
 lengthy sales cycle increase the risk that a customer will
 decide to cancel or curtail, reduce or delay its product plans.
 If we incur significant research and development expenses,
 marketing expenses and investments in inventory in the future
 that we are not able to recover, our operating results could be
 adversely affected. In addition, as an increasing number of our
 chips are being incorporated into consumer products, we
 anticipate greater fluctuations in demand for our products,
 which makes it even more difficult to forecast customer demand.

 We place orders with our suppliers based on forecasts of
 customer demand and, in some instances, may establish buffer
 inventories to accommodate anticipated demand. Our forecasts are
 based on multiple assumptions, each of which may introduce error
 into our estimates. If we overestimate customer demand, we may
 allocate resources to manufacturing products that we may not be
 able to sell when we expect to, if at all. As a result, we could
 hold excess or obsolete inventory, which would reduce our profit
 margins and adversely affect our financial results. Conversely,
 if we underestimate customer demand or if insufficient
 manufacturing capacity is available, we could forego revenue
 opportunities and potentially lose market share and damage our
 customer relationships. In addition, any future significant
 cancellations or deferrals of product orders or the return of
 previously sold products could materially and adversely affect
 our profit margins, increase product obsolescence and restrict
 our ability to fund our operations. Furthermore, we generally
 recognize revenue upon shipment of products to a customer. If a
 customer refuses to accept shipped products or does not timely
 pay for these products, which has occurred in the past, our
 revenue and financial results could be materially and adversely
 impacted.

 In addition, a growing percentage of our inventory is maintained
 under hubbing arrangements with certain of our customers and we
 plan to continue to use these arrangements for the foreseeable
 future. Pursuant to these arrangements, we deliver products to a
 customer or a designated third party warehouse based upon the
 customer’s projected needs, but do not recognize product
 revenue unless and until the customer reports that it has
 removed our product from the warehouse to incorporate into its
 end products. Historically we have had good visibility into
 customer requirements and shipments within a quarter. However,
 if a customer does not take our products under a hubbing
 arrangement in accordance with the schedule it originally
 provided us, our predicted future revenue stream could vary
 substantially from our forecasts and our results of operations
 could be materially and adversely affected. In addition,
 distributors
 and/or
 customers with hubbing arrangements provide us periodic reports
 regarding product, price, quantity, and when products are
 shipped to their customers, as well as the quantities of

 20

Table of Contents

 our products they still have in stock. For specialized shipping
 terms we may also rely on data provided by our freight
 forwarding providers. For our royalty revenue we also rely on
 data provided by our customers. Any error in the data provided
 to us by customers, distributors or other third parties could
 lead to inaccurate reporting of our revenue, gross profit and
 net income. Additionally, since we own inventory that is
 physically located in a third party’s warehouse, our
 ability to effectively manage inventory levels may be impaired,
 causing our total inventory turns to decrease, which could
 increase expenses associated with excess and obsolete product
 and negatively impact our cash flow.

 If we
 fail to appropriately adjust our operations in response to
 changes in demand for our existing products and services or to
 the demand for new products requested by our customers, our
 business could be materially and adversely affected.

 We intend to manage our costs and expenses in the short term to
 achieve our long-term business objectives. We anticipate that in
 the long term, we may need to expand as general worldwide
 economic conditions improve. Through internal growth and
 acquisitions, we significantly increased the scope of our
 operations and expanded our workforce from 2,774 full-time
 employees and temporary workers as of December 31, 2003
 (excluding interns) to 7,407 full-time employees and
 temporary workers as of December 31, 2009 (excluding
 interns). Nonetheless, we may not be able to adjust our
 workforce and operations in a sufficiently timely manner to
 respond effectively to changes in demand for our existing
 products and services or to the demand for new products
 requested by our customers. In that event, we may be unable to
 meet competitive challenges or exploit potential market
 opportunities, and our current or future business could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 Conversely, if we expand our operations and workforce too
 rapidly in anticipation of increased demand for our products,
 and such demand does not materialize at the pace at which we
 expect, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
 We expect new products, which often require substantial research
 and development expenses, to account for a high percentage of
 our future revenue. However, some of the markets for these new
 products are immature
 and/or
 unpredictable or are new markets for Broadcom, and if these
 markets do not develop at the rates we originally anticipated or
 if we do not execute successfully, the rate of increase in our
 operating expenses may exceed the rate of increase, if any, in
 our revenue. Moreover, we may intentionally choose to increase
 the rate of our research and development expenses more rapidly
 than the increase in the rate of our revenue in the short term
 in anticipation of the long term benefits we would derive from
 such investment. However, such benefits may never materialize or
 may not be as significant as we originally believed they would
 be. For instance, during the last five years we have incurred
 substantial expenditures on the development of new products for
 the cellular handset market.

 Additionally, our operations are characterized by a high
 percentage of costs that are fixed or difficult to reduce in the
 short term, such as research and development expenses, the
 employment and training of a highly skilled workforce,
 stock-based compensation expense, and legal, accounting and
 other external fees. If we experience a slowdown in the
 semiconductor industry or the wired and wireless communications
 markets in which we operate, such as the recent slowdown, we may
 not be able to adjust our operating expenses in a sufficiently
 timely or effective manner. Although we implemented
 restructuring actions and a number of other cost saving measures
 in 2009, if the recovery from the recent slowdown is not
 sustained, our business, financial condition and results of
 operations could be materially and adversely affected and we may
 incur additional restructuring costs.

 Our past growth has placed, and any future long-term growth is
 expected to continue to place, a significant strain on our
 management personnel, systems and resources. To implement our
 current business and product plans, we will need to continue to
 expand, train, manage and motivate our workforce. All of these
 endeavors will require substantial management effort. In the
 past we have implemented an enterprise resource planning system
 to help us improve our planning and management processes, and
 implemented an equity administration system to support our more
 complex equity programs. We anticipate that we will also need to
 continue to implement a variety of new and upgraded operational
 and financial systems, including enhanced human resources
 management systems and a
 business-to-business
 solution, as well as additional procedures and other internal
 management systems. In general, the accuracy of information
 delivered by these systems may be subject to inherent
 limitations of programming quality. We may relocate our
 employees or operations from time to time. Such relocations
 could result in temporary disruptions of our operations or a
 diversion of management’s attention and resources. If we
 are

 21

Table of Contents

 unable to effectively manage our expanding operations, we may be
 unable to adjust our business quickly enough to meet competitive
 challenges or exploit potential market opportunities, or
 conversely, we may scale our business too quickly and the rate
 of increase in our expenses may exceed the rate of increase in
 our revenue, either of which would materially and adversely
 affect our current or future business.

 If we are
 unable to develop and introduce new products successfully and in
 a cost-effective and timely manner or to achieve market
 acceptance of our new products, our operating results would be
 adversely affected. Additionally, if we are unable to sustain
 our licensing revenue, our operating results would be adversely
 affected.

 Our future success is dependent upon our ability to develop new
 semiconductor products for existing and new markets, introduce
 these products in a cost-effective and timely manner, and
 convince leading manufacturers to select these products for
 design into their own new products. Our products are generally
 incorporated into our customers’ products at the design
 stage. We often incur significant expenditures on the
 development of a new product without any assurance that a
 manufacturer will select our product for design into its own
 product. Once a manufacturer designs a competitor’s product
 into its product offering, it becomes significantly more
 difficult for us to sell our products to that customer because
 changing suppliers involves significant cost, time, effort and
 risk for the customer.

 Even if a manufacturer designs one of our products into its
 product offering, we have no assurances that its product will be
 commercially successful or that we will receive any revenue from
 sales of that product. Sales of our products largely depend on
 the commercial success of our customers’ products. Our
 customers are typically not obligated to purchase our products
 and can choose at any time to stop using our products if their
 own products are not commercially successful or for any other
 reason. Any substantial delay in our customers’ product
 development plans could have a material negative impact on our
 business.

 The vast majority of our licensing revenues and related income
 to date has been derived from agreements with two customers,
 Verizon Wireless and Qualcomm. The patent license agreement
 entered into with Verizon Wireless in July 2007 and the
 four-year Qualcomm Agreement entered into in April 2009 together
 are expected to result in licensing revenue and related income
 that is expected to total $1.056 billion over a seven year
 period. From July 2007 through December 2009, we have recorded
 licensing revenue from our agreement with Verizon Wireless and
 income from the Qualcomm Agreement of $370.6 million. From
 January 2010 through March 2013, we expect to record income from
 the Qualcomm Agreement of $685.8 million. The licensing
 revenue from our agreement with Verizon Wireless has ended and
 the income from the Qualcomm Agreement is non-recurring and will
 terminate in 2013. There can be no assurances that we will be
 able to enter into similar arrangements in the future, or that
 we will be able to successfully collect the remaining payments
 due to us under the Qualcomm Agreement in the event of a default
 by Qualcomm.

 Our historical results have been, and we expect that our future
 results will continue to be, dependent on the introduction of a
 relatively small number of new products and the timely
 completion and delivery of those products to customers. The
 development of new silicon devices is highly complex, and from
 time to time we have experienced delays in completing the
 development and introduction of new products or lower than
 anticipated manufacturing yields in the early production of such
 products. If we were to experience any similar delays in the
 successful completion of a new product or similar reductions in
 our manufacturing yields for a new product in the future, our
 customer relationships, reputation and business could be
 seriously harmed.

 In addition, the development and introduction of new products
 often requires substantial research and development resources.
 As a result, we may choose to discontinue one or more products
 or product development programs to dedicate more resources to
 new products. The discontinuation of an existing or planned
 product may materially and adversely affect our relationship
 with our customers, including customers who may purchase more
 than one product from us.

 Our ability to develop and deliver new products successfully
 will depend on various factors, including our ability to:

 • 

 timely and accurately predict market requirements and evolving
 industry standards;

 22

Table of Contents

 • 

 accurately define new products;

 • 

 timely and effectively identify and capitalize upon
 opportunities in new markets;

 • 

 timely complete and introduce new product designs;

 • 

 adjust our operations in response to changes in demand for our
 products and services or the demand for new products requested
 by our customers;

 • 

 license any desired third party technology or intellectual
 property rights;

 • 

 effectively develop and integrate technologies from companies
 that we have acquired;

 • 

 timely qualify and obtain industry interoperability
 certification of our products and the products of our customers
 into which our products will be incorporated;

 • 

 obtain sufficient foundry capacity and packaging materials;

 • 

 achieve high manufacturing yields; and

 • 

 shift our products to smaller geometry process technologies to
 achieve lower cost and higher levels of design integration.

 In some of our businesses, our ability to develop and deliver
 products successfully and in a timely manner may depend in part
 on access to information, or licenses of technology or
 intellectual property rights, from companies that are our
 competitors. We cannot assure you that such information or
 licenses will be made available to us on a timely basis, if at
 all, or at reasonable cost and on commercially reasonable terms.

 If we are not able to develop and introduce new products
 successfully and in a cost effective and timely manner, we will
 be unable to attract new customers or to retain our existing
 customers, as these customers may transition to other companies
 that can meet their product development needs, which would
 materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

 Our
 acquisition strategy may result in unanticipated accounting
 charges or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations,
 and result in difficulties in assimilating and integrating the
 operations, personnel, technologies, products and information
 systems of acquired companies or businesses, or be dilutive to
 existing shareholders. In addition, completing and integrating
 acquisitions can be costly.

 A key element of our business strategy involves expansion
 through the acquisitions of businesses, assets, products or
 technologies that allow us to complement our existing product
 offerings, expand our market coverage, increase our engineering
 workforce or enhance our technological capabilities. We have
 historically acquired numerous companies and certain assets of
 other businesses. We continually evaluate and explore strategic
 opportunities as they arise, including business combination
 transactions, strategic partnerships, and the purchase or sale
 of assets, including tangible and intangible assets such as
 intellectual property.

 Acquisitions may require significant capital infusions,
 typically entail many risks, and could result in difficulties in
 assimilating and integrating the operations, personnel,
 technologies, products and information systems of acquired
 companies or businesses. We have in the past, and may in the
 future experience delays in the timing and successful
 integration of an acquired company’s technologies and
 product development through volume production, unanticipated
 costs and expenditures, changing relationships with customers,
 suppliers and strategic partners, or contractual, intellectual
 property or employment issues. In addition, key personnel of an
 acquired company may decide not to work for us. Moreover, to the
 extent we acquire a company with existing products, those
 products may have lower gross margins than our customary
 products, which could adversely affect our gross margin and
 operating results. If an acquired company also has inventory
 that we assume, we will be required to write up the carrying
 value of that inventory to fair value. When that inventory is
 sold, the gross margin for those products will be nominal and
 our gross margin for that period will be negatively affected.
 The acquisition of another company or its products and
 technologies may also require us to enter into a geographic or
 business market in which we have little or no prior experience.
 These challenges could disrupt our ongoing business, distract
 our management and employees, harm our reputation and increase
 our expenses. These challenges are magnified as the size of the
 acquisition increases. Furthermore, these challenges would be
 even greater if we acquired a business or entered into a
 business combination transaction with a company that was larger
 and more difficult to integrate than the companies we have
 historically acquired.

 23

Table of Contents

 Acquisitions can result in increased debt or contingent
 liabilities, adverse tax consequences, additional stock-based
 compensation expense, and the recording and later amortization
 of amounts related to certain purchased intangible assets, any
 of which items could negatively impact our results of
 operations. In addition, we may record goodwill and other
 purchased intangible assets in connection with an acquisition
 and incur impairment charges in the future. For example, we have
 previously recorded goodwill and long-lived asset impairment
 charges in connection with various acquisitions related to our
 Mobile Platforms reporting unit and with respect to our
 acquisition of the DTV Business of AMD. If our actual results,
 or the plans and estimates used in future impairment analyses,
 are less favorable than the original estimates used to assess
 the recoverability of these assets, we could incur additional
 impairment charges. Any of these types of charges could cause
 the price of our Class A common stock to decline. As of
 January 1, 2009, the accounting for business combinations
 has changed. In connection with the new guidance, previously
 capitalized acquisition costs incurred in connection with a
 business combination are now expensed as incurred. In addition,
 previously expensed in-process research and development costs
 are now capitalized. These in-process research and development
 costs are subsequently tested for impairment prior to achieving
 technological feasibility and are amortized to expense upon
 achieving technological feasibility. If the in-process research
 and development program is abandoned, the capitalized costs are
 expensed immediately. We expect that the new requirements will
 have an impact on our consolidated financial statements, but the
 nature and magnitude of the specific effects will depend upon
 the nature, terms, size and results of operations of any future
 acquisitions.

 Acquisitions or asset purchases made entirely or partially for
 cash may reduce our cash reserves. We may seek to obtain
 additional cash to fund an acquisition by selling equity or debt
 securities. Any issuance of equity or convertible debt
 securities may be dilutive to our existing shareholders. In
 addition, the equity or debt securities that we may issue could
 have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our
 Class A
 and/or
 Class B common stock. For example, as a consequence of the
 prior

pooling-of-interests
 accounting rules, the securities issued in nine of our
 acquisitions were shares of Class B common stock, which
 have voting rights superior to those of our publicly traded
 Class A common stock.

 We cannot assure you that we will be able to consummate any
 pending or future acquisitions or that we will realize any
 anticipated benefits from these acquisitions. We may not be able
 to find suitable acquisition opportunities that are available at
 attractive valuations, if at all. Even if we do find suitable
 acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to consummate the
 acquisitions on commercially acceptable terms, and any decline
 in the price of our Class A common stock may make it
 significantly more difficult and expensive to initiate or
 consummate additional acquisitions. In addition, acquisitions
 may involve significant transaction expenses which are expensed
 as incurred and may negatively affect our operating expenses.

 Changes
 in current or future laws or regulations or the imposition of
 new laws or regulations, including new or changed tax
 regulations or new interpretations thereof, by federal or state
 agencies or foreign governments could adversely affect our
 results of operations, impede the sale of our products or
 otherwise harm our business.

 Changes in current laws or regulations applicable to us or the
 imposition of new laws and regulations in the United States or
 elsewhere could materially and adversely affect our business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 We currently operate under tax holidays and favorable tax
 incentives in certain foreign jurisdictions. For instance, in
 Singapore we operate under tax holidays that reduce taxes on
 substantially all of our operating income in that jurisdiction.
 Such tax holidays and incentives often require us to meet
 specified employment and investment criteria in such
 jurisdictions. We cannot assure you that we will continue to
 meet such criteria or enjoy such tax holidays and incentives, or
 realize any net tax benefits from these tax holidays or
 incentives. If any of our tax holidays or incentives are
 terminated, our results of operations may be materially and
 adversely affected. Additionally, potential future U.S. tax
 legislation could impact the tax benefits we effectively realize
 from our tax holidays and tax incentives.

 A decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth
 Circuit on May 27, 2009 in the case between Xilinx, Inc.
 and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue overturned a 2005
 U.S. Tax Court ruling regarding treatment of certain
 compensation expenses under a company’s research and
 development cost-sharing arrangements with

 24

Table of Contents

 affiliates. The Court of Appeals held that related parties to
 such an arrangement must share stock option costs,
 notwithstanding the fact that unrelated parties in such an
 arrangement would not share such costs. On January 13,
 2010, the Court of Appeals withdrew the May 27, 2009 ruling
 and announced that it will reconsider the matter at a future
 date to be determined. In accounting for income tax
 uncertainties, only information that is available at our
 reporting date of December 31, 2009 can be considered in
 measuring our tax position. Accordingly, the accounting impact
 of the withdrawal of the Xilinx ruling will be reflected in our
 consolidated financial statements for the period ending
 March 31, 2010. The potential impact to Broadcom, should
 the Internal Revenue Service prevail, of including such
 stock-based compensation expenses in our research and
 development cost-sharing arrangements would be additional income
 for federal and state purposes from January 1, 2001
 forward, and may result in additional related federal and state
 income and franchise taxes, and material adjustments to our
 federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, our federal
 and state capitalized research and development costs and our
 deferred tax positions. We are subject to ongoing examination of
 our income tax returns in the United States and other
 jurisdictions. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these
 audits to determine the appropriateness of our provision for
 income taxes, but there can be no assurance that the outcomes
 from these audits will not have an adverse effect on our
 operating results.

 The effects of regulation on our customers or the industries in
 which they operate may materially and adversely impact our
 business. For example, the Federal Communications Commission has
 broad jurisdiction in the United States. Although current FCC
 regulations and the laws and regulations of other federal or
 state agencies are not directly applicable to our products, they
 do apply to many of the devices into which our products are
 incorporated. FCC regulatory policies that affect the ability of
 cable or satellite operators or telephone companies to offer
 certain services to their customers or other aspects of their
 business may impede sales of our products in the United States.
 For example, in the past we have experienced delays when
 products incorporating our chips failed to comply with FCC
 emissions specifications.

 In addition, we and our customers are subject to various import
 and export laws and regulations. Changes in or violations of
 such regulations could materially and adversely affect our
 business, financial condition and results of operations.
 Additionally, various government export regulations apply to the
 encryption or other features contained in some of our products.
 We have made numerous filings and applied for and received a
 number of export licenses under these regulations. However, if
 we fail to continue to receive licenses or otherwise comply with
 these regulations, we may be unable to manufacture the affected
 products at foreign foundries or ship these products to certain
 customers, or we may incur penalties or fines or our business,
 financial condition or results of operations may be otherwise
 adversely affected.

 We and our customers may also be subject to regulation by
 countries other than the United States. Foreign governments may
 impose tariffs, duties and other import restrictions on
 components that we obtain from non-domestic suppliers and may
 impose export restrictions on products that we sell
 internationally. These tariffs, duties or restrictions could
 materially and adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 Due to environmental concerns, the use of lead and other
 hazardous substances in electronic components and systems is
 receiving increased attention. In response, the European Union
 passed the Restriction on Hazardous Substances, or RoHS,
 Directive, legislation that limits the use of lead and other
 hazardous substances in electrical equipment. The RoHS Directive
 became effective July 1, 2006. We believe that our current
 product designs and material supply chains are in compliance
 with the RoHS Directive.

 25

Table of Contents

 Because
 we depend on a few significant customers and/or design wins for
 a substantial portion of our revenue, the loss of a key customer
 or design win or any significant delay in our customers’
 product development plans could seriously impact our revenue and
 harm our business. In addition, if we are unable to continue to
 sell existing and new products to our key customers in
 significant quantities or to attract new significant customers,
 our future operating results could be adversely
 affected.

 We have derived a substantial portion of our past revenue from
 sales to a relatively small number of customers. As a result,
 the loss of any significant customer could materially and
 adversely affect our financial condition and results of
 operations.

 Sales to our five largest customers represented 34.6%, 35.8% and
 39.7% of our total net revenue in 2009, 2008 and 2007,
 respectively. We expect that our largest customers will continue
 to account for a substantial portion of our total net revenue in
 2010 and for the foreseeable future. The identities of our
 largest customers and their respective contributions to our net
 revenue have varied and will likely continue to vary from period
 to period.

 A significant portion of our revenue may also depend on a single
 product design win with a large customer. As a result, the loss
 of any such key design win or any significant delay in the ramp
 of volume production of the customer’s products into which
 our product is designed could materially and adversely affect
 our financial condition and results of operations. In addition,
 these key design wins are often with large customers who have
 significantly greater financial, sales, marketing and other
 resources than we have and greater bargaining and pricing power,
 which could materially and adversely affect our operating
 margins.

 We may not be able to maintain or increase sales to certain of
 our key customers or continue to secure key design wins for a
 variety of reasons, including the following:

 • 

 most of our customers can stop incorporating our products into
 their own products with limited notice to us and suffer little
 or no penalty;

 • 

 our agreements with our customers typically do not require them
 to purchase a minimum quantity of our products;

 • 

 many of our customers have pre-existing or concurrent
 relationships with our current or potential competitors that may
 affect the customers’ decisions to purchase our products;

 • 

 our customers face intense competition from other manufacturers
 that do not use our products;

 • 

 some of our customers may choose to consolidate their supply
 sources to our detriment; and

 • 

 some of our customers offer or may offer products that compete
 with our products.

 These relationships often require us to develop new products
 that may involve significant technological challenges. Our
 customers frequently place considerable pressure on us to meet
 their tight development schedules. Accordingly, we may have to
 devote a substantial portion of our resources to strategic
 relationships, which could detract from or delay our completion
 of other important development projects or the development of
 other products and technologies. Delays in development could
 impair our relationships with strategic customers and negatively
 impact sales of the products under development.

 In addition, our longstanding relationships with some larger
 customers may also deter other potential customers who compete
 with these customers from buying our products. To attract new
 customers or retain existing customers, we may offer certain
 customers favorable prices on our products. We may have to offer
 the same lower prices to certain of our customers who have
 contractual “most favored nation” pricing
 arrangements. In that event, our average selling prices and
 gross margins would decline. The loss of a key customer or
 design win, a reduction in sales to any key customer, a
 significant delay in our customers’ product development
 plans or our inability to attract new significant customers or
 secure new key design wins could seriously impact our revenue
 and materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

 We face
 intense competition in the semiconductor industry and the wired
 and wireless communications markets, which could reduce our
 market share in existing markets, affect our entry into new
 markets and may cause average selling prices and gross margins
 to decline.

 The semiconductor industry and the wired and wireless
 communications markets are intensely competitive. We expect
 competition to continue to increase as industry standards become
 well known and as other competitors

 26

Table of Contents

 enter our business. We currently compete with a number of major
 domestic and international suppliers of integrated circuits and
 related applications. We also compete with suppliers of
 system-level and motherboard-level solutions incorporating
 integrated circuits that are proprietary or sourced from
 manufacturers other than Broadcom. We also may face competition
 from newly established competitors, suppliers of products based
 on new or emerging technologies, and customers who choose to
 develop their own semiconductor solutions. We expect to
 encounter further consolidation in the markets in which we
 compete.

 Many of our competitors operate their own fabrication facilities
 and have longer operating histories and presences in key
 markets, greater name recognition, larger customer bases, and
 significantly greater financial, sales and marketing,
 manufacturing, distribution, technical and other resources than
 we do. These competitors may be able to adapt more quickly to
 new or emerging technologies and changes in customer
 requirements. They may also be able to devote greater resources
 to the promotion and sale of their products. In addition,
 current and potential competitors have established or may
 establish financial or strategic relationships among themselves
 or with existing or potential customers, resellers or other
 third parties. Accordingly, new competitors or alliances among
 competitors could emerge and rapidly acquire significant market
 share. Existing or new competitors may also develop technologies
 that more effectively address our markets with products that
 offer enhanced features and functionality, lower power
 requirements, greater levels of integration or lower cost.
 Increased competition has resulted in and is likely to continue
 to result in declining average selling prices, reduced gross
 margins and loss of market share in certain markets. We cannot
 assure you that we will be able to continue to compete
 successfully against current or new competitors. If we do not
 compete successfully, we may lose market share in our existing
 markets and our revenues may fail to increase or may decline.

 Intellectual
 property risks and third party claims of infringement,
 misappropriation of proprietary rights or other claims against
 us could adversely affect our ability to market our products,
 require us to redesign our products or seek licenses from third
 parties, and seriously harm our operating results. In addition,
 the defense of such claims could result in significant costs and
 divert the attention of our management or other key
 employees.

 Companies in and related to the semiconductor industry and the
 wired and wireless communications markets often aggressively
 protect and pursue their intellectual property rights. There are
 various intellectual property risks associated with developing
 and producing new products and entering new markets, and we may
 not be able to obtain, at reasonable cost and upon commercially
 reasonable terms, licenses to the intellectual property of
 others that is alleged to read on such new or existing products.
 From time to time, we have received, and may continue to
 receive, notices that claim we have infringed upon,
 misappropriated or misused other parties’ proprietary
 rights. Moreover, in the past we have been and we currently are
 engaged in litigation with parties that claim that we infringed
 their patents or misappropriated or misused their trade secrets.
 In addition, we or our customers may be sued by other parties
 that claim that our products have infringed their patents or
 that we or our current or former employees have misappropriated
 or misused their trade secrets, or which may seek to invalidate
 one or more of our patents. An adverse determination in any of
 these types of disputes could prevent us from manufacturing or
 selling some of our products, limit or restrict the type of work
 that employees involved in such litigation may perform for
 Broadcom, increase our costs of revenue, and expose us to
 significant liability. Any of these claims or litigation may
 materially and adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations. For example, in a patent or
 trade secret action, a court could issue a preliminary or
 permanent injunction that would require us to withdraw or recall
 certain products from the market, redesign certain products
 offered for sale or under development, or restrict employees
 from performing work in their areas of expertise. We may also be
 liable for damages for past infringement and royalties for
 future use of the technology, and we may be liable for treble
 damages if infringement is found to have been willful. In
 addition, governmental agencies may commence investigations or
 criminal proceedings against our employees, former employees
 and/or the
 company relating to claims of misappropriation or misuse of
 another party’s proprietary rights. We may also have to
 indemnify some customers and strategic partners under our
 agreements with such parties if a third party alleges or if a
 court finds that our products or activities have infringed upon,
 misappropriated or misused another party’s proprietary
 rights. We have received requests from certain customers and
 strategic partners to include increasingly broad indemnification
 provisions in our agreements with them. These indemnification
 provisions may, in some circumstances, extend our liability
 beyond the products we provide to include liability for
 combinations of components or system level designs and

 27

Table of Contents

 for consequential damages
 and/or lost
 profits. Even if claims or litigation against us are not valid
 or successfully asserted, these claims could result in
 significant costs and diversion of the attention of management
 and other key employees to defend. Additionally, we have sought
 and may in the future seek to obtain licenses under other
 parties’ intellectual property rights and have granted and
 may in the future grant licenses to certain of our intellectual
 property rights to others in connection with cross-license
 agreements or settlements of claims or actions asserted against
 us. However, we may not be able to obtain licenses under another
 party’s intellectual property rights on commercially
 reasonable terms, if at all. In addition, any other rights that
 we grant to competitors may increase their ability to compete in
 the marketplace.

 Our products may contain technology provided to us by other
 parties such as contractors, suppliers or customers. We may have
 little or no ability to determine in advance whether such
 technology infringes the intellectual property rights of a third
 party. Our contractors, suppliers and licensors may not be
 required to indemnify us in the event that a claim of
 infringement is asserted against us, or they may be required to
 indemnify us only up to a maximum amount, above which we would
 be responsible for any further costs or damages. In addition, we
 may have little or no ability to correct errors in the
 technology provided by such contractors, suppliers and
 licensors, or to continue to develop new generations of such
 technology. Accordingly, we may be dependent on their ability
 and willingness to do so. In the event of a problem with such
 technology, or in the event that our rights to use such
 technology become impaired, we may be unable to ship our
 products containing such technology, and may be unable to
 replace the technology with a suitable alternative within the
 time frame needed by our customers.

 We may
 not be able to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual
 property rights, which could harm our competitive
 position.

 Our success and future revenue growth will depend, in part, on
 our ability to protect our intellectual property. We primarily
 rely on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as
 well as nondisclosure agreements and other methods, to protect
 our proprietary technologies and processes. Despite our efforts
 to protect our proprietary technologies and processes, it is
 possible that competitors or other unauthorized third parties
 may obtain, copy, use or disclose our technologies and
 processes. We currently hold more than 3,800 U.S. and more
 than 1,550 foreign patents and more than 7,800 additional
 U.S. and foreign pending patent applications. However, we
 cannot assure you that any additional patents will be issued.
 Even if a new patent is issued, the claims allowed may not be
 sufficiently broad to protect our technology. In addition, any
 of our existing or future patents may be challenged, invalidated
 or circumvented. As such, any rights granted under these patents
 may not provide us with meaningful protection. We may not be
 able to obtain foreign patents or file pending applications
 corresponding to our U.S. patents and patent applications.
 Even if foreign patents are granted, effective enforcement in
 foreign countries may not be available. If our patents do not
 adequately protect our technology, our competitors may be able
 to offer products similar to ours. Our competitors may also be
 able to develop similar technology independently or design
 around our patents. Some or all of our patents have in the past
 been licensed and likely will in the future be licensed to
 certain of our competitors through cross-license agreements.
 Moreover, because we have participated and continue to
 participate in developing various industry standards, we may be
 required to license some of our patents to others, including
 competitors, who develop products based on those standards.

 Certain of our software (as well as that of our customers) may
 be derived from so-called “open source” software that
 is generally made available to the public by its authors
 and/or other
 third parties. Such open source software is often made available
 under licenses, such as the GNU General Public License, or GPL,
 which impose certain obligations on us in the event we were to
 distribute derivative works of the open source software. These
 obligations may require us to make source code for the
 derivative works available to the public,

and/or
 license such derivative works under a particular type of
 license, rather than the forms of license customarily used to
 protect our intellectual property. In addition, there is little
 or no legal precedent for interpreting the terms of certain of
 these open source licenses, including the determination of which
 works are subject to the terms of such licenses. While we
 believe we have complied with our obligations under the various
 applicable licenses for open source software, in the event that
 the copyright holder of any open source software were to
 successfully establish in court that we had not complied with
 the terms of a license for a particular work, we could be
 required to release the source code of that work to the public

and/or stop
 distribution of that work. With respect to our proprietary
 software, we

 28

Table of Contents

 generally license such software under terms that prohibit
 combining it with open source software as described above.
 Despite these restrictions, parties may combine Broadcom
 proprietary software with open source software without our
 authorization, in which case we might nonetheless be required to
 release the source code of our proprietary software.

 We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our
 employees, consultants and strategic partners. We also try to
 control access to and distribution of our technologies,
 documentation and other proprietary information. Despite these
 efforts, internal or external parties may attempt to copy,
 disclose, obtain or use our products, services or technology
 without our authorization. Also, current or former employees may
 seek employment with our business partners, customers or
 competitors, and we cannot assure you that the confidential
 nature of our proprietary information will be maintained in the
 course of such future employment. Additionally, current,
 departing or former employees or third parties could attempt to
 penetrate our computer systems and networks to misappropriate
 our proprietary information and technology or interrupt our
 business. Because the techniques used by computer hackers and
 others to access or sabotage networks change frequently and
 generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we
 may be unable to anticipate, counter or ameliorate these
 techniques. As a result, our technologies and processes may be
 misappropriated, particularly in countries where laws may not
 protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States.

 In addition, some of our customers have entered into agreements
 with us that grant them the right to use our proprietary
 technology if we fail to fulfill our obligations, including
 product supply obligations, under those agreements, and if we do
 not correct the failure within a specified time period. Also,
 some customers may require that we make certain intellectual
 property available to our competitors so that the customer has a
 choice among semiconductor vendors for solutions to be
 incorporated into the customer’s products. Moreover, we
 often incorporate the intellectual property of strategic
 customers into our own designs, and have certain obligations not
 to use or disclose their intellectual property without their
 authorization.

 We cannot assure you that our efforts to prevent the
 misappropriation or infringement of our intellectual property or
 the intellectual property of our customers will succeed.
 Identifying unauthorized use of our products and technologies is
 difficult and time consuming. We have in the past been and
 currently are engaged in litigation to enforce or defend our
 intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, or
 determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of
 others, including our customers. It is possible that the advent
 of or developments in such litigation may adversely affect our
 relationships and agreements with certain customers that are
 either involved in such litigation or also have business
 relationships with the party with whom we are engaged in
 litigation. Such litigation (and the settlement thereof) has
 been and will likely continue to be very expensive and time
 consuming. Additionally, any litigation can divert the attention
 of management and other key employees from the operation of the
 business, which could negatively impact our business and results
 of operations.

 The
 complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or
 expenses and in undetected defects, or bugs, which could damage
 our reputation with current or prospective customers, result in
 significant costs and claims, and adversely affect the market
 acceptance of new products.

 Highly complex products such as the products that we offer
 frequently contain hardware or software defects or bugs when
 they are first introduced or as new versions are released. Our
 products have previously experienced, and may in the future
 experience, these defects and bugs. If any of our products
 contains defects or bugs, or has reliability, quality or
 compatibility problems, our reputation may be damaged and
 customers may be reluctant to buy our products, which could
 materially and adversely affect our ability to retain existing
 customers and attract new customers. In addition, these defects
 or bugs could interrupt or delay sales or shipment of our
 products to customers. To alleviate these problems, we may have
 to invest significant capital and other resources. Although our
 products are tested by us, our subcontractors, suppliers and
 customers, it is possible that new products will contain defects
 or bugs. If any of these problems are not found until after we
 have commenced commercial production of a new product, we may be
 required to incur additional development costs and product
 recall, repair or field replacement costs. These problems may
 divert our technical and other resources from other development
 efforts and could result in claims against us by our customers
 or others, including possible claims for consequential damages
 and/or lost
 profits. Moreover, we may lose, or experience a delay in, market
 acceptance of the affected product or products, and we could
 lose credibility with our current and prospective customers. In
 addition, system

 29

Table of Contents

 and handset providers that purchase components may require that
 we assume liability for defects associated with products
 produced by their manufacturing subcontractors and require that
 we provide a warranty for defects or other problems which may
 arise at the system level.

 We may be
 unable to attract, retain or motivate key senior management and
 technical personnel, which could seriously harm our
 business.

 Our future success depends to a significant extent upon the
 continued service of our key senior management personnel,
 including our Chief Executive Officer and other senior
 executives. We have employment agreements with our Chief
 Executive Officer and certain other executive officers; however
 the agreements do not govern the length of their service with
 Broadcom. We do not have employment agreements with most of our
 elected officers, or any other key employees, although we do
 have limited change in control severance benefit arrangements in
 place with certain executives. The loss of the services of key
 senior management or technical personnel could materially and
 adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
 of operations. For instance, if certain of these individuals
 were to leave our company unexpectedly, we could face
 substantial difficulty in hiring qualified successors and could
 experience a loss in productivity during the search for and
 while any such successor is integrated into our business and
 operations.

 Furthermore, our future success depends on our ability to
 continue to attract, retain and motivate senior management and
 qualified technical personnel, particularly software engineers,
 digital circuit designers, RF and mixed-signal circuit designers
 and systems applications engineers. Competition for these
 employees is intense. If we are unable to attract, retain and
 motivate such personnel in sufficient numbers and on a timely
 basis, we will experience difficulty in implementing our current
 business and product plans. In that event, we may be unable to
 successfully meet competitive challenges or to exploit potential
 market opportunities, which could adversely affect our business
 and results of operations.

 We have recently effected a number of cost saving measures and
 implemented a restructuring plan, both of which could negatively
 impact employee morale. Over the last few years we have also
 modified our compensation policies by increasing cash
 compensation to certain employees and instituting awards of
 restricted stock units, while simultaneously reducing awards of
 stock options. These modifications of our compensation policies
 and the requirement to expense the fair value of equity awards
 to employees have increased our operating expenses. However,
 because we are mindful of the dilutive impact of our equity
 awards, we currently intend to further reduce the number of
 equity awards granted to employees over time to conform to our
 model of stock-based compensation expense as 5% of net revenue.
 While this may have a positive impact on our operating expenses
 over time, it may negatively impact employee morale and our
 ability to attract, retain and motivate employees. Our inability
 to attract and retain additional key employees and any increase
 in stock-based compensation expense could each have an adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition and results of
 operations.

 We depend
 on third-party subcontractors to fabricate, assemble and test
 substantially all of our products. If any of our subcontractors
 experience production disruptions or financial difficulties,
 shipments of our products may be affected, which could adversely
 impact customer relationships or impair sales. Furthermore, any
 failure to secure and maintain sufficient foundry capacity could
 materially and adversely affect our business.

 We do not own or operate an assembly or test facility. Eight
 third-party subcontractors located in Asia assemble and test
 substantially all of our current products. Because we rely on
 third-party subcontractors to perform these functions, we cannot
 directly control our product delivery schedules and quality
 assurance. This lack of control could result in product
 shortages or quality assurance problems. These issues could
 delay shipments of our products or increase our assembly or
 testing costs.

 We do not have long-term agreements with any of our assembly or
 test subcontractors and typically procure services from these
 suppliers on a per order basis. If any of them experience
 financial difficulties, suffer any damage to facilities,
 experience power outages or any other disruption of assembly or
 testing capacity, we may not be able to obtain alternative
 assembly and testing services in a timely manner, or at all. Due
 to the amount of time that it usually takes to qualify
 assemblers and testers, we could experience significant delays
 in product shipments if we

 30

Table of Contents

 are required to find alternative assemblers or testers for our
 components. Any problems that we may encounter with the
 delivery, quality or cost of our products could damage our
 customer relationships and materially and adversely affect our
 results of operations. We are continuing to develop
 relationships with additional third-party subcontractors to
 assemble and test our products. However, even if we use these
 new subcontractors, we will continue to be subject to all of the
 risks described above.

 Similarly, we do not own or operate a fabrication facility. Five
 third-party foundry subcontractors located in Asia manufacture
 substantially all of our semiconductor devices in current
 production. Availability of foundry capacity has at times in the
 past been, and may in the future be, reduced due to strong
 demand. Additionally, due to the recent global economic
 environment it is possible that our foundry subcontractors could
 experience financial difficulties that would impede their
 ability to operate effectively. If we are unable to secure
 sufficient capacity at our existing foundries, or in the event
 of a closure at any of these foundries, our product revenue,
 cost of product revenue and results of operations would be
 negatively impacted.

 If any of our foundries experiences a shortage in capacity,
 suffers any damage to its facilities due to earthquake, typhoon
 or other natural disaster, suffers a public health emergency,
 experiences power outages, suffers an adverse outcome in pending
 or future litigation, or encounters financial difficulties or
 any other disruption of foundry capacity, we may encounter
 supply delays or disruptions, and we may need to qualify an
 alternative foundry. Our current foundries need to have new
 manufacturing processes qualified if there is a disruption in an
 existing process. We typically require several months to qualify
 a new foundry or process before we can begin shipping products
 from it. If we cannot accomplish this qualification in a timely
 manner, we may experience a significant interruption in supply
 of the affected products.

 Because we rely on outside foundries, we face several
 significant risks in addition to those discussed above,
 including:

 • 

 a lack of guaranteed wafer supply and higher wafer prices,
 particularly in light of the recent volatility in the
 commodities markets, which has the impact of increasing the cost
 of materials used in production of wafers;

 • 

 limited control over delivery schedules, quality assurance,
 manufacturing yields and production costs and other
 terms; and

 • 

 the limited availability of, or potential delays in obtaining
 access to, key process technologies.

 The manufacture of integrated circuits is a highly complex and
 technologically demanding process. Although we work closely with
 our foundries to minimize the likelihood of reduced
 manufacturing yields, our foundries have from time to time
 experienced lower than anticipated manufacturing yields. This
 often occurs during the production of new products or the
 installation and
 start-up of
 new process technologies. Poor yields from our foundries could
 result in product shortages or delays in product shipments,
 which could seriously harm our relationships with our customers
 and materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

 The ability of each foundry to provide us with semiconductor
 devices is limited by its available capacity and existing
 obligations. Although we have entered into contractual
 commitments to supply specified levels of products to some of
 our customers, we do not have a long-term volume purchase
 agreement or a significant guaranteed level of production
 capacity with any of our foundries. Foundry capacity may not be
 available when we need it or at reasonable prices. Availability
 of foundry capacity has in the past been reduced from time to
 time due to strong demand. Foundries can allocate capacity to
 the production of other companies’ products and reduce
 deliveries to us on short notice. It is possible that foundry
 customers that are larger and better financed than we are, or
 that have long-term agreements with our main foundries, may
 induce our foundries to reallocate capacity to them. This
 reallocation could impair our ability to secure the supply of
 components that we need. Although we use five independent
 foundries to manufacture substantially all of our semiconductor
 products, each component is typically manufactured at only one
 or two foundries at any given time, and if any of our foundries
 is unable to provide us with components as needed and under
 acceptable terms, we could experience significant delays in
 securing sufficient supplies of those components. Also, our
 third party foundries typically migrate capacity to newer,
 state-of-the-art
 manufacturing processes on a regular basis, which may create
 capacity shortages for our products designed to be manufactured
 on an older process. We cannot assure you that any of our
 existing or new foundries will be able to produce integrated
 circuits with acceptable manufacturing yields, or that our
 foundries will be able

 31

Table of Contents

 to deliver enough semiconductor devices to us on a timely basis,
 or on reasonable terms or at reasonable prices. These and other
 related factors could impair our ability to meet our
 customers’ needs and have a material and adverse effect on
 our business, financial condition and results of operations.

 Although we may utilize new foundries for other products in the
 future, in using any new foundries we will be subject to all of
 the risks described in the foregoing paragraphs with respect to
 our current foundries.

 As our
 international business expands, we are increasingly exposed to
 various legal, business, political and economic risks associated
 with our international operations.

 We currently obtain substantially all of our manufacturing,
 assembly and testing services from suppliers located outside the
 United States. In addition, 52.6%, 41.8% and 35.9% of our
 product revenue in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, was
 derived from product sales to independent customers outside the
 United States, excluding foreign subsidiaries or manufacturing
 subcontractors of customers that are headquartered in the United
 States. We also frequently ship products to our domestic
 customers’ international manufacturing divisions and
 subcontractors. Products shipped to international destinations,
 primarily in Asia, represented 94.8%, 91.8% and 88.3% of our
 product revenue in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. We also
 undertake design and development activities in Belgium, Canada,
 China, Denmark, France, Greece, India, Israel, Japan, Korea, the
 Netherlands, Spain, Taiwan and the United Kingdom, among other
 locations. In addition, we undertake various sales and marketing
 activities through regional offices in a number of countries. We
 intend to continue to expand our international business
 activities and to open other design and operational centers
 abroad. The continuing effects of overseas conflicts and the
 risk of terrorist attacks in the United States and abroad, the
 resulting heightened security, and the increasing risk of
 extended international military conflicts may adversely impact
 our international sales and could make our international
 operations more expensive. International operations are subject
 to many other inherent risks, including but not limited to:

 • 

 political, social and economic instability;

 • 

 exposure to different business practices and legal standards,
 particularly with respect to intellectual property;

 • 

 natural disasters and public health emergencies;

 • 

 nationalization of business and blocking of cash flows;

 • 

 trade and travel restrictions;

 • 

 the imposition of governmental controls and restrictions and
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

 • 

 burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws;

 • 

 import and export license requirements and restrictions of the
 United States and each other country in which we operate;

 • 

 foreign technical standards;

 • 

 changes in taxation and tariffs;

 • 

 difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;

 • 

 difficulties in collecting receivables from foreign entities or
 delayed revenue recognition; and

 • 

 potentially adverse tax consequences.

 Any of the factors described above may have a material adverse
 effect on our ability to increase or maintain our foreign sales.

 Economic conditions in our primary overseas markets,
 particularly in Asia, may negatively impact the demand for our
 products abroad. All of our international sales to date have
 been denominated in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, an increase
 in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign
 currencies could make our products less competitive in
 international markets or require us to assume the risk of
 denominating certain sales in foreign currencies. We anticipate
 that these factors will impact our business to a greater degree
 as we further expand our international business activities.

 In addition, a significant portion of our cash and marketable
 securities are held in
 non-U.S. domiciled
 countries.

 32

Table of Contents

 Our
 outstanding civil litigation relating to the voluntary review of
 our past equity award practices reported in January 2007 could
 continue to result in significant costs to us. In addition, any
 other related action by a governmental agency could result in
 civil or criminal sanctions against certain of our current
 and/or former officers, directors and/or employees.

 In April 2008 the SEC brought a complaint against Broadcom
 alleging violations of the federal securities laws, and we
 entered into a settlement with the SEC. Without admitting or
 denying the SEC’s allegations, we paid a civil penalty of
 $12.0 million, which we recorded as a settlement cost in
 the three months ended March 31, 2008, and stipulated to an
 injunction against future violations of certain provisions of
 the federal securities laws. The settlement was approved by the
 United States District Court for the Central District of
 California in late April 2008, thus concluding the SEC’s
 investigation of this matter with respect to Broadcom.

 As discussed in detail in Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements, included in Part IV, Item 15 of
 this Report, in May 2008 the SEC filed a complaint in the United
 States District Court for the Central District of California
 against Dr. Henry Samueli, our then Chairman of the Board
 and Chief Technical Officer, and three former executive officers
 of Broadcom. The SEC’s civil complaint alleges that
 Dr. Samueli, along with the other defendants, violated the
 anti-fraud provisions of the federal securities laws, falsified
 books and records, and caused the company to report false
 financial results. On December 15, 2009, in connection with
 the criminal matters discussed below, the District Court
 dismissed the SEC’s complaint without prejudice as to all
 defendants. The SEC was given 30 days to refile or amend
 its complaint if it chose to do so, and had not done so within
 the required time period. Instead, the SEC filed a request for
 clarification of the District Court’s order, which was
 heard on January 28, 2010. Following that hearing, the
 District Court gave the SEC seven days to refile or amend its
 complaint. Broadcom cannot predict whether the SEC will attempt
 to refile its complaint against some or all of the defendants.
 After the SEC complaint was dismissed, Dr. Samueli was
 re-elected Chief Technical Officer. Dr. Samueli is not
 currently a director or executive officer.

 In August 2006 we were informally contacted by the
 U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Central District of
 California and asked to produce documents related to our
 historical option granting practices. We cooperated with the
 U.S. Attorney’s Office and provided substantial
 amounts of documents and information to the
 U.S. Attorney’s Office on a voluntary basis and
 pursuant to grand jury subpoenas. In June 2008, Dr. Henry
 T. Nicholas, III, our former President and Chief Executive
 Officer and former Co-Chairman of the Board, and William J.
 Ruehle, our former Chief Financial Officer, were named in an
 indictment relating to alleged stock option backdating at the
 company. Also, in June 2008 Dr. Samueli pled guilty to
 making a materially false statement to the SEC in connection
 with its investigation of alleged stock option backdating at the
 company. In September 2008 the United States District Court
 for the Central District of California rejected
 Dr. Samueli’s plea agreement. Dr. Samueli
 appealed the ruling to the United States Court of Appeals for
 the Ninth Circuit, but that court rejected his appeal. On
 December 7, 2009, the District Court granted
 Dr. Samueli use immunity so that he could testify in
 Mr. Ruehle’s trial. On December 8, 2009, at the
 conclusion of Dr. Samueli’s testimony, the District
 Court set aside Dr. Samueli’s guilty plea and
 dismissed the information against him. Mr. Ruehle’s
 trial began in October 2009 and concluded December 15,
 2009. After both sides rested, the District Court dismissed the
 indictment against Mr. Ruehle on the grounds of
 prosecutorial misconduct and insufficient evidence of criminal
 intent. The District Court simultaneously dismissed the option
 backdating charges against Dr. Nicholas, which were
 scheduled to be tried in February 2010. The
 U.S. Attorney’s Office has filed notices of appeal as
 to both Dr. Nicholas and Dr. Samueli, but also represented
 to the District Court that no final decision has yet been
 reached as to whether those appeals will be pursued. Any further
 action by the SEC, the U.S. Attorney’s Office or other
 governmental agency could result in additional civil or criminal
 sanctions
 and/or fines
 against us

and/or
 certain of our current or former officers, directors

and/or
 employees.

 Additionally, as discussed in Note 11 of Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements, we currently are engaged in
 civil litigation with parties that claim, among other
 allegations, that certain of our current and former directors
 and officers improperly dated stock option grants to enhance
 their own profits on the exercise of such options or for other
 improper purposes (such actions, the Stock Option
 Class Actions). Although we and the other defendants intend
 to defend these claims vigorously, there are many uncertainties
 associated with any litigation, and we cannot assure you that
 these actions will be resolved without substantial costs
 and/or
 settlement charges that may exceed any reimbursement we may be
 entitled to under our directors’ and officers’
 insurance policies.

 33

Table of Contents

 In December 2009 we agreed in principle to settle the Stock
 Option Class Actions. Under the proposed settlement, the
 claims against Broadcom and its current and former officers and
 directors will be dismissed with prejudice and released in
 exchange for a $160.5 million cash payment by Broadcom. We
 recorded the settlement amount as a one-time charge in our
 statement of income for the three months and year ended
 December 31, 2009 as our best estimate of our liability
 based upon current facts and circumstances. The proposed
 settlement remains subject to the satisfaction of various
 conditions, including negotiation and execution of a final
 stipulation of settlement and court approval. If these
 conditions are satisfied, the proposed settlement will resolve
 all claims in the Stock Option Class Actions against
 Broadcom and the individual defendants. In the event that we are
 unable to execute a final stipulation of settlement and obtain
 court approval, our estimated liability to settle the Stock
 Option Class Actions could differ materially from the
 $160.5 million recorded at December 31, 2009.

 In addition, we rely on independent registered public accounting
 firms for opinions and consents to maintain current reports
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the
 Exchange Act, and to have effective registration statements
 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
 Act, on file with the SEC, including our outstanding
 registration statements on
 Forms S-3,

S-4 and

S-8. The
 pending arbitration proceedings involving Ernst &
 Young LLP, or E&Y, our former independent registered public
 accounting firm, could adversely impact our ability to obtain
 any necessary consents in the future from E&Y. In that
 event, we may be required to have our new independent registered
 public accounting firm reaudit the affected periods and during
 such reaudit may not be able to timely file required Exchange
 Act reports with the SEC or to issue equity, including common
 stock pursuant to equity awards that comprise a significant
 portion of our compensation packages, under our outstanding or
 any new registration statements. Furthermore, as a result of the
 reaudit, it is possible that additional accounting issues may be
 identified.

 The resolution of the investigation by the
 U.S. Attorney’s Office, the defense of our pending
 civil litigation, and the defense of any additional litigation
 that may arise relating to our past equity award practices or
 the January 2007 restatement of our prior financial statements
 has in the past and could continue to result in significant
 costs and diversion of the attention of management and other key
 employees. We have indemnification agreements with each of our
 present and former directors and officers, under which Broadcom
 is generally required to indemnify them against expenses,
 including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and
 settlements, arising from the pending litigation and related
 government actions described above (subject to certain
 exceptions, including liabilities arising from willful
 misconduct, from conduct knowingly contrary to the best
 interests of Broadcom, or conduct that is knowingly fraudulent
 or deliberately dishonest or results in improper personal
 benefit). The potential amount of the future payments we could
 be required to make under these indemnification obligations
 could be significant and could have a material impact on our
 results of operations.

 As discussed in Note 11 in the Notes to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements, in August 2009 Broadcom and certain of the
 defendants in the federal derivative action pertaining to past
 employee stock option grants executed the Partial Derivative
 Settlement and the Insurance Agreement, a settlement with
 Broadcom’s directors and officers liability insurance
 carriers. Pursuant to the Insurance Agreement, and subject to
 the terms described more completely therein, including
 relinquishing of rights to any further recovery as to the
 matters described above under these directors’ and
 officers’ liability insurance policies by Broadcom and
 certain of its former and current officers and directors,
 Broadcom received payments totaling $118.0 million from its
 insurance carriers.

 In the event that the trial court’s approval of the Partial
 Derivative Settlement is reversed or vacated by an appellate
 court or otherwise does not become final and non-appealable,
 Broadcom in its sole discretion has the election to either
 provide a release to the insurance carriers and indemnify them
 related to any future claims and retain the $118.0 million
 in accordance with the Insurance Agreement or repay to the
 insurance carriers certain portions of the aggregate amount
 previously paid to Broadcom. In the event the Partial Derivative
 Settlement is revised or vacated, it would be our intention to
 exercise our option to retain the $118.0 million and
 indemnify the insurance carriers.

 34

Table of Contents

 To remain
 competitive, we must keep pace with rapid technological change
 and evolving industry standards in the semiconductor industry
 and the wired and wireless communications markets.

 Our future success will depend on our ability to anticipate and
 adapt to changes in technology and industry standards and our
 customers’ changing demands. We sell products in markets
 that are characterized by rapid technological change, evolving
 industry standards, frequent new product introductions, short
 product life cycles and increasing demand for higher levels of
 integration and smaller process geometries. Our past sales and
 profitability have resulted, to a large extent, from our ability
 to anticipate changes in technology and industry standards and
 to develop and introduce new and enhanced products incorporating
 the new standards and technologies. Our ability to adapt to
 these changes and to anticipate future standards, and the rate
 of adoption and acceptance of those standards, will be a
 significant factor in maintaining or improving our competitive
 position and prospects for growth. If new industry standards
 emerge, our products or our customers’ products could
 become unmarketable or obsolete, and we could lose market share.
 We may also have to incur substantial unanticipated costs to
 comply with these new standards. In addition, our target markets
 continue to undergo rapid growth and consolidation. A
 significant slowdown in any of these wired and wireless
 communications markets could materially and adversely affect our
 business, financial condition and results of operations. These
 rapid technological changes and evolving industry standards make
 it difficult to formulate a long-term growth strategy because
 the semiconductor industry and the wired and wireless
 communications markets may not continue to develop to the extent
 or in the time periods that we anticipate. We have invested
 substantial resources in emerging technologies that did not
 achieve the market acceptance that we had expected. If new
 markets do not develop as and when we anticipate, or if our
 products do not gain widespread acceptance in those markets, our
 business, financial condition and results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 We may
 experience difficulties in transitioning to smaller geometry
 process technologies or in achieving higher levels of design
 integration, which may result in reduced manufacturing yields,
 delays in product deliveries and increased expenses.

 To remain competitive, we expect to continue to transition our
 semiconductor products to increasingly smaller line width
 geometries. This transition requires us to modify the
 manufacturing processes for our products and to redesign some
 products as well as standard cells and other integrated circuit
 designs that we may use in multiple products. We periodically
 evaluate the benefits, on a
 product-by-product
 basis, of migrating to smaller geometry process technologies to
 reduce our costs. Substantially all of our products are
 currently manufactured in 130 nanometers and 65 nanometer
 geometry processes, and we are now designing most new products
 in 65 nanometers and 40 nanometers and planning for the
 transition to smaller process geometries. In the past, we have
 experienced some difficulties in shifting to smaller geometry
 process technologies or new manufacturing processes, which
 resulted in reduced manufacturing yields, delays in product
 deliveries and increased expenses. The transition to 65
 nanometer geometry process technology has resulted in
 significantly higher mask and prototyping costs, as well as
 additional expenditures for engineering design tools and related
 computer hardware. We may face similar difficulties, delays and
 expenses as we continue to transition our products to smaller
 geometry processes.

 We are dependent on our relationships with our foundry
 subcontractors to transition to smaller geometry processes
 successfully. We cannot assure you that the foundries that we
 use will be able to effectively manage the transition in a
 timely manner, or at all, or that we will be able to maintain
 our existing foundry relationships or develop new ones. If any
 of our foundry subcontractors or we experience significant
 delays in this transition or fail to efficiently implement this
 transition, we could experience reduced manufacturing yields,
 delays in product deliveries and increased expenses, all of
 which could negatively impact our results of operations.

 As smaller geometry processes become more prevalent, we expect
 to continue to integrate greater levels of functionality, as
 well as customer and third party intellectual property, into our
 products. However, we may not be able to achieve higher levels
 of design integration or deliver new integrated products on a
 timely basis, if at all. Moreover, even if we are able to
 achieve higher levels of design integration, such integration
 may have an adverse impact on our operating results, as a result
 of increasing costs and expenditures as described above as well
 as the risk that we may reduce our revenue by integrating the
 functionality of multiple chips into a single chip.

 35

Table of Contents

 Our stock
 price is highly volatile. Accordingly, you may not be able to
 resell your shares of common stock at or above the price you
 paid for them.

 The market price of our Class A common stock has fluctuated
 substantially in the past and is likely to continue to be highly
 volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. From January 1,
 2008 through December 31, 2009 our Class A common
 stock has traded at prices as low as $12.98 and as high as
 $32.29 per share. Fluctuations have occurred and may continue to
 occur in response to various factors, many of which we cannot
 control, including:

 • 

 general economic and political conditions and specific
 conditions in the markets we address, including the continued
 volatility in the technology sector and semiconductor industry,
 the recent global economic recession, trends in the broadband
 communications markets in various geographic regions, including
 seasonality in sales of consumer products into which our
 products are incorporated;

 • 

 quarter-to-quarter
 variations in our operating results;

 • 

 changes in earnings estimates or investment recommendations by
 analysts;

 • 

 rulings in currently pending or newly-instituted intellectual
 property litigation;

 • 

 other newly-instituted litigation or governmental investigations
 or an adverse decision or outcome in any litigation,
 investigation or regulatory matter;

 • 

 announcements of changes in our senior management;

 • 

 the effect of potential changes in U.S. or foreign laws and
 regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof;

 • 

 the gain or loss of one or more significant customers or
 suppliers;

 • 

 announcements of technological innovations or new products by
 our competitors, customers or us;

 • 

 announcements of acquisitions by our competitors, customers or
 us;

 • 

 the gain or loss of market share in any of our markets;

 • 

 changes in accounting rules;

 • 

 continuing international conflicts and acts of terrorism;

 • 

 changes in the methods, metrics or measures used by analysts to
 evaluate our stock;

 • 

 changes in investor perceptions; or

 • 

 changes in expectations relating to our products, plans and
 strategic position or those of our competitors or customers.

 In addition, the market prices of securities of
 Internet-related, semiconductor and other technology companies
 have been and remain volatile. This volatility has significantly
 affected the market prices of securities of many technology
 companies for reasons frequently unrelated to the operating
 performance of the specific companies. Accordingly, you may not
 be able to resell your shares of common stock at or above the
 price you paid. In the past, we and other companies that have
 experienced volatility in the market price of their securities
 have been, and we currently are, the subject of securities class
 action litigation.

 Due to the nature of our compensation programs, most of our
 executive officers sell shares of our common stock each quarter
 or otherwise periodically, often pursuant to trading plans
 established under
 Rule 10b5-1
 promulgated under the Exchange Act. As a result, sales of shares
 by our executive officers may not be indicative of their
 respective opinions of Broadcom’s performance at the time
 of sale or of our potential future performance. Nonetheless, the
 market price of our stock may be affected by sales of shares by
 our executive officers.

 In addition, fluctuations in the price of our stock may reduce
 the ability of our share repurchase program to deliver long-term
 shareholder value, because the market price of the stock may
 decline significantly below the levels at which repurchases were
 made.

 Our
 co-founders and their affiliates can control the outcome of
 matters that require the approval of our shareholders, and
 accordingly we will not be able to engage in certain
 transactions without their approval.

 As of December 31, 2009 our co-founders, directors,
 executive officers and their respective affiliates beneficially
 owned 12.9% of our outstanding common stock and held 56.3% of
 the total voting power held by our shareholders. Accordingly,
 these shareholders currently have enough voting power to control
 the outcome of matters that require the approval of our
 shareholders. These matters include the election of our Board of
 Directors,

 36

Table of Contents

 the issuance of additional shares of Class B common stock,
 and the approval of most significant corporate transactions,
 including certain mergers and consolidations and the sale of
 substantially all of our assets. In particular, as of
 December 31, 2009 our two founders, Dr. Henry T.
 Nicholas III and Dr. Henry Samueli, beneficially owned
 a total of 11.6% of our outstanding common stock and held 55.9%
 of the total voting power held by our shareholders. Because of
 their significant voting stock ownership, we will not be able to
 engage in certain transactions, and our shareholders will not be
 able to effect certain actions or transactions, without the
 approval of one or both of these shareholders. These actions and
 transactions include changes in the composition of our Board of
 Directors, certain mergers, and the sale of control of our
 company by means of a tender offer, open market purchases or
 other purchases of our Class A common stock, or otherwise.
 Repurchases of shares of our Class A common stock under our
 share repurchase program will result in an increase in the total
 voting power of our co-founders, directors, executive officers
 and their affiliates, as well as other continuing shareholders.

 Some of
 the independent foundries upon which we rely to manufacture our
 products, as well as our own California and Singapore
 facilities, are located in regions that are subject to
 earthquakes and other natural disasters.

 Two of the third-party foundries upon which we rely to
 manufacture a substantial number of our semiconductor devices,
 are located in Taiwan. Taiwan has experienced significant
 earthquakes in the past and could be subject to additional
 earthquakes. Any earthquake or other natural disaster, such as a
 tsunami, in a country in which any of our foundries is located
 could significantly disrupt our foundries’ production
 capabilities and could result in our experiencing a significant
 delay in delivery, or substantial shortage, of wafers and
 possibly in higher wafer prices.

 Our California facilities, including our principal executive
 offices and major design centers, are located near major
 earthquake fault lines. Our international distribution center
 and some of our third-party foundries are located in Singapore,
 which could also be subject to an earthquake, tsunami or other
 natural disaster. If there is a major earthquake or any other
 natural disaster in a region where one or more of our facilities
 are located, our operations could be significantly disrupted.
 Although we have established business interruption plans to
 prepare for any such event, we cannot guarantee that we will be
 able to effectively address all interruptions that such an event
 could cause.

 Any supply disruption or business interruption could materially
 and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
 results of operations.

 There can
 be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends
 at all or in any particular amounts.

 On January 27, 2010 our Board of Directors declared
 Broadcom’s first quarterly cash dividend. We intend to
 continue to pay quarterly dividends subject to capital
 availability and periodic determinations by our Board of
 Directors that cash dividends are in the best interest of our
 shareholders and are in compliance with all laws and agreements
 of Broadcom applicable to the declaration and payment of cash
 dividends. Future dividends may be affected by, among other
 factors: our views on potential future capital requirements for
 investments in acquisitions and the funding of our research and
 development; legal risks; stock repurchase programs; changes in
 federal and state income tax laws or corporate laws; and changes
 to our business model. Our dividend payments may change from
 time to time, and we cannot provide assurance that we will
 continue to declare dividends at all or in any particular
 amounts. A reduction in our dividend payments could have a
 negative effect on our stock price.

 Our
 articles of incorporation and bylaws contain anti-takeover
 provisions that could prevent or discourage a third party from
 acquiring us.

 Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that
 may prevent or discourage a third party from acquiring us, even
 if the acquisition would be beneficial to our shareholders. In
 addition, we have in the past issued and may in the future issue
 shares of Class B common stock in connection with certain
 acquisitions, upon exercise of certain stock options, and for
 other purposes. Class B shares have superior voting rights
 entitling the holder to ten votes for each share held on matters
 that we submit to a shareholder vote (as compared to one vote

 37

Table of Contents

 per share in the case of our Class A common stock) as well
 as the right to vote separately as a class (i) as required
 by law and (ii) in the case of a proposed issuance of
 additional shares of Class B common stock, unless such
 issuance is approved by at least two-thirds of the members of
 the Board of Directors then in office. Our Board of Directors
 also has the authority to fix the rights and preferences of
 shares of our preferred stock and to issue shares of common or
 preferred stock without a shareholder vote. It is possible that
 the provisions in our charter documents, the exercise of
 supervoting rights by holders of our Class B common stock,
 our co-founders’, directors’ and officers’
 ownership of a majority of the Class B common stock, or the
 ability of our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock or
 additional shares of Class B common stock may prevent or
 discourage third parties from acquiring us, even if the
 acquisition would be beneficial to our shareholders. In
 addition, these factors may discourage third parties from
 bidding for our Class A common stock at a premium over the
 market price for our stock. These factors may also materially
 and adversely affect voting and other rights of the holders of
 our common stock and the market price of our Class A common
 stock.