Before deciding to purchase, hold or sell our common stock,
 you should carefully consider the risks described below in
 addition to the other cautionary statements and risks described
 elsewhere and the other information contained in this Report and
 in our other filings with the SEC, including our subsequent
 reports on
 Forms 10-Q
 and 
8-K. The
 risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we
 face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to
 us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our
 business. If any of these known or unknown risks or
 uncertainties actually occurs with material adverse effects on
 Broadcom, our business, financial condition, results of
 operations

and/or
 liquidity could be seriously harmed. In that event, the market
 price for our Class A common stock will likely decline, and
 you may lose all or part of your investment.

 Our
 operating results may be adversely impacted by worldwide
 political and economic uncertainties and specific conditions in
 the markets we address, including the cyclical nature of and
 volatility in the semiconductor industry. As a result, the
 market price of our Class A common stock may
 decline.

 We operate primarily in the semiconductor industry, which is
 cyclical and subject to rapid change and evolving industry
 standards. From time to time, the semiconductor industry has
 experienced significant downturns, such as the current downturn.
 These downturns are characterized by decreases in product
 demand, excess customer inventories, and accelerated erosion of
 prices. These factors could cause substantial fluctuations in
 our revenue and results of operations. In addition, during these
 downturns some competitors may become more aggressive in their
 pricing practices, which would adversely impact our gross
 margin. Any downturns in the semiconductor industry may be
 severe and prolonged, and any failure of the industry or wired
 and wireless communications markets to fully recover from
 downturns could seriously impact our revenue and harm our
 business, financial condition and results of operations. The
 semiconductor industry also periodically experiences increased
 demand and production capacity constraints, which may affect our
 ability to ship products. Accordingly, our operating results may
 vary

 18

Table of Contents

 significantly as a result of the general conditions in the
 semiconductor industry, which could cause large fluctuations in
 our stock price.

 Recently general worldwide economic conditions have experienced
 a deterioration due to credit conditions resulting from the
 recent financial crisis affecting the banking system and
 financial markets and other factors, slower economic activity,
 concerns about inflation and deflation, volatility in energy
 costs, decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate profits
 and capital spending, adverse business conditions and liquidity
 concerns in the wired and wireless communications markets, the
 ongoing effects of the war in Iraq, recent international
 conflicts and terrorist and military activity, and the impact of
 natural disasters and public health emergencies. As a result, in
 the fourth quarter of 2008 we experienced cancellations,
 deferrals and a significant slowdown in orders and anticipate
 that trend will continue in the indeterminate future, as the
 current recession is projected to last at least throughout much
 of 2009. These conditions make it extremely difficult for our
 customers, our vendors and us to accurately forecast and plan
 future business activities, and they could cause U.S. and
 foreign businesses to further slow spending on our products and
 services, which would delay and lengthen sales cycles.
 Furthermore, during challenging economic times our customers may
 face issues gaining timely access to sufficient credit, which
 could result in an impairment of their ability to make timely
 payments to us. If that were to occur, we may be required to
 increase our allowance for doubtful accounts and our days sales
 outstanding would be negatively impacted. We cannot predict the
 timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown or
 subsequent economic recovery, worldwide, or in the semiconductor
 industry or the wired and wireless communications markets. If
 the economy or markets in which we operate do not continue at
 their present levels or continue to deteriorate, we may record
 additional charges related to restructuring costs and the
 impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets, and our
 business, financial condition and results of operations will
 likely be materially and adversely affected. Additionally, the
 combination of our lengthy sales cycle coupled with challenging
 macroeconomic conditions could have a synergistic negative
 impact on the results of our operations.

 Our
 quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly. As a
 result, we may fail to meet the expectations of securities
 analysts and investors, which could cause our stock price to
 decline.

 Our quarterly net revenue and operating results have fluctuated
 significantly in the past and are likely to continue to vary
 from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, many of
 which are not within our control. If our operating results do
 not meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors,
 who may derive their expectations by extrapolating data from
 recent historical operating results, the market price of our
 Class A common stock will likely decline. Fluctuations in
 our operating results may be due to a number of factors,
 including, but not limited to, those listed below and those
 identified throughout this “Risk Factors” section,
 some of which may contribute to more pronounced fluctuations in
 an uncertain global economic environment:

 • 

 general economic and political conditions and specific
 conditions in the markets we address, including the continuing
 volatility in the technology sector and semiconductor industry,
 current general economic volatility, and trends in the broadband
 communications markets in various geographic regions, including
 seasonality in sales of consumer products into which our
 products are incorporated;

 • 

 the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of significant customer
 orders and our ability, as well as the ability of our customers,
 to manage inventory;

 • 

 our ability to adjust our operations in response to changes in
 demand for our existing products and services or demand for new
 products requested by our customers;

 • 

 the effectiveness of our expense and product cost control and
 reduction efforts;

 • 

 the gain or loss of a key customer, design win or order;

 • 

 our dependence on a few significant customers
 and/or
 design wins for a substantial portion of our revenue;

 • 

 our ability to specify, develop or acquire, complete, introduce,
 market and transition to volume production new products and
 technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner;

 • 

 intellectual property disputes, customer indemnification claims
 and other types of litigation risks;

 • 

 the availability and pricing of raw materials and third party
 semiconductor foundry, assembly and test capacity;

 19

Table of Contents

 • 

 our ability to retain, recruit and hire key executives,
 technical personnel and other employees in the positions and
 numbers, with the experience and capabilities, and at the
 compensation levels that we need to implement our business and
 product plans;

 • 

 our ability to timely and accurately predict market requirements
 and evolving industry standards and to identify and capitalize
 upon opportunities in new markets;

 • 

 the rate at which our present and future customers and end users
 adopt our technologies and products in our target markets;

 • 

 changes in our product or customer mix;

 • 

 competitive pressures and other factors such as the
 qualification, availability and pricing of competing products
 and technologies and the resulting effects on sales and pricing
 of our products;

 • 

 our ability to timely and effectively transition to smaller
 geometry process technologies or achieve higher levels of design
 integration;

 • 

 the volume of our product sales and pricing concessions on
 volume sales;

 • 

 the impact of the Internal Revenue Service review of certain of
 our income tax returns; and

 • 

 the effects of public health emergencies, natural disasters,
 terrorist activities, international conflicts and other events
 beyond our control.

 We expect new product lines to account for a high percentage of
 our future sales. Some of these markets are immature
 and/or
 unpredictable or are new markets for Broadcom, and we cannot
 assure you that these markets will develop into significant
 opportunities or that we will continue to derive significant
 revenue from these markets. Based on the limited amount of
 historical data available to us, it is difficult to anticipate
 our future revenue streams from, or the sustainability of, such
 newer markets. Typically our new products have lower gross
 margins until we commence volume production and launch lower
 cost revisions of such products, enabling us to benefit from
 economies of scale and more efficient designs. However, certain
 of our new products, such as products for the cellular phone
 market, will likely have lower gross margins than our customary
 products for some time after we commence volume production of
 those products, which will be dependent upon our product mix.

 Additionally, as an increasing number of our chips are being
 incorporated into consumer products, such as desktop and
 notebook computers, cellular phones and other mobile
 communication devices, other wireless-enabled consumer
 electronics, and satellite and digital cable set-top boxes, we
 anticipate greater seasonality and fluctuations in the demand
 for our products, which may result in greater variations in our
 quarterly operating results. Consumer products can also have
 lower gross margins than the gross margins we have been able to
 achieve in the past, depending upon where they are in their
 respective product life cycles, which could negatively impact
 our revenue and gross margin.

 In the past we have entered into arrangements that include
 multiple deliverables, such as the sale of semiconductor
 products and related data services. Under these arrangements,
 the services may be provided without having a separate
 “fair value” under Financial Accounting Standards
 Board, or FASB, Emerging Issues Task Force, or EITF, Issue
 No. 00-21,

Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables, or

EITF 00-21.
 In that event, we will only recognize a portion of the total
 revenue we receive from the customer during a quarter, and will
 recognize the remaining revenue ratably over the respective
 service period or estimated product life. There are also other
 scenarios under

EITF 00-21
 and other accounting literature whereby revenue may be deferred
 for even longer periods or ratable recognition over the service
 period may not be permitted and all of the revenue may be
 required to be recognized in later periods or at the end of the
 arrangement. As we enter into future multiple element
 arrangements in which the fair value of each deliverable is not
 known, the portion of revenue we recognize on a deferred basis
 may vary significantly in any given quarter, which could cause
 even greater fluctuations in our quarterly operating results.

 20

Table of Contents

 We are
 subject to order and shipment uncertainties, and our ability to
 accurately forecast customer demand may be impaired by our
 lengthy sales cycle. If we are unable to accurately predict
 customer demand, we may hold excess or obsolete inventory, which
 would reduce our profit margin. Conversely, we may have
 insufficient inventory, which would result in lost revenue
 opportunities and potentially in loss of market share and
 damaged customer relationships.

 We typically sell products pursuant to purchase orders rather
 than long-term purchase commitments. Customers can generally
 cancel, change or defer purchase orders on short notice without
 incurring a significant penalty. In the recent past, some of our
 customers have developed excess inventories of their own
 products and have, as a consequence, deferred purchase orders
 for our products. It is difficult to accurately predict what or
 how many products our customers will need in the future.
 Anticipating demand is challenging because our customers face
 volatile pricing and unpredictable demand for their own
 products, are increasingly focused on cash preservation and
 tighter inventory management, and may be involved in legal
 proceedings that could affect their ability to buy our products.

 Our ability to accurately forecast customer demand may also be
 impaired by the delays inherent in our lengthy sales cycle.
 After we have developed and delivered a product to a customer,
 the customer will usually test and evaluate our product prior to
 designing its own equipment that will incorporate our product.
 Our customers may need three to more than nine months to test,
 evaluate and adopt our product and an additional three to more
 than twelve months to begin volume production of equipment that
 incorporates our products. Due to this lengthy sales cycle, we
 may experience significant delays from the time we increase our
 operating expenses and make investments in inventory until the
 time that we generate revenue from these products. It is
 possible that we may never generate any revenue from these
 products after incurring such expenditures. Even if a customer
 selects our product to incorporate into its equipment, we have
 no assurance that the customer will ultimately bring its product
 to market or that such effort by our customer will be
 successful. The delays inherent in our lengthy sales cycle
 increase the risk that a customer will decide to cancel or
 curtail, reduce or delay its product plans. As a result of the
 recent significant economic downturn, which caused a decline in
 the cellular market, as well as tempered expectations of the
 future growth rate for that market, and an increase in our
 implied discount rate due to higher risk premiums, as well as
 the decline in our market capitalization, we had to adjust our
 assumptions used to assess the estimated fair value of our
 mobile platforms business group and recorded impairment charges
 of $169.4 million in the three months ended
 December 31, 2008 relating to this group. See Note 9
 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. If we incur
 significant research and development expenses, marketing
 expenses and investments in inventory in the future that we are
 not able to recover, our operating results could be adversely
 affected. In addition, as an increasing number of our chips are
 being incorporated into consumer products, we anticipate greater
 fluctuations in demand for our products, which makes it even
 more difficult to forecast customer demand.

 We place orders with our suppliers based on forecasts of
 customer demand and, in some instances, may establish buffer
 inventories to accommodate anticipated demand. Our forecasts are
 based on multiple assumptions, each of which may introduce error
 into our estimates. If we overestimate customer demand, we may
 allocate resources to manufacturing products that we may not be
 able to sell when we expect to, if at all. As a result, we could
 hold excess or obsolete inventory, which would reduce our profit
 margins and adversely affect our financial results. Conversely,
 if we underestimate customer demand or if insufficient
 manufacturing capacity is available, we could forego revenue
 opportunities and potentially lose market share and damage our
 customer relationships. In addition, any future significant
 cancellations or deferrals of product orders or the return of
 previously sold products could materially and adversely affect
 our profit margins, increase product obsolescence and restrict
 our ability to fund our operations. Furthermore, we generally
 recognize revenue upon shipment of products to a customer. If a
 customer refuses to accept shipped products or does not timely
 pay for these products, which has occurred in the past, our
 revenue and financial results could be materially and adversely
 impacted.

 We maintain inventory, or hubbing, arrangements with certain of
 our customers. Our use of these arrangements increased in 2008
 and we expect that we will continue to use these arrangements
 for the foreseeable future. Pursuant to these arrangements, we
 deliver products to a customer or a designated third party
 warehouse based upon the customer’s projected needs, but do
 not recognize product revenue unless and until the customer
 reports that it has removed our product from the warehouse to
 incorporate into its end products. Historically we

 21

Table of Contents

 have had good visibility into customer requirements and
 shipments within a quarter. However, if a customer does not take
 our products under a hubbing arrangement in accordance with the
 schedule it originally provided us, our predicted future revenue
 stream could vary substantially from our forecasts and our
 results of operations could be materially and adversely
 affected. In addition, distributors
 and/or
 customers with hubbing arrangements provide us periodic reports
 regarding product, price, quantity, and when products are
 shipped to their customers, as well as the quantities of our
 products they still have in stock. For specialized shipping
 terms we may also rely on data provided by our freight
 forwarding providers. For our royalty revenue we also rely on
 data provided by our customers. Any error in the data provided
 to us by customers, distributors or other third parties could
 lead to inaccurate reporting of our revenue, gross profit and
 net income. Additionally, since we own inventory that is
 physically located in a third party’s warehouse, our
 ability to effectively manage inventory levels may be impaired,
 causing our total inventory turns to decrease, which could
 increase expenses associated with excess and obsolete product
 and negatively impact our cash flow.

 If we
 fail to appropriately adjust our operations in response to
 changes in demand for our existing products and services or to
 the demand for new products requested by our customers, our
 business could be materially and adversely affected.

 We intend to manage our costs and expenses in the short term to
 achieve our long-term business objectives. We anticipate that in
 the long term, we may need to expand as general worldwide
 economic conditions improve. Through internal growth and
 acquisitions, we significantly increased the scope of our
 operations and expanded our workforce from 2,774 full-time,
 contract and temporary employees as of December 31, 2003 to
 7,402 full-time, contract and temporary employees as of
 December 31, 2008. Nonetheless, we may not be able to
 expand our workforce and operations in a sufficiently timely
 manner to respond effectively to changes in demand for our
 existing products and services or to the demand for new products
 requested by our customers. In that event, we may be unable to
 meet competitive challenges or exploit potential market
 opportunities, and our current or future business could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 Conversely, if we expand our operations and workforce too
 rapidly in anticipation of increased demand for our products,
 and such demand does not materialize at the pace at which we
 expect, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
 We expect new product lines, which often require substantial
 research and development expenses to develop, to account for a
 high percentage of our future revenue. However, some of the
 markets for these new products are immature
 and/or
 unpredictable or are new markets for Broadcom, and if these
 markets do not develop at the rates we originally anticipated or
 if we do not execute successfully, the rate of increase in our
 operating expenses may exceed the rate of increase, if any, in
 our revenue. Moreover, we may intentionally choose to increase
 the rate of our research and development expenses more rapidly
 than the increase in the rate of our revenue in the short term
 in anticipation of the long term benefits we would derive from
 such investment. However, such benefits may never materialize or
 may not be as significant as we originally believed they would
 be. For instance, during the last five years we have incurred
 substantial expenditures on the development of new products for
 the cellular handset market. Approximately 25% of the
 $1.498 billion in research and development expense for 2008
 was attributable to our mobile platforms business. However, this
 market is characterized by very long product development and
 sales cycles due to the significant qualification requirements
 of cellular handset makers and wireless network operators, and
 accordingly, it is common to experience significant delays from
 the time research and development efforts commence to the time
 corresponding revenues are generated. Due to these lengthy
 product development and sales cycles, our mobile platforms
 business had a material negative impact on our earnings in 2008,
 including impairment charges of $169.4 million recorded in
 the three months ended December 31, 2008 relating to this
 business. See Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements. In 2008 most of the revenue that we derived from our
 mobile platforms business related to the $149.2 million in
 royalties we received pursuant to a patent license agreement
 entered into in July 2007. Up to $19.0 million of royalty
 revenue is currently expected to be recognized under this
 agreement in quarter ending March 31, 2009. As a result,
 after March 31, 2009, our mobile platforms business could
 have a greater dilutive impact on our results of operations.
 Although we currently expect to begin deriving additional
 revenue from our cellular handset products later in 2009, it is
 possible that our customers may delay their product development
 plans or that their products will not be commercially
 successful, which would continue to materially and adversely
 affect our results of operations.

 22

Table of Contents

 Additionally, our operations are characterized by a high
 percentage of costs that are fixed or difficult to reduce in the
 short term, such as research and development expenses, the
 employment and training of a highly skilled workforce,
 stock-based compensation expense, and legal, accounting and
 other external fees. If we experience a slowdown in the
 semiconductor industry or the wired and wireless communications
 markets in which we operate, such as the current slowdown, we
 may not be able to adjust our operating expenses in a
 sufficiently timely or effective manner. Although we announced a
 restructuring plan in January 2009 and have implemented a number
 of other cost saving measures, if the current slowdown is more
 severe or prolonged than we anticipate, our business, financial
 condition and results of operations could be materially and
 adversely affected.

 Our past growth has placed, and any future long-term growth is
 expected to continue to place, a significant strain on our
 management personnel, systems and resources. To implement our
 current business and product plans, we will need to continue to
 expand, train, manage and motivate our workforce. All of these
 endeavors will require substantial management effort. In the
 past we have implemented an enterprise resource planning system
 to help us improve our planning and management processes, and
 more recently we have implemented a new equity administration
 system to support our more complex equity programs as well as
 the adoption of SFAS 123R. We anticipate that we will also
 need to continue to implement a variety of new and upgraded
 operational and financial systems, including enhanced human
 resources management systems and a business-to-business
 solution, as well as additional procedures and other internal
 management systems. In general, the accuracy of information
 delivered by these systems may be subject to inherent
 programming quality. In addition, to support our growth, in
 March 2007 we relocated our headquarters and Irvine operations
 to new, larger facilities that have enabled us to centralize all
 of our Irvine employees and operations on one campus. We may
 also engage in other relocations of our employees or operations
 from time to time. Such relocations could result in temporary
 disruptions of our operations or a diversion of
 management’s attention and resources. If we are unable to
 effectively manage our expanding operations, we may be unable to
 adjust our business quickly enough to meet competitive
 challenges or exploit potential market opportunities, or
 conversely, we may scale our business too quickly and the rate
 of increase in our expenses may exceed the rate of increase in
 our revenue, either of which would materially and adversely
 affect our current or future business.

 If we are
 unable to develop and introduce new products successfully and in
 a cost-effective and timely manner or to achieve market
 acceptance of our new products, our operating results would be
 adversely affected.

 Our future success is dependent upon our ability to develop new
 semiconductor products for existing and new markets, introduce
 these products in a cost-effective and timely manner, and
 convince leading equipment manufacturers to select these
 products for design into their own new products. Our products
 are generally incorporated into our customers’ products at
 the design stage. We often incur significant expenditures on the
 development of a new product without any assurance that an
 equipment manufacturer will select our product for design into
 its own product. Once an equipment manufacturer designs a
 competitor’s product into its product offering, it becomes
 significantly more difficult for us to sell our products to that
 customer because changing suppliers involves significant cost,
 time, effort and risk for the customer.

 Even if an equipment manufacturer designs one of our products
 into its product offering, we have no assurances that its
 product will be commercially successful or that we will receive
 any revenue from sales of that product. Sales of our products
 largely depend on the commercial success of our customers’
 products. Our customers are typically not obligated to purchase
 our products and can choose at any time to stop using our
 products if their own products are not commercially successful
 or for any other reason. In addition, any substantial delay in
 our customers’ product development plans could have a
 material negative impact on our business.

 Our historical results have been, and we expect that our future
 results will continue to be, dependent on the introduction of a
 relatively small number of new products and the timely
 completion and delivery of those products to customers. The
 development of new silicon devices is highly complex, and from
 time to time we have experienced delays in completing the
 development and introduction of new products or lower than
 anticipated manufacturing yields in the early production of such
 products. If we were to experience any similar delays in the
 successful completion of a new product or similar reductions in
 our manufacturing yields for a new product in the future, our
 customer relationships, reputation and business could be
 seriously harmed.

 23

Table of Contents

 In addition, the development and introduction of new products
 often requires substantial research and development resources.
 As a result, we may choose to discontinue one or more products
 or product development programs to dedicate more resources to
 new products. The discontinuation of an existing or planned
 product may materially and adversely affect our relationship
 with our customers, including customers who may purchase more
 than one product from us.

 Our ability to develop and deliver new products successfully
 will depend on various factors, including our ability to:

 • 

 timely and accurately predict market requirements and evolving
 industry standards;

 • 

 accurately define new products;

 • 

 timely and effectively identify and capitalize upon
 opportunities in new markets;

 • 

 timely complete and introduce new product designs;

 • 

 adjust our operations in response to changes in demand for our
 products and services or the demand for new products requested
 by our customers;

 • 

 license any desired third party technology or intellectual
 property rights;

 • 

 effectively develop and integrate technologies from companies
 that we have acquired;

 • 

 timely qualify and obtain industry interoperability
 certification of our products and the products of our customers
 into which our products will be incorporated;

 • 

 obtain sufficient foundry capacity and packaging materials;

 • 

 achieve high manufacturing yields; and

 • 

 shift our products to smaller geometry process technologies to
 achieve lower cost and higher levels of design integration.

 In some of our businesses, our ability to develop and deliver
 next generation products successfully and in a timely manner may
 depend in part on access to information, or licenses of
 technology or intellectual property rights, from companies that
 are our competitors. We cannot assure you that such information
 or licenses will be made available to us on a timely basis, if
 at all, or at reasonable cost and on commercially reasonable
 terms.

 If we are not able to develop and introduce new products
 successfully and in a cost effective and timely manner, we will
 be unable to attract new customers or to retain our existing
 customers, as these customers may transition to other companies
 that can meet their product development needs, which would
 materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

 Our
 operating results for 2006 and prior periods have been
 materially and adversely impacted as a result of the voluntary
 review of our past equity award practices reported in January
 2007. Our outstanding civil litigation relating to these matters
 could continue to result in significant costs to us. In
 addition, any other related action by a governmental agency
 could result in civil or criminal sanctions against certain of
 our current and/or former officers, directors and/or
 employees.

 In connection with the voluntary review of our past equity award
 practices, we restated our financial statements for each of the
 years ended December 31, 1998 through December 31,
 2005, and for the three months ended March 31, 2006.
 Accordingly, you should not rely on financial information
 included in the reports on
 Forms 10-K,

10-Q and

8-K
 previously filed by Broadcom, the related opinions of our
 independent registered public accounting firm, or earnings press
 releases and similar communications issued by us, for periods
 ended on or before March 31, 2006, all of which have been
 superseded in their entirety by the information contained in our
 amended Annual Report on

Form 10-K/A
 for the year ended December 31, 2005 and our amended
 Quarterly Report on

Form 10-Q/A
 for the three months ended March 31, 2006, each filed
 January 23, 2007.

 In June 2006 we received an informal request for information
 from the staff of the Los Angeles regional office of the SEC
 regarding our historical option granting practices. In December
 2006 we were informed that the SEC had issued a formal order of
 investigation in the matter. In April 2008 the SEC brought a
 complaint against Broadcom alleging violations of the federal
 securities laws, and we entered into a settlement with the SEC.
 Without admitting or denying the SEC’s allegations, we
 agreed to pay a civil penalty of $12.0 million, which we
 recorded as a settlement cost in 2008, and stipulated to an
 injunction against future violations of certain provisions of
 the

 24

Table of Contents

 federal securities laws. The settlement was approved by the
 United States District Court for the Central District of
 California in late April 2008, thus concluding the SEC’s
 investigation of this matter with respect to Broadcom.

 As discussed in detail in Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements, included in Part IV, Item 15 of
 this Report, in May 2008 the SEC filed a complaint in the United
 States District Court for the Central District of California
 against Dr. Henry Samueli, our then Chairman of the Board
 and Chief Technical Officer, Mr. David A. Dull, our then
 Senior Vice President, Business Affairs and General Counsel, and
 two other former executive officers of Broadcom. The SEC’s
 civil complaint alleges that Dr. Samueli and Mr. Dull,
 along with the other defendants, violated the anti-fraud
 provisions of the federal securities laws, falsified books and
 records, and caused the company to report false financial
 results. We do not know when the SEC action will be resolved
 with respect to Dr. Samueli
 and/or
 Mr. Dull or what actions, if any, the SEC may require
 either to take in resolution of the matter against him
 personally.

 In August 2006 we were informally contacted by the
 U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Central District of
 California and asked to produce documents. In 2007 and 2008 we
 continued to provide substantial amounts of documents and
 information to the U.S. Attorney’s Office on a
 voluntary basis and pursuant to grand jury subpoenas. We are
 continuing to cooperate with the U.S. Attorney’s
 Office in 2009. As widely reported, in June 2008
 Dr. Henry T. Nicholas, III, our former President and
 Chief Executive Officer and a former director, and William J.
 Ruehle, our former Chief Financial Officer, were named in an
 indictment relating to alleged stock options backdating at the
 company. Also in June 2008 Dr. Samueli pled guilty to
 making a materially false statement in connection with the
 SEC’s investigation described above. In September 2008 the
 United States District Court for the Central District of
 California rejected Dr. Samueli’s plea agreement.
 Dr. Samueli has appealed the ruling in the United States
 Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Any further action by
 the SEC, the U.S. Attorney’s Office or other
 governmental agency could result in additional civil or criminal
 sanctions
 and/or fines
 against us

and/or
 certain of our current or former officers, directors

and/or
 employees.

 Additionally, as discussed in Note 11 of Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements, we currently are engaged in
 civil litigation with parties that claim, among other
 allegations, that certain of our current and former directors
 and officers improperly dated stock option grants to enhance
 their own profits on the exercise of such options or for other
 improper purposes. Although we and the other defendants intend
 to defend these claims vigorously, there are many uncertainties
 associated with any litigation, and we cannot assure you that
 these actions will be resolved without substantial costs
 and/or
 settlement charges that may exceed any reimbursement we may be
 entitled to under our directors’ and officers’
 insurance policies.

 In addition, we rely on independent registered public accounting
 firms for opinions and consents to maintain current reports
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the
 Exchange Act, and to have effective registration statements
 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
 Act, on file with the SEC, including our outstanding
 registration statements on
 Forms S-1,

S-4 and

S-8. The
 pending arbitration proceedings involving Ernst &
 Young LLP, or E&Y, our former independent registered public
 accounting firm, could adversely impact our ability to obtain
 any necessary consents in the future from E&Y. In that
 event, we may be required to have our new independent registered
 public accounting firm reaudit the affected periods and during
 such reaudit may not be able to timely file required Exchange
 Act reports with the SEC or to issue equity, including common
 stock pursuant to equity awards that comprise a significant
 portion of our compensation packages, under our outstanding or
 any new registration statements. Furthermore, as a result of the
 reaudit, it is possible that additional accounting issues may be
 identified.

 The resolution of the pending investigation by the
 U.S. Attorney’s Office, the defense of our pending
 civil litigation, and the defense of any additional litigation
 that may arise relating to our past equity award practices or
 the January 2007 restatement of our prior financial statements
 has in the past and could continue to result in significant
 costs and diversion of the attention of management and other key
 employees. We have indemnification agreements with each of our
 present and former directors and officers, under which Broadcom
 is generally required to indemnify them against expenses,
 including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and
 settlements, arising from the pending litigation and related
 government actions described above (subject to certain
 exceptions, including liabilities arising from willful
 misconduct, from conduct knowingly contrary to the best
 interests of Broadcom, or conduct that is knowingly fraudulent
 or deliberately dishonest or results in improper personal
 benefit). The

 25

Table of Contents

 potential amount of the future payments we could be required to
 make under these indemnification obligations could be
 significant and could have a material impact on our results of
 operations, particularly as the defendants in the criminal and
 civil actions described above prepare to go to trial.

 Although we maintain various insurance policies related to the
 risks associated with our business, including directors’
 and officers’ insurance, we cannot assure you that the
 amount of our insurance coverage will be sufficient, that our
 insurance policies will provide coverage for the matters and
 circumstances described above or that portions of payments by
 our insurance companies previously made to us will not be
 required to be repaid to the insurance companies as these
 matters reach conclusion. Certain of our insurance carriers have
 reserved their rights under these policies, and in the third
 quarter of 2008 one of our insurance carriers notified us that
 coverage was not available and that it intended to suspend
 payment to us. As a result, we ceased receiving reimbursements
 under these policies for our expenses related to the matters
 described above. However, in January 2009 we entered into an
 agreement with that insurance carrier and certain of our other
 insurance carriers pursuant to which, without prejudicing our
 rights or the rights of such insurers, we will receive a payment
 from these insurers under these insurance policies. Nonetheless,
 if our coverage under these policies is reduced or eliminated,
 our potential financial exposure in the pending securities
 litigation and related government actions would be increased.
 Our business, financial position and results of operations may
 be materially and adversely affected to the extent that our
 insurance coverage fails to pay or reimburse expenses and any
 judgments, fines or settlement costs that we may incur in
 connection with these matters or in the event we are required to
 repay amounts that were previously paid by our insurance
 companies.

 Our
 acquisition strategy may result in unanticipated accounting
 charges or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations,
 and result in difficulties in assimilating and integrating the
 operations, personnel, technologies, products and information
 systems of acquired companies or businesses, or be dilutive to
 existing shareholders.

 A key element of our business strategy involves expansion
 through the acquisitions of businesses, assets, products or
 technologies that allow us to complement our existing product
 offerings, expand our market coverage, increase our engineering
 workforce or enhance our technological capabilities. Between
 January 1, 1999 and December 31, 2008, we acquired
 38 companies and certain assets of four other businesses.
 We continually evaluate and explore strategic opportunities as
 they arise, including business combination transactions,
 strategic partnerships, and the purchase or sale of assets,
 including tangible and intangible assets such as intellectual
 property.

 Acquisitions may require significant capital infusions,
 typically entail many risks, and could result in difficulties in
 assimilating and integrating the operations, personnel,
 technologies, products and information systems of acquired
 companies or businesses. We have in the past and may in the
 future experience delays in the timing and successful
 integration of an acquired company’s technologies and
 product development through volume production, unanticipated
 costs and expenditures, changing relationships with customers,
 suppliers and strategic partners, or contractual, intellectual
 property or employment issues. In addition, key personnel of an
 acquired company may decide not to work for us. Moreover, to the
 extent we acquire a company with existing products, those
 products may have lower gross margins than our customary
 products, which could adversely affect our gross margin and
 operating results. If an acquired company also has inventory
 that we assume, we will be required to write up the carrying
 value of that inventory to fair value. When that inventory is
 sold, the gross margin for those products will be nominal and
 our gross margin for that period will be negatively affected.
 The acquisition of another company or its products and
 technologies may also require us to enter into a geographic or
 business market in which we have little or no prior experience.
 These challenges could disrupt our ongoing business, distract
 our management and employees, harm our reputation and increase
 our expenses. These challenges are magnified as the size of the
 acquisition increases. Furthermore, these challenges would be
 even greater if we acquired a business or entered into a
 business combination transaction with a company that was larger
 and more difficult to integrate than the companies we have
 historically acquired.

 Acquisitions may require large one-time charges and can result
 in increased debt or contingent liabilities, adverse tax
 consequences, additional stock-based compensation expense, and
 the recording and later amortization of amounts related to
 certain purchased intangible assets, any of which items could
 negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, we may
 record goodwill in connection with an acquisition and incur
 goodwill impairment

 26

Table of Contents

 charges in the future. Any of these charges could cause the
 price of our Class A common stock to decline. Beginning
 January 1, 2009, the accounting for future business
 combinations changed. We expect that the new requirements will
 have an impact on our consolidated financial statements, but the
 nature and magnitude of the specific effects will depend upon
 the nature, terms and size of the acquisitions we consummate
 after the effective date.

 Acquisitions or asset purchases made entirely or partially for
 cash may reduce our cash reserves. We may seek to obtain
 additional cash to fund an acquisition by selling equity or debt
 securities. Any issuance of equity or convertible debt
 securities may be dilutive to our existing shareholders. In
 addition, the equity or debt securities that we may issue could
 have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our
 Class A
 and/or
 Class B common stock. For example, as a consequence of the
 prior pooling-of-interests accounting rules, the securities
 issued in nine of our acquisitions were shares of Class B
 common stock, which have voting rights superior to those of our
 publicly traded Class A common stock.

 We cannot assure you that we will be able to consummate any
 pending or future acquisitions or that we will realize any
 anticipated benefits from these acquisitions. We may not be able
 to find suitable acquisition opportunities that are available at
 attractive valuations, if at all. Even if we do find suitable
 acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to consummate the
 acquisitions on commercially acceptable terms, and any decline
 in the price of our Class A common stock may make it
 significantly more difficult and expensive to initiate or
 consummate additional acquisitions.

 We may
 not be able to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual
 property rights, which could harm our competitive
 position.

 Our success and future revenue growth will depend, in part, on
 our ability to protect our intellectual property. We primarily
 rely on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as
 well as nondisclosure agreements and other methods, to protect
 our proprietary technologies and processes. Despite our efforts
 to protect our proprietary technologies and processes, it is
 possible that competitors or other unauthorized third parties
 may obtain, copy, use or disclose our technologies and
 processes. We currently hold over 3,100 U.S. and 1,400
 foreign patents and have more than 7,600 additional
 U.S. and foreign pending patent applications. However, we
 cannot assure you that any additional patents will be issued.
 Even if a new patent is issued, the claims allowed may not be
 sufficiently broad to protect our technology. In addition, any
 of our existing or future patents may be challenged, invalidated
 or circumvented. As such, any rights granted under these patents
 may not provide us with meaningful protection. We may not be
 able to obtain foreign patents or file pending applications
 corresponding to our U.S. patents and patent applications.
 Even if foreign patents are granted, effective enforcement in
 foreign countries may not be available. If our patents do not
 adequately protect our technology, our competitors may be able
 to offer products similar to ours. Our competitors may also be
 able to develop similar technology independently or design
 around our patents. Some or all of our patents have in the past
 been licensed and likely will in the future be licensed to
 certain of our competitors through cross-license agreements.
 Moreover, because we have participated and continue to
 participate in developing various industry standards, we may be
 required to license some of our patents to others, including
 competitors, who develop products based on those standards.

 Certain of our software (as well as that of our customers) may
 be derived from so-called “open source” software that
 is generally made available to the public by its authors
 and/or other
 third parties. Such open source software is often made available
 under licenses, such as the GNU General Public License, or GPL,
 which impose certain obligations on us in the event we were to
 distribute derivative works of the open source software. These
 obligations may require us to make source code for the
 derivative works available to the public,

and/or
 license such derivative works under a particular type of
 license, rather than the forms of license customarily used to
 protect our intellectual property. In addition, there is little
 or no legal precedent for interpreting the terms of certain of
 these open source licenses, including the determination of which
 works are subject to the terms of such licenses. While we
 believe we have complied with our obligations under the various
 applicable licenses for open source software, in the event that
 the copyright holder of any open source software were to
 successfully establish in court that we had not complied with
 the terms of a license for a particular work, we could be
 required to release the source code of that work to the public

and/or stop
 distribution of that work. With respect to our proprietary
 software, we generally license such software under terms that
 prohibit combining it with open source software as described

 27

Table of Contents

 above. Despite these restrictions, parties may combine Broadcom
 proprietary software with open source software without our
 authorization, in which case we might nonetheless be required to
 release the source code of our proprietary software.

 We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our
 employees, consultants and strategic partners. We also try to
 control access to and distribution of our technologies,
 documentation and other proprietary information. Despite these
 efforts, internal or external parties may attempt to copy,
 disclose, obtain or use our products, services or technology
 without our authorization. Also, current or former employees may
 seek employment with our business partners, customers or
 competitors, and we cannot assure you that the confidential
 nature of our proprietary information will be maintained in the
 course of such future employment. Additionally, current,
 departing or former employees or third parties could attempt to
 penetrate our computer systems and networks to misappropriate
 our proprietary information and technology or interrupt our
 business. Because the techniques used by computer hackers and
 others to access or sabotage networks change frequently and
 generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we
 may be unable to anticipate, counter or ameliorate these
 techniques. As a result, our technologies and processes may be
 misappropriated, particularly in countries where laws may not
 protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States.

 In addition, some of our customers have entered into agreements
 with us that grant them the right to use our proprietary
 technology if we fail to fulfill our obligations, including
 product supply obligations, under those agreements, and if we do
 not correct the failure within a specified time period. Also,
 some customers may require that we make certain intellectual
 property available to our competitors so that the customer has a
 choice among semiconductor vendors for solutions to be
 incorporated into the customer’s products. Moreover, we
 often incorporate the intellectual property of strategic
 customers into our own designs, and have certain obligations not
 to use or disclose their intellectual property without their
 authorization.

 We cannot assure you that our efforts to prevent the
 misappropriation or infringement of our intellectual property or
 the intellectual property of our customers will succeed. We have
 in the past been and currently are engaged in litigation to
 enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, protect our
 trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope of the
 proprietary rights of others, including our customers. It is
 possible that the advent of or developments in such litigation
 may adversely affect our relationships and agreements with
 certain customers that are either involved in such litigation or
 also have business relationships with the party with whom we are
 engaged in litigation. Such litigation (and the settlement
 thereof) has been and will likely continue to be very expensive
 and time consuming. Additionally, any litigation can divert the
 attention of management and other key employees from the
 operation of the business, which could negatively impact our
 business and results of operations.

 Intellectual
 property risks and third party claims of infringement,
 misappropriation of proprietary rights or other claims against
 us could adversely affect our ability to market our products,
 require us to redesign our products or seek licenses from third
 parties, and seriously harm our operating results. In addition,
 the defense of such claims could result in significant costs and
 divert the attention of our management or other key
 employees.

 Companies in and related to the semiconductor industry and the
 wired and wireless communications markets often aggressively
 protect and pursue their intellectual property rights. There are
 various intellectual property risks associated with developing
 and producing new products and entering new markets, and we may
 not be able to obtain, at reasonable cost and upon commercially
 reasonable terms, licenses to intellectual property of others
 that is alleged to read on such new or existing products. From
 time to time, we have received, and may continue to receive,
 notices that claim we have infringed upon, misappropriated or
 misused other parties’ proprietary rights. Moreover, in the
 past we have been and we currently are engaged in litigation
 with parties that claim that we infringed their patents or
 misappropriated or misused their trade secrets. In addition, we
 or our customers may be sued by other parties that claim that
 our products have infringed their patents or misappropriated or
 misused their trade secrets, or which may seek to invalidate one
 or more of our patents. An adverse determination in any of these
 types of disputes could prevent us from manufacturing or selling
 some of our products, limit or restrict the type of work that
 employees involved in such litigation may perform for Broadcom,
 increase our costs of revenue, and expose us to significant
 liability. Any of these claims or litigation may materially and
 adversely affect our

 28

Table of Contents

 business, financial condition and results of operations. For
 example, in a patent or trade secret action, a court could issue
 a preliminary or permanent injunction that would require us to
 withdraw or recall certain products from the market, redesign
 certain products offered for sale or under development, or
 restrict employees from performing work in their areas of
 expertise. We may also be liable for damages for past
 infringement and royalties for future use of the technology, and
 we may be liable for treble damages if infringement is found to
 have been willful. In addition, governmental agencies may
 commence investigations or criminal proceedings against our
 employees, former employees
 and/or the
 company relating to claims of misappropriation or misuse of
 another party’s proprietary rights. We may also have to
 indemnify some customers and strategic partners under our
 agreements with such parties if a third party alleges or if a
 court finds that our products or activities have infringed upon,
 misappropriated or misused another party’s proprietary
 rights. We have received requests from certain customers and
 strategic partners to include increasingly broad indemnification
 provisions in our agreements with them. These indemnification
 provisions may, in some circumstances, extend our liability
 beyond the products we provide to include liability for
 combinations of components or system level designs and for
 consequential damages

and/or lost
 profits. Even if claims or litigation against us are not valid
 or successfully asserted, these claims could result in
 significant costs and diversion of the attention of management
 and other key employees to defend. Additionally, we have sought
 and may in the future seek to obtain licenses under other
 parties’ intellectual property rights and have granted and
 may in the future grant licenses to certain of our intellectual
 property rights to others in connection with cross-license
 agreements or settlements of claims or actions asserted against
 us. However, we may not be able to obtain licenses under
 another’s intellectual property rights on commercially
 reasonable terms, if at all.

 Our products may contain technology provided to us by other
 parties such as contractors, suppliers or customers. We may have
 little or no ability to determine in advance whether such
 technology infringes the intellectual property rights of a third
 party. Our contractors, suppliers and licensors may not be
 required to indemnify us in the event that a claim of
 infringement is asserted against us, or they may be required to
 indemnify us only up to a maximum amount, above which we would
 be responsible for any further costs or damages. In addition, we
 may have little or no ability to correct errors in the
 technology provided by such contractors, suppliers and
 licensors, or to continue to develop new generations of such
 technology. Accordingly, we may be dependent on their ability
 and willingness to do so. In the event of a problem with such
 technology, or in the event that our rights to use such
 technology become impaired, we may be unable to ship our
 products containing such technology, and may be unable to
 replace the technology with a suitable alternative within the
 time frame needed by our customers.

 Because
 we depend on a few significant customers and/or design wins for
 a substantial portion of our revenue, the loss of a key customer
 or design win or any significant delay in our customers’
 product development plans could seriously impact our revenue and
 harm our business. In addition, if we are unable to continue to
 sell existing and new products to our key customers in
 significant quantities or to attract new significant customers,
 our future operating results could be adversely
 affected.

 We have derived a substantial portion of our past revenue from
 sales to a relatively small number of customers. As a result,
 the loss of any significant customer could materially and
 adversely affect our financial condition and results of
 operations.

 Sales to our five largest customers represented 35.8%, 39.7% and
 46.5% of our net revenue in 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively.
 We expect that our largest customers will continue to account
 for a substantial portion of our net revenue in 2009 and for the
 foreseeable future. The identities of our largest customers and
 their respective contributions to our net revenue have varied
 and will likely continue to vary from period to period.

 A significant portion of our revenue may also depend on a single
 product design win with a large customer. As a result, the loss
 of any such key design win or any significant delay in the ramp
 of volume production of the customer’s products into which
 our product is designed could materially and adversely affect
 our financial condition and results of operations. For instance,
 as a result of the recent significant economic downturn, which
 caused a decline in the cellular market, as well as tempered
 expectations of the future growth rate for that market, and an
 increase in our implied discount rate due to higher risk
 premiums, as well as the decline in our market capitalization,
 we had to adjust our assumptions used to assess the estimated
 fair value of our mobile platforms

 29

Table of Contents

 business. In addition, these key design wins are often with
 large customers who have significantly greater financial, sales,
 marketing and other resources than we have and greater
 bargaining and pricing power, which could materially and
 adversely affect our operating margins.

 We may not be able to maintain or increase sales to certain of
 our key customers or continue to secure key design wins for a
 variety of reasons, including the following:

 • 

 most of our customers can stop incorporating our products into
 their own products with limited notice to us and suffer little
 or no penalty;

 • 

 our agreements with our customers typically do not require them
 to purchase a minimum quantity of our products;

 • 

 many of our customers have pre-existing or concurrent
 relationships with our current or potential competitors that may
 affect the customers’ decisions to purchase our products;

 • 

 our customers face intense competition from other manufacturers
 that do not use our products;

 • 

 some of our customers may choose to consolidate their supply
 sources to our detriment; and

 • 

 some of our customers offer or may offer products that compete
 with our products.

 These relationships often require us to develop new products
 that may involve significant technological challenges. Our
 customers frequently place considerable pressure on us to meet
 their tight development schedules. Accordingly, we may have to
 devote a substantial portion of our resources to strategic
 relationships, which could detract from or delay our completion
 of other important development projects or the development of
 next generation products and technologies. Delays in development
 could impair our relationships with strategic customers and
 negatively impact sales of the products under development.

 In addition, our longstanding relationships with some larger
 customers may also deter other potential customers who compete
 with these customers from buying our products. To attract new
 customers or retain existing customers, we may offer certain
 customers favorable prices on our products. We may have to offer
 the same lower prices to certain of our customers who have
 contractual “most favored nation” pricing
 arrangements. In that event, our average selling prices and
 gross margins would decline. The loss of a key customer or
 design win, a reduction in sales to any key customer, a
 significant delay in our customers’ product development
 plans or our inability to attract new significant customers or
 secure new key design wins could seriously impact our revenue
 and materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

 We may be
 unable to attract, retain or motivate key senior management and
 technical personnel, which could seriously harm our
 business.

 Our future success depends to a significant extent upon the
 continued service of our key senior management personnel,
 including our Chief Executive Officer, Scott A. McGregor, other
 senior executives, and our Senior Technical Advisor,
 Dr. Samueli. We have employment agreements with
 Mr. McGregor and certain other executive officers; however
 the agreements do not govern the length of their service with
 Broadcom. We do not have employment agreements with most of our
 elected officers, or any other key employees, although we do
 have limited change in control severance benefit arrangements in
 place with certain executives. The loss of the services of
 Mr. McGregor or certain other key senior management or
 technical personnel could materially and adversely affect our
 business, financial condition and results of operations. For
 instance, if certain of these individuals were to leave our
 company unexpectedly, we could face substantial difficulty in
 hiring qualified successors and could experience a loss in
 productivity during the search for and while any such successor
 is integrated into our business and operations.

 Furthermore, our future success depends on our ability to
 continue to attract, retain and motivate senior management and
 qualified technical personnel, particularly software engineers,
 digital circuit designers, RF and mixed-signal circuit designers
 and systems applications engineers. Competition for these
 employees is intense. If we are unable to attract, retain and
 motivate such personnel in sufficient numbers and on a timely
 basis, we will experience difficulty in implementing our current
 business and product plans. In that event, we may be unable to
 successfully meet competitive challenges or to exploit potential
 market opportunities, which could adversely affect our business
 and results of operations.

 30

Table of Contents

 Equity awards generally comprise a significant portion of our
 compensation packages for all employees. During the time that
 our periodic filings with the SEC were not current, as a result
 of the voluntary review of our equity award practices, we were
 not able to issue shares of our common stock pursuant to equity
 awards. We cannot be certain that we will be able to continue to
 attract, retain and motivate employees if we are unable to issue
 shares of our common stock pursuant to equity awards for a
 sustained period or in the event of substantial
 and/or
 prolonged declines in the price of our Class A common stock.

 We have recently effected a number of cost saving measures and
 have announced a restructuring plan in January 2009, both of
 which could negatively impact employee morale. Over the last few
 years we have also modified our compensation policies by
 increasing cash compensation to certain employees and
 instituting awards of restricted stock units, while
 simultaneously reducing awards of stock options. This
 modification of our compensation policies and the applicability
 of the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards, or SFAS,
 No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-based Payment, or
 SFAS 123R requirement to expense the fair value of equity
 awards to employees have increased our operating expenses.
 However, because we are mindful of the dilutive impact of our
 equity awards, we intend to further reduce the number of equity
 awards granted to employees over the next few years. While this
 may have a positive impact on our operating expenses over time,
 it may negatively impact employee morale and our ability to
 attract, retain and motivate employees. Our inability to attract
 and retain additional key employees and any increase in
 stock-based compensation expense could each have an adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition and results of
 operations.

 We depend
 on five independent foundry subcontractors to manufacture
 substantially all of our current products, and any failure to
 secure and maintain sufficient foundry capacity could materially
 and adversely affect our business.

 We do not own or operate a fabrication facility. Five
 third-party foundry subcontractors located in Asia manufacture
 substantially all of our semiconductor devices in current
 production. Availability of foundry capacity has at times in the
 past been reduced due to strong demand. If we are unable to
 secure sufficient capacity at our existing foundries, or in the
 event of a public health emergency or closure at any of these
 foundries, our revenues, cost of revenues and results of
 operations would be negatively impacted.

 In September 1999 two of our third-party foundries’
 principal facilities were affected by a significant earthquake
 in Taiwan. As a consequence of this earthquake, they suffered
 power outages and equipment damage that impaired their wafer
 deliveries, which, together with strong demand, resulted in
 wafer shortages and higher wafer pricing industrywide. If any of
 our foundries experiences a shortage in capacity, suffers any
 damage to its facilities, experiences power outages, suffers an
 adverse outcome in pending or future litigation, or encounters
 financial difficulties or any other disruption of foundry
 capacity, we may encounter supply delays or disruptions, and we
 may need to qualify an alternative foundry. Our current
 foundries need to have new manufacturing processes qualified if
 there is a disruption in an existing process. We typically
 require several months to qualify a new foundry or process
 before we can begin shipping products from it. If we cannot
 accomplish this qualification in a timely manner, we may
 experience a significant interruption in supply of the affected
 products.

 Because we rely on outside foundries, we face several
 significant risks in addition to those discussed above,
 including:

 • 

 a lack of guaranteed wafer supply and higher wafer prices,
 particularly in light of the recent volatility in the
 commodities markets, which has the impact of increasing the cost
 of metals used in production of wafers;

 • 

 limited control over delivery schedules, quality assurance,
 manufacturing yields and production costs and other
 terms; and

 • 

 the unavailability of, or potential delays in obtaining access
 to, key process technologies.

 The manufacture of integrated circuits is a highly complex and
 technologically demanding process. Although we work closely with
 our foundries to minimize the likelihood of reduced
 manufacturing yields, our foundries have from time to time
 experienced lower than anticipated manufacturing yields. This
 often occurs during the production of new products or the
 installation and
 start-up of
 new process technologies. Poor yields from our foundries could
 result in product shortages or delays in product shipments,
 which could seriously harm our relationships with our customers
 and materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

 31

Table of Contents

 The ability of each foundry to provide us with semiconductor
 devices is limited by its available capacity and existing
 obligations. Although we have entered into contractual
 commitments to supply specified levels of products to some of
 our customers, we do not have a long-term volume purchase
 agreement or a significant guaranteed level of production
 capacity with any of our foundries. Foundry capacity may not be
 available when we need it or at reasonable prices. Availability
 of foundry capacity has in the past been reduced from time to
 time due to strong demand. Foundries can allocate capacity to
 the production of other companies’ products and reduce
 deliveries to us on short notice. It is possible that foundry
 customers that are larger and better financed than we are, or
 that have long-term agreements with our main foundries, may
 induce our foundries to reallocate capacity to them. This
 reallocation could impair our ability to secure the supply of
 components that we need. Although we use five independent
 foundries to manufacture substantially all of our semiconductor
 products, each component is typically manufactured at only one
 or two foundries at any given time, and if any of our foundries
 is unable to provide us with components as needed and under
 acceptable terms, we could experience significant delays in
 securing sufficient supplies of those components. Also, our
 third party foundries typically migrate capacity to newer,
 state-of-the-art manufacturing processes on a regular basis,
 which may create capacity shortages for our products designed to
 be manufactured on an older process. We cannot assure you that
 any of our existing or new foundries will be able to produce
 integrated circuits with acceptable manufacturing yields, or
 that our foundries will be able to deliver enough semiconductor
 devices to us on a timely basis, or on reasonable terms or at
 reasonable prices. These and other related factors could impair
 our ability to meet our customers’ needs and have a
 material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition
 and results of operations.

 Although we may utilize new foundries for other products in the
 future, in using any new foundries we will be subject to all of
 the risks described in the foregoing paragraphs with respect to
 our current foundries.

 We depend
 on third-party subcontractors to assemble, obtain packaging
 materials for, and test substantially all of our current
 products. If we lose the services of any of our subcontractors
 or if these subcontractors are unable to obtain sufficient
 packaging materials, shipments of our products may be disrupted,
 which could harm our customer relationships and adversely affect
 our net sales.

 We do not own or operate an assembly or test facility. Eight
 third-party subcontractors located in Asia assemble, obtain
 packaging materials for, and test substantially all of our
 current products. Because we rely on third-party subcontractors
 to perform these functions, we cannot directly control our
 product delivery schedules and quality assurance. This lack of
 control has resulted, and could in the future result, in product
 shortages or quality assurance problems that could delay
 shipments of our products or increase our manufacturing,
 assembly or testing costs.

 In the past we and others in our industry experienced a shortage
 in the supply of packaging substrates that we use for our
 products. If our third-party subcontractors are unable to obtain
 sufficient packaging materials for our products in a timely
 manner, we may experience a significant product shortage or
 delay in product shipments, which could seriously harm our
 customer relationships and materially and adversely affect our
 net sales. Additionally, the recent volatility in the
 commodities markets could significantly increase our substrate
 costs.

 We do not have long-term agreements with any of our assembly or
 test subcontractors and typically procure services from these
 suppliers on a per order basis. If any of these subcontractors
 experiences financial difficulties in the current global
 economic environment, suffers any damage to its facilities,
 experiences power outages or any other disruption of assembly or
 testing capacity, or is unable to obtain sufficient packaging
 materials for our products, we may not be able to obtain
 alternative assembly and testing services in a timely manner.
 Due to the amount of time that it usually takes us to qualify
 assemblers and testers, we could experience significant delays
 in product shipments if we are required to find alternative
 assemblers or testers for our components. Any problems that we
 may encounter with the delivery, quality or cost of our products
 could damage our customer relationships and materially and
 adversely affect our results of operations. We are continuing to
 develop relationships with additional third-party subcontractors
 to assemble and test our products. However, even if we use these
 new subcontractors, we will continue to be subject to all of the
 risks described above.

 32

Table of Contents

 The
 complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or
 expenses and in undetected defects, or bugs, which could damage
 our reputation with current or prospective customers, result in
 significant costs and claims, and adversely affect the market
 acceptance of new products.

 Highly complex products such as the products that we offer
 frequently contain hardware or software defects or bugs when
 they are first introduced or as new versions are released. Our
 products have previously experienced, and may in the future
 experience, these defects and bugs. If any of our products
 contains defects or bugs, or has reliability, quality or
 compatibility problems, our reputation may be damaged and
 customers may be reluctant to buy our products, which could
 materially and adversely affect our ability to retain existing
 customers and attract new customers. In addition, these defects
 or bugs could interrupt or delay sales or shipment of our
 products to customers. To alleviate these problems, we may have
 to invest significant capital and other resources. Although our
 products are tested by us, our subcontractors, suppliers and
 customers, it is possible that new products will contain defects
 or bugs. If any of these problems are not found until after we
 have commenced commercial production of a new product, we may be
 required to incur additional development costs and product
 recall, repair or field replacement costs. These problems may
 divert our technical and other resources from other development
 efforts and could result in claims against us by our customers
 or others, including possible claims for consequential damages
 and/or lost
 profits. Moreover, we may lose, or experience a delay in, market
 acceptance of the affected product or products, and we could
 lose credibility with our current and prospective customers. In
 addition, system and handset providers that purchase components
 may require that we assume liability for defects associated with
 products produced by their manufacturing subcontractors and
 require that we provide a warranty for defects or other problems
 which may arise at the system level.

 To remain
 competitive, we must keep pace with rapid technological change
 and evolving industry standards in the semiconductor industry
 and the wired and wireless communications markets.

 Our future success will depend on our ability to anticipate and
 adapt to changes in technology and industry standards and our
 customers’ changing demands. We sell products in markets
 that are characterized by rapid technological change, evolving
 industry standards, frequent new product introductions, short
 product life cycles and increasing demand for higher levels of
 integration and smaller process geometries. Our past sales and
 profitability have resulted, to a large extent, from our ability
 to anticipate changes in technology and industry standards and
 to develop and introduce new and enhanced products incorporating
 the new standards and technologies. Our ability to adapt to
 these changes and to anticipate future standards, and the rate
 of adoption and acceptance of those standards, will be a
 significant factor in maintaining or improving our competitive
 position and prospects for growth. If new industry standards
 emerge, our products or our customers’ products could
 become unmarketable or obsolete, and we could lose market share.
 We may also have to incur substantial unanticipated costs to
 comply with these new standards. In addition, our target markets
 continue to undergo rapid growth and consolidation. A
 significant slowdown in any of these wired and wireless
 communications markets could materially and adversely affect our
 business, financial condition and results of operations. These
 rapid technological changes and evolving industry standards make
 it difficult to formulate a long-term growth strategy because
 the semiconductor industry and the wired and wireless
 communications markets may not continue to develop to the extent
 or in the time periods that we anticipate. We have invested
 substantial resources in emerging technologies that did not
 achieve the market acceptance that we had expected. If new
 markets do not develop as and when we anticipate, or if our
 products do not gain widespread acceptance in those markets, our
 business, financial condition and results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 As our
 international business expands, we are increasingly exposed to
 various legal, business, political and economic risks associated
 with our international operations.

 We currently obtain substantially all of our manufacturing,
 assembly and testing services from suppliers located outside the
 United States. In addition, 40.5%, 35.5% and 28.2% of our net
 revenue in 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively, was derived from
 sales to independent customers outside the United States,
 excluding foreign subsidiaries or manufacturing subcontractors
 of customers that are headquartered in the United States. We
 also frequently ship products to our domestic customers’
 international manufacturing divisions and subcontractors.
 Products shipped to international destinations, primarily in
 Asia, represented 88.7%, 87.4% and 86.5% of our net

 33

Table of Contents

 revenue in 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. We also undertake
 design and development activities in Belgium, Canada, China,
 Denmark, France, Greece, India, Israel, Japan, Korea, the
 Netherlands, Spain, Taiwan and the United Kingdom, among other
 locations. In addition, we undertake various sales and marketing
 activities through regional offices in a number of countries. We
 intend to continue to expand our international business
 activities and to open other design and operational centers
 abroad. The continuing effects of the war in Iraq and terrorist
 attacks in the United States and abroad, the resulting
 heightened security, and the increasing risk of extended
 international military conflicts may adversely impact our
 international sales and could make our international operations
 more expensive. International operations are subject to many
 other inherent risks, including but not limited to:

 • 

 political, social and economic instability;

 • 

 exposure to different business practices and legal standards,
 particularly with respect to intellectual property;

 • 

 natural disasters and public health emergencies;

 • 

 nationalization of business and blocking of cash flows;

 • 

 trade and travel restrictions;

 • 

 the imposition of governmental controls and restrictions and
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

 • 

 burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws;

 • 

 import and export license requirements and restrictions of the
 United States and each other country in which we operate;

 • 

 foreign technical standards;

 • 

 changes in taxation and tariffs;

 • 

 difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;

 • 

 difficulties in collecting receivables from foreign entities or
 delayed revenue recognition; and

 • 

 potentially adverse tax consequences.

 Any of the factors described above may have a material adverse
 effect on our ability to increase or maintain our foreign sales.

 We currently operate under tax holidays and favorable tax
 incentives in certain foreign jurisdictions. For instance, in
 Singapore we operate under tax holidays that reduce taxes on
 substantially all of our operating income. Such tax holidays and
 incentives often require us to meet specified employment and
 investment criteria in such jurisdictions. However, we cannot
 assure you that we will continue to meet such criteria or enjoy
 such tax holidays and incentives, or realize any net tax
 benefits from tax holidays or incentives. If any of our tax
 holidays or incentives are terminated, our results of operations
 may be materially and adversely affected.

 Economic conditions in our primary overseas markets,
 particularly in Asia, may negatively impact the demand for our
 products abroad. All of our international sales to date have
 been denominated in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, an increase
 in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign
 currencies could make our products less competitive in
 international markets or require us to assume the risk of
 denominating certain sales in foreign currencies. We anticipate
 that these factors will impact our business to a greater degree
 as we further expand our international business activities.

 In addition, a significant portion of our cash and marketable
 securities are held in
 non-U.S. domiciled
 countries.

 We face
 intense competition in the semiconductor industry and the wired
 and wireless communications markets, which could reduce our
 market share in existing markets and affect our entry into new
 markets.

 The semiconductor industry and the wired and wireless
 communications markets are intensely competitive. We expect
 competition to continue to increase as industry standards become
 well known and as other competitors enter our target markets. We
 currently compete with a number of major domestic and
 international suppliers of integrated circuits and related
 applications in our target markets. We also compete with
 suppliers of system-level and motherboard-level solutions
 incorporating integrated circuits that are proprietary or
 sourced from manufacturers other than Broadcom. In all of our
 target markets we also may face competition from newly
 established competitors, suppliers of products based on new or
 emerging technologies, and customers who choose to develop their
 own semiconductor solutions. We expect to encounter further
 consolidation in the markets in which we compete.

 34

Table of Contents

 Many of our competitors operate their own fabrication facilities
 and have longer operating histories and presence in key markets,
 greater name recognition, larger customer bases, and
 significantly greater financial, sales and marketing,
 manufacturing, distribution, technical and other resources than
 we do. These competitors may be able to adapt more quickly to
 new or emerging technologies and changes in customer
 requirements. They may also be able to devote greater resources
 to the promotion and sale of their products. In addition,
 current and potential competitors have established or may
 establish financial or strategic relationships among themselves
 or with existing or potential customers, resellers or other
 third parties. Accordingly, new competitors or alliances among
 competitors could emerge and rapidly acquire significant market
 share. Existing or new competitors may also develop technologies
 that more effectively address our markets with products that
 offer enhanced features and functionality, lower power
 requirements, greater levels of integration or lower cost.
 Increased competition has resulted in and is likely to continue
 to result in declining average selling prices, reduced gross
 margins and loss of market share in certain markets. We cannot
 assure you that we will be able to continue to compete
 successfully against current or new competitors. If we do not
 compete successfully, we may lose market share in our existing
 markets and our revenues may fail to increase or may decline.

 We may
 experience difficulties in transitioning to smaller geometry
 process technologies or in achieving higher levels of design
 integration, which may result in reduced manufacturing yields,
 delays in product deliveries and increased expenses.

 To remain competitive, we expect to continue to transition our
 semiconductor products to increasingly smaller line width
 geometries. This transition requires us to modify the
 manufacturing processes for our products and to redesign some
 products as well as standard cells and other integrated circuit
 designs that we may use in multiple products. We periodically
 evaluate the benefits, on a
 product-by-product
 basis, of migrating to smaller geometry process technologies to
 reduce our costs. Currently most of our products are
 manufactured in .35 micron, .22 micron, .18 micron, .13
 micron, 90 nanometer or 65 nanometer geometry processes.
 Although the majority of our products are currently manufactured
 in .13 microns, we are now designing most new products in
 65 nanometers and planning for the transition to smaller
 process geometries. In the past, we have experienced some
 difficulties in shifting to smaller geometry process
 technologies or new manufacturing processes, which resulted in
 reduced manufacturing yields, delays in product deliveries and
 increased expenses. The transition to 65 nanometer geometry
 process technology has resulted in significantly higher mask and
 prototyping costs, as well as additional expenditures for
 engineering design tools and related computer hardware. We may
 face similar difficulties, delays and expenses as we continue to
 transition our products to smaller geometry processes.

 We are dependent on our relationships with our foundry
 subcontractors to transition to smaller geometry processes
 successfully. We cannot assure you that the foundries that we
 use will be able to effectively manage the transition in a
 timely manner, or at all, or that we will be able to maintain
 our existing foundry relationships or develop new ones. If any
 of our foundry subcontractors or we experience significant
 delays in this transition or fail to efficiently implement this
 transition, we could experience reduced manufacturing yields,
 delays in product deliveries and increased expenses, all of
 which could harm our relationships with our customers and our
 results of operations.

 As smaller geometry processes become more prevalent, we expect
 to continue to integrate greater levels of functionality, as
 well as customer and third party intellectual property, into our
 products. However, we may not be able to achieve higher levels
 of design integration or deliver new integrated products on a
 timely basis, if at all. Moreover, even if we are able to
 achieve higher levels of design integration, such integration
 may have an adverse impact on our operating results, as a result
 of increasing costs and expenditures as described above as well
 as the risk that we may reduce our revenue by integrating the
 functionality of multiple chips into a single chip.

 35

Table of Contents

 We had a
 material weakness in internal control over financial reporting
 prior to 2007 and cannot assure you that additional material
 weaknesses will not be identified in the future. If our internal
 control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and
 procedures are not effective, there may be errors in our
 financial statements that could require a restatement or our
 filings may not be timely and investors may lose confidence in
 our reported financial information, which could lead to a
 decline in our stock price.

 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us
 to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over
 financial reporting as of the end of each year, and to include a
 management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal
 control over financial reporting in each Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.
 Section 404 also requires our independent registered public
 accounting firm to attest to and report on Broadcom’s
 internal control over financial reporting.

 In assessing the findings of the voluntary equity award review
 as well as the restatement of our consolidated financial
 statements for periods ended on or before March 31, 2006,
 our management concluded that there was a material weakness, as
 defined in Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Auditing
 Standard No. 2, in our internal control over financial
 reporting as of December 31, 2005. Management believes this
 material weakness was remediated September 19, 2006 and,
 accordingly, no longer exists as of the date of this filing.

 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer, does not expect that our internal control
 over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud.
 A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can
 provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
 control system’s objectives will be met. Further, the
 design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are
 resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be
 considered relative to their costs. Controls can be circumvented
 by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or
 more people, or by management override of the controls. Over
 time, controls may become inadequate because changes in
 conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with
 policies or procedures may occur. Because of the inherent
 limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements
 due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

 As a result, we cannot assure you that significant deficiencies
 or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
 reporting will not be identified in the future. Any failure to
 maintain or implement required new or improved controls, or any
 difficulties we encounter in their implementation, could result
 in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses, cause us to
 fail to timely meet our periodic reporting obligations, or
 result in material misstatements in our financial statements.
 Any such failure could also adversely affect the results of
 periodic management evaluations and annual auditor attestation
 reports regarding disclosure controls and the effectiveness of
 our internal control over financial reporting required under
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules
 promulgated thereunder. The existence of a material weakness
 could result in errors in our financial statements that could
 result in a restatement of financial statements, cause us to
 fail to timely meet our reporting obligations and cause
 investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
 information, leading to a decline in our stock price.

 Our stock
 price is highly volatile. Accordingly, you may not be able to
 resell your shares of common stock at or above the price you
 paid for them.

 The market price of our Class A common stock has fluctuated
 substantially in the past and is likely to continue to be highly
 volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. During 2008 our
 Class A common stock has traded at prices as low as $12.98
 and as high as $29.91 per share. Recently we have experienced a
 substantial decline in the market price of our Class A
 common stock. Fluctuations have occurred and may continue to
 occur in response to various factors, many of which we cannot
 control, including:

 • 

 general economic and political conditions and specific
 conditions in the markets we address, including the continued
 volatility in the technology sector and semiconductor industry,
 current general economic volatility, trends in the broadband
 communications markets in various geographic regions, including
 seasonality in sales of consumer products into which our
 products are incorporated;

 • 

 quarter-to-quarter variations in our operating results;

 • 

 changes in earnings estimates or investment recommendations by
 analysts;

 • 

 rulings in currently pending or newly-instituted intellectual
 property litigation;

 36

Table of Contents

 • 

 other newly-instituted litigation or governmental investigations
 or an adverse decision or outcome in any litigation or
 investigations;

 • 

 announcements of changes in our senior management;

 • 

 the gain or loss of one or more significant customers or
 suppliers;

 • 

 announcements of technological innovations or new products by
 our competitors, customers or us;

 • 

 the gain or loss of market share in any of our markets;

 • 

 changes in accounting rules;

 • 

 continuing international conflicts and acts of terrorism;

 • 

 changes in the methods, metrics or measures used by analysts to
 evaluate our stock;

 • 

 changes in investor perceptions; or

 • 

 changes in expectations relating to our products, plans and
 strategic position or those of our competitors or customers.

 In addition, the market prices of securities of
 Internet-related, semiconductor and other technology companies
 have been and remain volatile. This volatility has significantly
 affected the market prices of securities of many technology
 companies for reasons frequently unrelated to the operating
 performance of the specific companies. Accordingly, you may not
 be able to resell your shares of common stock at or above the
 price you paid. In the past, we and other companies that have
 experienced volatility in the market price of their securities
 have been, and we currently are, the subject of securities class
 action litigation.

 Due to the nature of our compensation programs, most of our
 executive officers sell shares of our common stock each quarter
 or otherwise periodically, often pursuant to trading plans
 established under
 Rule 10b5-1
 promulgated under the Exchange Act. As a result, sales of shares
 by our executive officers may not be indicative of their
 respective opinions of Broadcom’s performance at the time
 of sale or of our potential future performance. Nonetheless, the
 market price of our stock may be affected by sales of shares by
 our executive officers.

 Our
 co-founders and their affiliates can control the outcome of
 matters that require the approval of our shareholders, and
 accordingly we will not be able to engage in certain
 transactions without their approval.

 As of December 31, 2008 our co-founders, directors,
 executive officers and their respective affiliates beneficially
 owned 13.6% of our outstanding common stock and held 58.4% of
 the total voting power held by our shareholders. Accordingly,
 these shareholders currently have enough voting power to control
 the outcome of matters that require the approval of our
 shareholders. These matters include the election of our Board of
 Directors, the issuance of additional shares of Class B
 common stock, and the approval of most significant corporate
 transactions, including certain mergers and consolidations and
 the sale of substantially all of our assets. In particular, as
 of December 31, 2008 our two founders, Dr. Henry T.
 Nicholas III and Dr. Samueli, who are no longer
 officers or directors of Broadcom, beneficially owned a total of
 12.7% of our outstanding common stock and held 58.2% of the
 total voting power held by our shareholders. Because of their
 significant voting stock ownership, we will not be able to
 engage in certain transactions, and our shareholders will not be
 able to effect certain actions or transactions, without the
 approval of one or both of these shareholders and their
 respective spouses. These actions and transactions include
 changes in the composition of our Board of Directors, certain
 mergers, and the sale of control of our company by means of a
 tender offer, open market purchases or other purchases of our
 Class A common stock, or otherwise. Repurchases of shares
 of our Class A common stock under our share repurchase
 program will result in an increase in the total voting power of
 our co-founders, directors, executive officers and their
 affiliates, as well as other continuing shareholders.

 Some of
 the independent foundries upon which we rely to manufacture our
 products, as well as our own California and Singapore
 facilities, are located in regions that are subject to
 earthquakes and other natural disasters.

 One of the third-party foundries upon which we rely to
 manufacture substantially all of our semiconductor devices is
 located in Taiwan. Taiwan has experienced significant
 earthquakes in the past and could be subject to additional
 earthquakes. Any earthquake or other natural disaster, such as a
 tsunami, in a country in which any of our foundries is located
 could significantly disrupt our foundries’ production
 capabilities and could result in our experiencing a significant
 delay in delivery, or substantial shortage, of wafers and
 possibly in higher wafer prices.

 37

Table of Contents

 Our California facilities, including our principal executive
 offices and major design centers, are located near major
 earthquake fault lines. Our international distribution center
 and some of our third-party foundries are located in Singapore,
 which could also be subject to an earthquake, tsunami or other
 natural disaster. If there is a major earthquake or any other
 natural disaster in a region where one or more of our facilities
 are located, our operations could be significantly disrupted.
 Although we have established business interruption plans to
 prepare for any such event, we cannot guarantee that we will be
 able to effectively address all interruptions that such an event
 could cause.

 Any supply disruption or business interruption could materially
 and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
 results of operations.

 Changes
 in current or future laws or regulations or the imposition of
 new laws or regulations by federal or state agencies or foreign
 governments could impede the sale of our products or otherwise
 harm our business.

 Changes in current laws or regulations applicable to us or the
 imposition of new laws and regulations in the United States or
 elsewhere could materially and adversely affect our business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 The effects of regulation on our customers or the industries in
 which they operate may materially and adversely impact our
 business. For example, the Federal Communications Commission has
 broad jurisdiction over each of our target markets in the United
 States. Although current FCC regulations and the laws and
 regulations of other federal or state agencies are not directly
 applicable to our products, they do apply to much of the
 equipment into which our products are incorporated. FCC
 regulatory policies that affect the ability of cable or
 satellite operators or telephone companies to offer certain
 services to their customers or other aspects of their business
 may impede sales of our products in the United States. For
 example, in the past we have experienced delays when products
 incorporating our chips failed to comply with FCC emissions
 specifications.

 In addition, we and our customers are subject to various import
 and export regulations of the United States government. Changes
 in or violations of such regulations could materially and
 adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
 of operations. Additionally, various government export
 regulations apply to the encryption or other features contained
 in some of our products. We have made numerous filings and
 applied for and received a number of export licenses under these
 regulations. However, if we fail to continue to receive licenses
 or otherwise comply with these regulations, we may be unable to
 manufacture the affected products at our foreign foundries or to
 ship these products to certain customers located outside of the
 United States.

 We and our customers may also be subject to regulation by
 countries other than the United States. Foreign governments may
 impose tariffs, duties and other import restrictions on
 components that we obtain from non-domestic suppliers and may
 impose export restrictions on products that we sell
 internationally. These tariffs, duties or restrictions could
 materially and adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 Due to environmental concerns, the use of lead and other
 hazardous substances in electronic components and systems is
 receiving increased attention. In response, the European Union
 passed the Restriction on Hazardous Substances, or RoHS,
 Directive, legislation that limits the use of lead and other
 hazardous substances in electrical equipment. The RoHS Directive
 became effective July 1, 2006. We believe that our current
 product designs and material supply chains are in compliance
 with the RoHS Directive.

 Our
 articles of incorporation and bylaws contain anti-takeover
 provisions that could prevent or discourage a third party from
 acquiring us.

 Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that
 may prevent or discourage a third party from acquiring us, even
 if the acquisition would be beneficial to our shareholders. In
 addition, we have in the past issued and may in the future issue
 shares of Class B common stock in connection with certain
 acquisitions, upon exercise of certain stock options, and for
 other purposes. Class B shares have superior voting rights
 entitling the holder to ten votes for each share held on matters
 that we submit to a shareholder vote (as compared to one vote
 per share in the case of our Class A common stock) as well
 as the right to vote separately as a class (i) as required
 by law and (ii) in the case of a proposed issuance of
 additional shares of Class B common stock, unless such

 38

Table of Contents

 issuance is approved by at least two-thirds of the members of
 the Board of Directors then in office. Our Board of Directors
 also has the authority to fix the rights and preferences of
 shares of our preferred stock and to issue shares of common or
 preferred stock without a shareholder vote. It is possible that
 the provisions in our charter documents, the exercise of
 supervoting rights by holders of our Class B common stock,
 our co-founders’, directors’ and officers’
 ownership of a majority of the Class B common stock, or the
 ability of our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock or
 additional shares of Class B common stock may prevent or
 discourage third parties from acquiring us, even if the
 acquisition would be beneficial to our shareholders. In
 addition, these factors may discourage third parties from
 bidding for our Class A common stock at a premium over the
 market price for our stock. These factors may also materially
 and adversely affect voting and other rights of the holders of
 our common stock and the market price of our Class A common
 stock.