Before deciding to purchase, hold or sell our common stock,
 you should carefully consider the risks described below in
 addition to the other cautionary statements and risks described
 elsewhere, and the other information contained, in this Report
 and in our other filings with the SEC, including our amended and
 subsequent reports on
 Forms 10-K/A,

10-Q/A,

10-Q and

8-K. The
 risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we
 face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to
 us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our
 business. If any of these known or unknown risks or
 uncertainties actually occurs with material adverse effects on
 Broadcom, our business, financial condition, results of
 operations

and/or
 liquidity could be seriously harmed. In that event, the market
 price for our Class A common stock will likely decline, and
 you may lose all or part of your investment.

 Our
 operating results for 2006 and prior periods have been
 materially and adversely impacted by the results of the
 voluntary review of our past equity award practices. Any related
 action by a governmental agency could result in civil or
 criminal sanctions against certain of our former officers,
 directors
 and/or
 employees and might result in such sanctions against us

and/or
 certain of our current officers, directors

and/or
 employees. Such matters and civil litigation relating to our
 past equity award practices or the January 2007 restatement of
 our financial statements for periods ended on or before
 March 31, 2006 could result in significant costs and the
 diversion of attention of our management and other key
 employees.

 In connection with our recent equity award review, we restated
 our financial statements for each of the years ended
 December 31, 1998 through December 31, 2005, and for
 the first quarter of 2006. Accordingly, you should not rely on
 financial information included in the reports on
 Form 10-K,

Form 10-Q
 and

Form 8-K
 previously filed by Broadcom, the related opinions of our
 independent registered public accounting firm, earnings press
 releases and similar communications issued by us, for periods
 ended on or before March 31, 2006, all of which have been
 superseded in their entirety by the information contained in our

2005 Form 10-K/A
 and our amended Quarterly Report on

Form 10-Q/A
 for the three months ended March 31, 2006, each filed
 January 23, 2007.

 Based on the results of the equity award review, the Audit
 Committee of our Board of Directors concluded that, pursuant to
 Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, Accounting
 for Stock Issued to Employees, or APB 25, and related
 interpretations, the accounting measurement dates for most of
 the stock option grants awarded between June 1998 and May 2003,
 covering options to purchase 232.9 million shares of our
 Class A or Class B common stock, differed from the
 measurement dates previously used for such awards. As a result,
 revised measurement dates were applied to the affected option
 grants and Broadcom recorded a total of $2.259 billion in
 additional stock-based compensation expense for the years 1998
 through 2005. After related tax adjustments of
 $38.7 million, the restatement resulted in total net
 adjustments of $2.220 billion for the years 1998 through
 2005. This amount was

 21

Table of Contents

 net of forfeitures related to employee terminations. The
 additional stock-based compensation expense was amortized over
 the service period relating to each option, typically four
 years, with approximately 95% of the total expense recorded in
 years prior to 2004. In addition, $17.2 million of net
 adjustments were recorded in connection with our equity award
 review in the three months ended March 31, 2006.

 These expenses had the effect of decreasing income from
 operations, net income, and net income per share (basic and
 diluted) in affected periods in which we reported a profit, and
 increasing loss from operations, net loss, and net loss per
 share in affected periods in which we reported a loss.
 Information regarding the effect of the restatement on our
 financial statements for various periods is provided in
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations” included in
 Part II, Item 7 of this Report.

 In June 2006 we received an informal request for information
 from the staff of the Los Angeles regional office of the
 Securities and Exchange Commission regarding our option granting
 practices. In December 2006 we were informed that the SEC issued
 a formal order of investigation in the matter. We are
 cooperating with the SEC investigation, but do not know when or
 how it will be resolved or what, if any, actions the SEC may
 require us to take as part of the resolution of that matter.

 Broadcom has also been informally contacted by the
 U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Central District of
 California and has been asked to produce on a voluntary basis
 documents, many of which we previously provided to the SEC. We
 are cooperating with this request. Any action by the SEC, the
 U.S. Attorney’s Office or other governmental agency
 could result in civil or criminal sanctions against certain of
 our former officers, directors
 and/or
 employees and might result in such sanctions against us

and/or
 certain of our current officers, directors

and/or
 employees.

 Additionally, as discussed in Note 11 of Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part IV,
 Item 15 of this Report, we currently are engaged in civil
 litigation with parties that claim, among other allegations,
 that certain of our current and former directors and officers
 improperly dated stock option grants to enhance their own
 profits on the exercise of such options or for other improper
 purposes. Although we and the other defendants intend to defend
 these claims vigorously, there are many uncertainties associated
 with any litigation, and we cannot assure you that these actions
 will be resolved without substantial costs
 and/or
 settlement charges. We have entered into indemnification
 agreements with each of our present and former directors and
 officers. Under those agreements, Broadcom is required to
 indemnify each such director or officer against expenses,
 including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and
 settlements, paid by such individual in connection with the
 pending litigation (other than indemnified liabilities arising
 from willful misconduct or conduct that is knowingly fraudulent
 or deliberately dishonest).

 The resolution of the pending investigations by the SEC and
 U.S. Attorney’s Office, the defense of our pending
 civil litigation, and the defense of any additional litigation
 relating to our past equity award practices or the January 2007
 restatement of our prior financial statements could result in
 significant costs and diversion of the attention of management
 and other key employees.

 The
 implementation of new accounting rules related to the expensing
 of stock-based awards negatively impacted our operating results
 in 2006 and will continue to do so in 2007 and thereafter. Any
 subsequent changes in accounting rules may also have an adverse
 effect on our results of operations.

 We adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards, or SFAS,
 No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment, or
 SFAS 123R, effective January 1, 2006. SFAS 123R
 requires all share-based payment awards to employees, including
 grants of stock options, restricted stock units and employee
 stock purchase rights, to be recognized in our financial
 statements based on their respective grant date fair values and
 does not allow the previously permitted pro forma
 disclosure-only method as an alternative to financial statement
 recognition.

 The adoption of SFAS 123R will have a significant adverse
 impact on our reported results of operations because the
 stock-based compensation expense is charged directly against our
 reported earnings. Stock-based compensation expense and unearned
 stock-based compensation will increase to the extent that we
 increase our work force, grant additional equity awards to
 employees or assume unvested equity awards in connection with
 acquisitions.

 22

Table of Contents

 Any other subsequent changes in the accounting rules applicable
 to Broadcom may also have an adverse effect on our results of
 operations.

 We had a
 material weakness in internal control over financial reporting
 and cannot assure you that additional material weaknesses will
 not be identified in the future. If our internal control over
 financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures are
 not effective, there may be errors in our financial statements
 that could require a restatement or our filings may not be
 timely and investors may lose confidence in our reported
 financial information, which could lead to a decline in our
 stock price.

 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us
 to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over
 financial reporting as of the end of each year, and to include a
 management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal
 control over financial reporting in each Annual Report on
 Form 10-K.
 Section 404 also requires our independent registered public
 accounting firm to attest to, and report on, management’s
 assessment of Broadcom’s internal control over financial
 reporting.

 In assessing the findings of the voluntary equity award review
 as well as the restatement of our consolidated financial
 statements for periods ended on or before March 31, 2006,
 our management concluded that there was a material weakness, as
 defined in Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Auditing
 Standard No. 2, in our internal control over financial
 reporting as of December 31, 2005. Management believes this
 material weakness was remediated September 19, 2006 and,
 accordingly, no longer exists as of the date of this filing. See
 the discussion included in Part II, Item 9A of this
 Report for additional information regarding our internal control
 over financial reporting.

 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Acting
 Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our internal
 control over financial reporting will prevent all error and all
 fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and
 operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
 that the control system’s objectives will be met. Further,
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there
 are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be
 considered relative to their costs. Controls can be circumvented
 by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or
 more people, or by management override of the controls. Over
 time, controls may become inadequate because changes in
 conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with
 policies or procedures may occur. Because of the inherent
 limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements
 due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

 As a result, we cannot assure you that significant deficiencies
 or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
 reporting will not be identified in the future. Any failure to
 maintain or implement required new or improved controls, or any
 difficulties we encounter in their implementation, could result
 in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses, cause us to
 fail to timely meet our periodic reporting obligations, or
 result in material misstatements in our financial statements.
 Any such failure could also adversely affect the results of
 periodic management evaluations and annual auditor attestation
 reports regarding disclosure controls and the effectiveness of
 our internal control over financial reporting required under
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules
 promulgated thereunder. The existence of a material weakness
 could result in errors in our financial statements that could
 result in a restatement of financial statements, cause us to
 fail to timely meet our reporting obligations and cause
 investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
 information, leading to a decline in our stock price.

 Our
 quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly. As a
 result, we may fail to meet the expectations of securities
 analysts and investors, which could cause our stock price to
 decline.

 Our quarterly net revenue and operating results have fluctuated
 significantly in the past and are likely to continue to vary
 from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, many of
 which are not within our control. If our operating results do
 not meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors,
 who may derive their expectations by extrapolating data from
 recent historical operating results, the market price of our
 Class A common

 23

Table of Contents

 stock will likely decline. Fluctuations in our operating results
 may be due to a number of factors, including, but not limited
 to, those listed below and those identified throughout this
 “Risk Factors” section:

 • 

 the overall cyclicality of, and changing economic, political and
 market conditions in, the semiconductor industry and wired and
 wireless communications markets, including seasonality in sales
 of consumer products into which our products are incorporated;

 • 

 the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of significant customer
 orders and our ability, as well as the ability of our customers,
 to manage inventory;

 • 

 the gain or loss of a key customer, design win or order;

 • 

 intellectual property disputes, customer indemnification claims
 and other types of litigation risks;

 • 

 changes in accounting rules, such as the change requiring the
 recording of expenses for employee stock options and other
 stock-based compensation expense commencing with the first
 quarter of 2006;

 • 

 our ability to timely and effectively transition to smaller
 geometry process technologies or achieve higher levels of design
 integration;

 • 

 our dependence on a few significant customers for a substantial
 portion of our revenue;

 • 

 our ability to scale our operations in response to changes in
 demand for our existing products and services or demand for new
 products requested by our customers;

 • 

 our ability to retain, recruit and hire key executives,
 technical personnel and other employees in the positions and
 numbers, with the experience and capabilities, and at the
 compensation levels that we need to implement our business and
 product plans;

 • 

 our ability to specify, develop or acquire, complete, introduce,
 market and transition to volume production new products and
 technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner;

 • 

 the rate at which our present and future customers and end users
 adopt our technologies and products in our target markets;

 • 

 the availability and pricing of third party semiconductor
 foundry, assembly and test capacity and raw materials;

 • 

 our ability to timely and accurately predict market requirements
 and evolving industry standards and to identify and capitalize
 upon opportunities in new markets;

 • 

 competitive pressures and other factors such as the
 qualification, availability and pricing of competing products
 and technologies and the resulting effects on sales and pricing
 of our products;

 • 

 changes in our product or customer mix;

 • 

 the volume of our product sales and pricing concessions on
 volume sales; and

 • 

 the effects of public health emergencies, natural disasters,
 terrorist activities, international conflicts and other events
 beyond our control.

 We expect new product lines to continue to account for a high
 percentage of our future sales. Some of these markets are
 immature
 and/or
 unpredictable or are new markets for Broadcom, and we cannot
 assure you that these markets will develop into significant
 opportunities or that we will continue to derive significant
 revenue from these markets. Based on the limited amount of
 historical data available to us, it is difficult to anticipate
 our future revenue streams from, and the sustainability of, such
 newer markets.

 Additionally, as an increasing number of our chips are being
 incorporated into consumer products, such as desktop and
 notebook computers, cellular phones and other mobile
 communication devices, other wireless-enabled consumer
 electronics, and satellite and digital cable set-top boxes, we
 anticipate greater seasonality and fluctuations in the demand
 for our products, which may result in greater variations in our
 quarterly operating results.

 We are
 subject to order and shipment uncertainties, and if we are
 unable to accurately predict customer demand, we may hold excess
 or obsolete inventory, which would reduce our profit margin.
 Conversely, we may have insufficient inventory, which would
 result in lost revenue opportunities and potentially in loss of
 market share and damaged customer relationships.

 We typically sell products pursuant to purchase orders rather
 than long-term purchase commitments. Customers can generally
 cancel or defer purchase orders on short notice without
 incurring a significant penalty. In the recent past, some of our
 customers have developed excess inventories of their own
 products and have, as a consequence, deferred purchase orders
 for our products. We currently do not have the ability to
 accurately predict

 24

Table of Contents

 what or how many products our customers will need in the future.
 Anticipating demand is difficult because our customers face
 volatile pricing and unpredictable demand for their own
 products, are increasingly focused more on cash preservation and
 tighter inventory management, and may be involved in legal
 proceedings that could affect their ability to buy our products.
 Our ability to accurately forecast customer demand may also be
 impaired by the delays inherent in our lengthy sales cycle.
 After we have developed and delivered a product to a customer,
 the customer will usually test and evaluate our product prior to
 designing its own equipment to incorporate our product. Our
 customers may need three to more than six months to test,
 evaluate and adopt our product and an additional three to more
 than nine months to begin volume production of equipment that
 incorporates our product. Due to this lengthy sales cycle, we
 may experience significant delays from the time we increase our
 operating expenses and make investments in inventory until the
 time that we generate revenue from these products. It is
 possible that we may never generate any revenue from these
 products after incurring such expenditures. Even if a customer
 selects our product to incorporate into its equipment, we have
 no assurance that the customer will ultimately market and sell
 its equipment or that such efforts by our customer will be
 successful. The delays inherent in our lengthy sales cycle
 increase the risk that a customer will decide to cancel or
 curtail, reduce or delay its product plans. If we incur
 significant marketing expenses and investments in inventory in
 the future that we are not able to recover, and we are not able
 to compensate for those expenses, our operating results could be
 adversely affected. In addition, as an increasing number of our
 chips are being incorporated into consumer products, we
 anticipate greater fluctuations in demand for our products,
 which makes it even more difficult to forecast customer demand.

 We place orders with our suppliers based on forecasts of
 customer demand and, in some instances, may establish buffer
 inventories to accommodate anticipated demand. Our forecasts are
 based on multiple assumptions, each of which may introduce error
 into our estimates. If we overestimate customer demand, we may
 allocate resources to manufacturing products that we may not be
 able to sell when we expect to, if at all. As a result, we would
 hold excess or obsolete inventory, which would reduce our profit
 margins and adversely affect our financial results. Conversely,
 if we underestimate customer demand or if insufficient
 manufacturing capacity is available, we would forego revenue
 opportunities and potentially lose market share and damage our
 customer relationships. In addition, any future significant
 cancellations or deferrals of product orders or the return of
 previously sold products could materially and adversely affect
 our profit margins, increase product obsolescence and restrict
 our ability to fund our operations. Furthermore, we generally
 recognize revenue upon shipment of products to a customer. If a
 customer refuses to accept shipped products or does not timely
 pay for these products, we could incur significant charges
 against our income. We have also recently entered into consigned
 or customer managed inventory arrangements with certain of our
 customers, although we have not shipped a significant amount of
 product under those arrangements as of December 31, 2006.
 Pursuant to these arrangements we deliver products to a
 warehouse of the customer or a designated third party based upon
 the customer’s projected needs, but do not recognize
 product revenue unless and until the customer reports that it
 has removed our product from the warehouse to incorporate into
 its end products. If a customer does not take product under such
 an arrangement in accordance with the schedule it originally
 provided us, our predicted future revenue stream could vary
 substantially from our forecasts and our results of operations
 could be materially and adversely affected.

 Our
 operating results may be adversely impacted by worldwide
 political and economic uncertainties and specific conditions in
 the markets we address, including the cyclical nature of and
 volatility in the semiconductor industry. As a result, the
 market price of our Class A common stock may
 decline.

 We operate primarily in the semiconductor industry, which is
 cyclical and subject to rapid change and evolving industry
 standards. From time to time, the semiconductor industry has
 experienced significant downturns. These downturns are
 characterized by decreases in product demand, excess customer
 inventories, and accelerated erosion of prices. These factors
 could cause substantial fluctuations in our revenue and in our
 results of operations. Any downturns in the semiconductor
 industry may be severe and prolonged, and any failure of the
 industry or wired and wireless communications markets to fully
 recover from downturns could seriously impact our revenue and
 harm our business, financial condition and results of
 operations. The semiconductor industry also periodically
 experiences increased demand and production capacity
 constraints, which may affect our ability to ship products.
 Accordingly, our operating results may vary significantly as a
 result of the general conditions in the semiconductor industry,
 which could cause large fluctuations in our stock price.

 25

Table of Contents

 Additionally, in the last four years, general worldwide economic
 conditions have experienced a downturn due to slower economic
 activity, concerns about inflation and deflation, increased
 energy costs, decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate
 profits and capital spending, adverse business conditions and
 liquidity concerns in the wired and wireless communications
 markets, the ongoing effects of the war in Iraq, recent
 international conflicts and terrorist and military activity, and
 the impact of natural disasters and public health emergencies.
 These conditions make it extremely difficult for our customers,
 our vendors and us to accurately forecast and plan future
 business activities, and they could cause U.S. and foreign
 businesses to slow spending on our products and services, which
 would delay and lengthen sales cycles. We experienced slowdowns
 in orders in the third quarter of 2006 and in the fourth quarter
 of 2004 that we believe were attributable in substantial part to
 excess inventory held by certain of our customers, and we may
 experience a similar slowdown in the future. We cannot predict
 the timing, strength or duration of any economic recovery,
 worldwide, or in the wired and wireless communications markets.
 If the economy or the wired and wireless communications markets
 in which we operate do not continue at their present levels, our
 business, financial condition and results of operations will
 likely be materially and adversely affected.

 Intellectual
 property risks and third party claims of infringement,
 misappropriation of proprietary rights or other claims against
 us could adversely affect our ability to market our products,
 require us to redesign our products or seek licenses from third
 parties, and seriously harm our operating results. In addition,
 the defense of such claims could result in significant costs and
 divert the attention of our management or other key
 employees.

 Companies in and related to the semiconductor industry often
 aggressively protect and pursue their intellectual property
 rights. There are often intellectual property risks associated
 with developing and producing new products and entering new
 markets, and we may not be able to obtain, at reasonable cost
 and upon commercially reasonable terms, licenses to intellectual
 property of others that is alleged to read on such new or
 existing products. From time to time, we have received, and may
 continue to receive, notices that claim we have infringed upon,
 misappropriated or misused other parties’ proprietary
 rights. Moreover, in the past we have been and we currently are
 engaged in litigation with parties that claim that we infringed
 their patents or misappropriated or misused their trade secrets.
 In addition, we or our customers may be sued by other parties
 that claim that our products have infringed their patents or
 misappropriated or misused their trade secrets, or which may
 seek to invalidate one or more of our patents. An adverse
 determination in any of these types of disputes could prevent us
 from manufacturing or selling some of our products, limit or
 restrict the type of work that employees involved in such
 litigation may perform for Broadcom, increase our costs of
 revenue and expose us to significant liability. Any of these
 claims may materially and adversely affect our business,
 financial condition and results of operations. For example, in a
 patent or trade secret action, a court could issue a preliminary
 or permanent injunction that would require us to withdraw or
 recall certain products from the market, redesign certain
 products offered for sale or under development, or restrict
 employees from performing work in their areas of expertise. We
 may also be liable for damages for past infringement and
 royalties for future use of the technology, and we may be liable
 for treble damages if infringement is found to have been
 willful. In addition, governmental agencies may commence
 investigations or criminal proceedings against our employees,
 former employees
 and/or the
 company relating to claims of misappropriation or misuse of
 another party’s proprietary rights. We may also have to
 indemnify some customers and strategic partners under our
 agreements with such parties if a third party alleges or if a
 court finds that our products or activities have infringed upon,
 misappropriated or misused another party’s proprietary
 rights. We have received requests from certain customers and
 strategic partners to include increasingly broad indemnification
 provisions in our agreements with them. These indemnification
 provisions may, in some circumstances, extend our liability
 beyond the products we provide to include liability for
 combinations of components or system level designs and for
 consequential damages

and/or lost
 profits. Even if claims against us are not valid or successfully
 asserted, these claims could result in significant costs and
 diversion of the attention of management and other key employees
 to defend. Additionally, we have sought and may in the future
 seek to obtain a license under a third party’s intellectual
 property rights and have granted and may in the future grant a
 license to certain of our intellectual property rights to a
 third party in connection with a cross-license agreement or a
 settlement of claims or actions asserted against us. However, we
 may not be able to obtain a license under a third party’s
 intellectual property rights on commercially reasonable terms,
 if at all.

 26

Table of Contents

 Our products may contain technology provided to us by other
 parties such as contractors, suppliers or customers. We may have
 little or no ability to determine in advance whether such
 technology infringes the intellectual property rights of a third
 party. Our contractors, suppliers and licensors may not be
 required to indemnify us in the event that a claim of
 infringement is asserted against us, or they may be required to
 indemnify us only up to a maximum amount, above which we would
 be responsible for any further costs or damages. In addition, we
 may have little or no ability to correct errors in the
 technology provided by such contractors, suppliers and
 licensors, or to continue to develop new generations of such
 technology. Accordingly, we may be dependent on their ability
 and willingness to do so. In the event of a problem with such
 technology, or in the event that our rights to use such
 technology become impaired, we may be unable to ship our
 products containing such technology, and may be unable to
 replace the technology with a suitable alternative within the
 time frame needed by our customers.

 We may
 not be able to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual
 property rights, which could harm our competitive
 position.

 Our success and future revenue growth will depend, in part, on
 our ability to protect our intellectual property. We primarily
 rely on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as
 well as nondisclosure agreements and other methods, to protect
 our proprietary technologies and processes. Despite our efforts
 to protect our proprietary technologies and processes, it is
 possible that competitors or other unauthorized third parties
 may obtain, copy, use or disclose our technologies and
 processes. We currently hold over 1,950 U.S. and 750
 foreign patents and have filed more than 5,900 additional U.S.
 and foreign patent applications. However, we cannot assure you
 that any additional patents will be issued. Even if a new patent
 is issued, the claims allowed may not be sufficiently broad to
 protect our technology. In addition, any of our existing or
 future patents may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented.
 As such, any rights granted under these patents may not provide
 us with meaningful protection. We may not have foreign patents
 or pending applications corresponding to our U.S. patents
 and patent applications. Even if foreign patents are granted,
 effective enforcement in foreign countries may not be available.
 If our patents do not adequately protect our technology, our
 competitors may be able to offer products similar to ours. Our
 competitors may also be able to develop similar technology
 independently or design around our patents. Some or all of our
 patents have in the past been licensed and likely will in the
 future be licensed to certain of our competitors through
 cross-license agreements. Moreover, because we have participated
 in developing various industry standards, we may be required to
 license some of our patents to others, including competitors,
 who develop products based on those standards.

 Certain of our software (as well as that of our customers) may
 be derived from so-called “open source” software that
 is generally made available to the public by its authors
 and/or other
 third parties. Such open source software is often made available
 to us under licenses, such as the GNU General Public License, or
 GPL, which impose certain obligations on us in the event we were
 to distribute derivative works of the open source software.
 These obligations may require us to make source code for the
 derivative works available to the public,

and/or
 license such derivative works under a particular type of
 license, rather than the forms of license customarily used to
 protect our intellectual property. In addition, there is little
 or no legal precedent for interpreting the terms of certain of
 these open source licenses, including the determination of which
 works are subject to the terms of such licenses. While we
 believe we have complied with our obligations under the various
 applicable licenses for open source software, in the event that
 the copyright holder of any open source software were to
 successfully establish in court that we had not complied with
 the terms of a license for a particular work, we could be
 required to release the source code of that work to the public

and/or stop
 distribution of that work. With respect to our proprietary
 software, we generally license such software under terms that
 prohibit combining it with open source software as described
 above. Despite these restrictions, parties may combine Broadcom
 proprietary software with open source software without our
 authorization, in which case we might nonetheless be required to
 release the source code of our proprietary software.

 We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our
 employees, consultants and strategic partners. We also try to
 control access to and distribution of our technologies,
 documentation and other proprietary information. Despite these
 efforts, internal or external parties may attempt to copy,
 disclose, obtain or use our products, services or technology
 without our authorization. Also, current or former employees may
 seek employment with our

 27

Table of Contents

 business partners, customers or competitors, and we cannot
 assure you that the confidential nature of our proprietary
 information will be maintained in the course of such future
 employment. Additionally, current, departing or former employees
 or third parties could attempt to penetrate our computer systems
 and networks to misappropriate our proprietary information and
 technology or interrupt our business. Because the techniques
 used by computer hackers and others to access or sabotage
 networks change frequently and generally are not recognized
 until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate,
 counter or ameliorate these techniques. As a result, our
 technologies and processes may be misappropriated, particularly
 in countries where laws may not protect our proprietary rights
 as fully as in the United States.

 In addition, some of our customers have entered into agreements
 with us that grant them the right to use our proprietary
 technology if we fail to fulfill our obligations, including
 product supply obligations, under those agreements, and if we do
 not correct the failure within a specified time period.
 Moreover, we often incorporate the intellectual property of
 strategic customers into our own designs, and have certain
 obligations not to use or disclose their intellectual property
 without their authorization.

 We cannot assure you that our efforts to prevent the
 misappropriation or infringement of our intellectual property or
 the intellectual property of our customers will succeed. We have
 in the past been and currently are engaged in litigation to
 enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, protect our
 trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope of the
 proprietary rights of others, including our customers. Such
 litigation (and the settlement thereof) has been and will likely
 continue to be very expensive and time consuming. Additionally,
 any litigation can divert the attention of management and other
 key employees from the operation of the business, which could
 negatively impact our business and results of operations.

 We may
 experience difficulties in transitioning to smaller geometry
 process technologies or in achieving higher levels of design
 integration, which may result in reduced manufacturing yields,
 delays in product deliveries and increased expenses.

 To remain competitive, we expect to continue to transition our
 semiconductor products to increasingly smaller line width
 geometries. This transition requires us to modify the
 manufacturing processes for our products and to redesign some
 products as well as standard cells and other integrated circuit
 designs that we may use in multiple products. We periodically
 evaluate the benefits, on a
 product-by-product
 basis, of migrating to smaller geometry process technologies to
 reduce our costs. Currently most of our products are
 manufactured in .35 micron, .22 micron,
 .18 micron, .13 micron and 90 nanometer geometry
 processes. We are now designing most new products in
 65 nanometer process technology. In the past, we have
 experienced some difficulties in shifting to smaller geometry
 process technologies or new manufacturing processes, which
 resulted in reduced manufacturing yields, delays in product
 deliveries and increased expenses. The transition to
 65 nanometer geometry process technology has resulted in
 significantly higher mask and prototyping costs, as well as
 additional expenditures for engineering design tools and related
 computer hardware. We may face similar difficulties, delays and
 expenses as we continue to transition our products to smaller
 geometry processes. We are dependent on our relationships with
 our foundry subcontractors to transition to smaller geometry
 processes successfully. We cannot assure you that the foundries
 that we use will be able to effectively manage the transition in
 a timely manner, or at all, or that we will be able to maintain
 our existing foundry relationships or develop new ones. If any
 of our foundry subcontractors or we experience significant
 delays in this transition or fail to efficiently implement this
 transition, we could experience reduced manufacturing yields,
 delays in product deliveries and increased expenses, all of
 which could harm our relationships with our customers and our
 results of operations. As smaller geometry processes become more
 prevalent, we expect to continue to integrate greater levels of
 functionality, as well as customer and third party intellectual
 property, into our products. However, we may not be able to
 achieve higher levels of design integration or deliver new
 integrated products on a timely basis, if at all. Moreover, even
 if we are able to achieve higher levels of design integration,
 such integration may have a short-term adverse impact on our
 operating results, as a result of increasing costs and
 expenditures as described above as well as the risk that we may
 reduce our revenue by integrating the functionality of multiple
 chips into a single chip.

 28

Table of Contents

 Because
 we depend on a few significant customers for a substantial
 portion of our revenue, the loss of a key customer could
 seriously impact our revenue and harm our business. In addition,
 if we are unable to continue to sell existing and new products
 to our key customers in significant quantities or to attract new
 significant customers, our future operating results could be
 adversely affected.

 We have derived a substantial portion of our past revenue from
 sales to a relatively small number of customers. As a result,
 the loss of any significant customer could materially and
 adversely affect our financial condition and results of
 operations.

 Sales to our five largest customers represented 46.5%, 48.5% and
 53.0% of our net revenue in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.
 See Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,
 included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Report. We expect
 that our largest customers will continue to account for a
 substantial portion of our net revenue in 2007 and for the
 foreseeable future. The identities of our largest customers and
 their respective contributions to our net revenue have varied
 and will likely continue to vary from period to period.

 We may not be able to maintain or increase sales to certain of
 our key customers for a variety of reasons, including the
 following:

 • 

 most of our customers can stop incorporating our products into
 their own products with limited notice to us and suffer little
 or no penalty;

 • 

 our agreements with our customers typically do not require them
 to purchase a minimum quantity of our products;

 • 

 many of our customers have pre-existing or concurrent
 relationships with our current or potential competitors that may
 affect the customers’ decisions to purchase our products;

 • 

 our customers face intense competition from other manufacturers
 that do not use our products; and

 • 

 some of our customers offer or may offer products that compete
 with our products.

 These relationships often require us to develop new products
 that may involve significant technological challenges. Our
 customers frequently place considerable pressure on us to meet
 their tight development schedules. Accordingly, we may have to
 devote a substantial amount of our resources to our strategic
 relationships, which could detract from or delay our completion
 of other important development projects. Delays in development
 could impair our relationships with strategic customers and
 negatively impact sales of the products under development.

 In addition, our longstanding relationships with some larger
 customers may also deter other potential customers who compete
 with these customers from buying our products. To attract new
 customers or retain existing customers, we may offer certain
 customers favorable prices on our products. We may have to offer
 the same lower prices to certain of our customers who have
 contractual “most favored nation” pricing
 arrangements. In that event, our average selling prices and
 gross margins would decline. The loss of a key customer, a
 reduction in sales to any key customer, or our inability to
 attract new significant customers could seriously impact our
 revenue and materially and adversely affect our results of
 operations.

 If we
 fail to appropriately scale our operations in response to
 changes in demand for our existing products and services or to
 the demand for new products requested by our customers, our
 business could be materially and adversely affected.

 To achieve our business objectives, we anticipate that we will
 need to continue to expand. We have experienced a period of
 rapid growth and expansion in the past. Through internal growth
 and acquisitions, we significantly increased the scope of our
 operations and expanded our workforce from 2,580 full-time,
 contract and temporary employees as of December 31, 2002 to
 5,233 full-time, contract and temporary employees as of
 December 31, 2006. Nonetheless, we may not be able to
 expand our workforce and operations in a sufficiently timely
 manner to respond effectively to changes in demand for our
 existing products and services or to the demand for new products
 requested by our customers. In that event, we may be unable to
 meet competitive challenges or exploit potential market
 opportunities, and our current or future business could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 Conversely, if we expand our operations and workforce too
 rapidly in anticipation of increased demand for our products,
 and such demand does not materialize at the pace at which we
 expect, the rate of increase in our

 29

Table of Contents

 operating expenses may exceed the rate of increase, if any, in
 our revenue. Moreover, if we experience another slowdown in the
 broadband communications markets in which we operate, we may not
 be able to scale back our operating expenses in a sufficiently
 timely or effective manner. In that event, our business,
 financial condition and results of operations would be
 materially and adversely affected.

 Our past growth has placed, and any future growth is expected to
 continue to place, a significant strain on our management
 personnel, systems and resources. To implement our current
 business and product plans, we will need to continue to expand,
 train, manage and motivate our workforce. All of these endeavors
 will require substantial management effort. In the past we have
 implemented an enterprise resource planning, or ERP, system to
 help us improve our planning and management processes and a new
 human resources management, or HRM, system. More recently we
 have implemented a new equity administration system to support
 our more complex equity programs as well as the adoption of
 SFAS 123R. We anticipate that we will also need to continue
 to implement a variety of new and upgraded operational and
 financial systems, as well as additional procedures and other
 internal management systems. In general, the accuracy of
 information delivered by these systems may be subject to
 inherent programming quality. In addition, to support our
 growth, in December 2004 we signed a $183.0 million lease
 agreement under which we will relocate our headquarters and
 Irvine operations to new, larger facilities that will enable us
 to centralize all of our Irvine employees and operations on one
 campus. This relocation is currently anticipated to occur in the
 first half of 2007. We may also engage in other relocations of
 our employees or operations from time to time. Such relocations
 could result in temporary disruptions of our operations or a
 diversion of our management’s attention and resources. If
 we are unable to effectively manage our expanding operations, we
 may be unable to scale our business quickly enough to meet
 competitive challenges or exploit potential market
 opportunities, or conversely, we may scale our business too
 quickly and the rate of increase in our expenses may exceed the
 rate of increase in our revenue, either of which would
 materially and adversely affect our current or future business.

 We may be
 unable to attract, retain or motivate key senior management and
 technical personnel, which could seriously harm our
 business.

 Our future success depends to a significant extent upon the
 continued service of our key senior management personnel,
 including our co-founder, Chairman of the Board and Chief
 Technical Officer, Henry Samueli, Ph.D., our Chief
 Executive Officer, Scott A. McGregor, and other senior
 executives. We have an employment agreement with
 Mr. McGregor; however it does not govern the length of his
 service. We do not have employment agreements with any other
 executives, or any other key employees, although we do have
 limited retention arrangements in place with certain executives.
 The loss of the services of Dr. Samueli, Mr. McGregor
 or certain other key senior management or technical personnel
 could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations. For instance, if any of
 these individuals were to leave our company unexpectedly, we
 could face substantial difficulty in hiring qualified successors
 and could experience a loss in productivity during the search
 for and while any such successor is integrated into our business
 and operations.

 Furthermore, our future success depends on our ability to
 continue to attract, retain and motivate senior management and
 qualified technical personnel, particularly software engineers,
 digital circuit designers, RF and mixed-signal circuit designers
 and systems applications engineers. Competition for these
 employees is intense. If we are unable to attract, retain and
 motivate such personnel in sufficient numbers and on a timely
 basis, we will experience difficulty in implementing our current
 business and product plans. In that event, we may be unable to
 successfully meet competitive challenges or to exploit potential
 market opportunities, which could adversely affect our business
 and results of operations.

 Equity awards generally comprise a significant portion of our
 compensation packages for all employees. In 2003 we conducted a
 stock option exchange offer to address the substantial decline
 in the price of our Class A common stock over the preceding
 two years and to improve our ability to retain key employees.
 During the time that periodic filings with the SEC were not
 current, as a result of our recent voluntary review of our
 equity award practices, we were not able to issue shares of our
 common stock pursuant to equity awards. We cannot be certain
 that we will be able to continue to attract, retain and motivate
 employees if we are unable to issue shares of our common stock
 pursuant to equity awards for a sustained period or if our
 Class A common stock experiences another substantial price
 decline.

 30

Table of Contents

 We have also modified our compensation policies by increasing
 cash compensation to certain employees and instituting awards of
 restricted stock units, while simultaneously reducing awards of
 stock options. This modification of our compensation policies
 and the applicability of the SFAS 123R requirement to
 expense the fair value of stock options awarded to employees
 will increase our operating expenses. We cannot be certain that
 the changes in our compensation policies will improve our
 ability to attract, retain and motivate employees. Our inability
 to attract and retain additional key employees and the increase
 in stock-based compensation expense could each have an adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition and results of
 operations.

 If we are
 unable to develop and introduce new products successfully and in
 a cost-effective and timely manner or to achieve market
 acceptance of our new products, our operating results would be
 adversely affected.

 Our future success is dependent upon our ability to develop new
 semiconductor solutions for existing and new markets, introduce
 these products in a cost-effective and timely manner, and
 convince leading equipment manufacturers to select these
 products for design into their own new products. Our products
 are generally incorporated into our customers’ products at
 the design stage. We often incur significant expenditures on the
 development of a new product without any assurance that an
 equipment manufacturer will select our product for design into
 its own product. Once an equipment manufacturer designs a
 competitor’s product into its product offering, it becomes
 significantly more difficult for us to sell our products to that
 customer because changing suppliers involves significant cost,
 time, effort and risk for the customer. Even if an equipment
 manufacturer designs one of our products into its product
 offering, we have no assurances that its product will be
 commercially successful or that we will receive any revenue from
 sales of that product. Sales of our products largely depend on
 the commercial success of our customers’ products. Our
 customers are typically not obligated to purchase our products
 and can choose at any time to stop using our products if their
 own products are not commercially successful or for any other
 reason.

 Our historical results have been, and we expect that our future
 results will continue to be, dependent on the introduction of a
 relatively small number of new products and the timely
 completion and delivery of those products to customers. The
 development of new silicon devices is highly complex, and from
 time to time we have experienced delays in completing the
 development and introduction of new products and lower than
 anticipated manufacturing yields in the early production of such
 products. If we were to experience any similar delays in the
 successful completion of a new product or similar reductions in
 our manufacturing yields for a new product in the future, our
 customer relationships, reputation and business could be
 seriously harmed.

 Our ability to develop and deliver new products successfully
 will depend on various factors, including our ability to:

 • 

 timely and accurately predict market requirements and evolving
 industry standards;

 • 

 accurately define new products;

 • 

 timely and effectively identify and capitalize upon
 opportunities in new markets;

 • 

 timely complete and introduce new product designs;

 • 

 scale our operations in response to changes in demand for our
 products and services or the demand for new products requested
 by our customers;

 • 

 license any desired third party technology or intellectual
 property rights;

 • 

 timely qualify and obtain industry interoperability
 certification of our products and the products of our customers
 into which our products will be incorporated;

 • 

 obtain sufficient foundry capacity and packaging materials;

 • 

 achieve high manufacturing yields; and

 • 

 shift our products to smaller geometry process technologies to
 achieve lower cost and higher levels of design integration.

 In some of our businesses, our ability to develop and deliver
 next-generation products successfully and in a timely manner may
 depend in part on access to information, or licenses of
 technology or intellectual property rights, from companies that
 are our competitors. We cannot assure you that such information
 or licenses will be made available to us on a timely basis, if
 at all, or at reasonable cost and on commercially reasonable
 terms.

 31

Table of Contents

 If we are not able to develop and introduce new products
 successfully and in a cost-effective and timely manner, we will
 be unable to attract new customers or to retain our existing
 customers, as these customers may transition to other companies
 that can meet their product development needs, which would
 materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

 To remain
 competitive, we must keep pace with rapid technological change
 and evolving industry standards in the semiconductor industry
 and wired and wireless communications markets.

 Our future success will depend on our ability to anticipate and
 adapt to changes in technology and industry standards and our
 customers’ changing demands. We sell products in markets
 that are characterized by rapid technological change, evolving
 industry standards, frequent new product introductions, short
 product life cycles and increasing demand for higher levels of
 integration and smaller process geometries. Our past sales and
 profitability have resulted, to a large extent, from our ability
 to anticipate changes in technology and industry standards and
 to develop and introduce new and enhanced products incorporating
 the new standards and technologies. Our ability to adapt to
 these changes and to anticipate future standards, and the rate
 of adoption and acceptance of those standards, will be a
 significant factor in maintaining or improving our competitive
 position and prospects for growth. If new industry standards
 emerge, our products or our customers’ products could
 become unmarketable or obsolete, and we could lose market share.
 We may also have to incur substantial unanticipated costs to
 comply with these new standards. In addition, our target markets
 continue to undergo rapid growth and consolidation. A
 significant slowdown in any of these wired and wireless
 communications markets could materially and adversely affect our
 business, financial condition and results of operations. These
 rapid technological changes and evolving industry standards make
 it difficult to formulate a long-term growth strategy because
 the semiconductor industry and wired and wireless communications
 markets may not continue to develop to the extent or in the time
 periods that we anticipate. We have invested substantial
 resources in emerging technologies that did not achieve the
 market acceptance that we had expected. If new markets do not
 develop as we anticipate, or if our products do not gain
 widespread acceptance in these markets, our business, financial
 condition and results of operations could be materially and
 adversely affected.

 The
 complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or
 expenses and in undetected defects or bugs, which could damage
 our reputation with current or prospective customers, result in
 significant costs and claims, and adversely affect the market
 acceptance of new products.

 Highly complex products such as the products that we offer
 frequently contain defects and bugs when they are first
 introduced or as new versions are released. Our products have
 previously experienced, and may in the future experience, these
 defects and bugs. If any of our products contains defects or
 bugs, or has reliability, quality or compatibility problems, our
 reputation may be damaged and customers may be reluctant to buy
 our products, which could materially and adversely affect our
 ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers.
 In addition, these defects or bugs could interrupt or delay
 sales or shipment of our products to our customers. To alleviate
 these problems, we may have to invest significant capital and
 other resources. Although our products are tested by us, our
 subcontractors, suppliers and customers, it is possible that our
 new products will contain defects or bugs. If any of these
 problems are not found until after we have commenced commercial
 production of a new product, we may be required to incur
 additional development costs and product recall, repair or field
 replacement costs. These problems may divert our technical and
 other resources from other development efforts and could result
 in claims against us by our customers or others, including
 possible claims for consequential damages
 and/or lost
 profits. In addition, system and handset providers that purchase
 components may require that we assume liability for defects
 associated with products produced by their manufacturing
 subcontractors and require that we provide a warranty for
 defects or other problems which may arise at the system level.
 Moreover, we would likely lose, or experience a delay in, market
 acceptance of the affected product or products, and we could
 lose credibility with our current and prospective customers.

 32

Table of Contents

 Our
 acquisition strategy may be dilutive to existing shareholders,
 result in unanticipated accounting charges or otherwise
 adversely affect our results of operations, and result in
 difficulties in assimilating and integrating the operations,
 personnel, technologies, products and information systems of
 acquired companies or businesses.

 A key element of our business strategy involves expansion
 through the acquisitions of businesses, assets, products or
 technologies that allow us to complement our existing product
 offerings, expand our market coverage, increase our engineering
 workforce or enhance our technological capabilities. Between
 January 1, 1999 and December 31, 2006, we acquired
 34 companies and certain assets of one other business. We
 continually evaluate and explore strategic opportunities as they
 arise, including business combination transactions, strategic
 partnerships, and the purchase or sale of assets, including
 tangible and intangible assets such as intellectual property.

 Acquisitions may require significant capital infusions,
 typically entail many risks, and could result in difficulties in
 assimilating and integrating the operations, personnel,
 technologies, products and information systems of acquired
 companies or businesses. We have in the past and may in the
 future experience delays in the timing and successful
 integration of an acquired company’s technologies and
 product development through volume production, unanticipated
 costs and expenditures, changing relationships with customers,
 suppliers and strategic partners, or contractual, intellectual
 property or employment issues. In addition, key personnel of an
 acquired company may decide not to work for us. The acquisition
 of another company or its products and technologies may also
 require us to enter into a geographic or business market in
 which we have little or no prior experience. These challenges
 could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and
 employees, harm our reputation and increase our expenses. These
 challenges are magnified as the size of the acquisition
 increases. Furthermore, these challenges would be even greater
 if we acquired a business or entered into a business combination
 transaction with a company that was larger and more difficult to
 integrate than the companies we have historically acquired.

 Acquisitions may require large one-time charges and can result
 in increased debt or contingent liabilities, adverse tax
 consequences, deferred compensation charges, and the recording
 and later amortization of amounts related to deferred
 compensation and certain purchased intangible assets, any of
 which items could negatively impact our results of operations.
 In addition, we may record goodwill in connection with an
 acquisition and incur goodwill impairment charges in the future.
 Any of these charges could cause the price of our Class A
 common stock to decline.

 Acquisitions or asset purchases made entirely or partially for
 cash may reduce our cash reserves. We may seek to obtain
 additional cash to fund an acquisition by selling equity or debt
 securities. Any issuance of equity or convertible debt
 securities may be dilutive to our existing shareholders. In
 addition, the equity or debt securities that we may issue could
 have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our
 common stock. For example, as a consequence of the prior
 pooling-of-interests
 accounting rules, the securities issued in nine of our
 acquisitions were shares of Class B common stock, which
 have voting rights superior to those of our publicly traded
 Class A common stock.

 We cannot assure you that we will be able to consummate any
 pending or future acquisitions or that we will realize any
 anticipated benefits from these acquisitions. We may not be able
 to find suitable acquisition opportunities that are available at
 attractive valuations, if at all. Even if we do find suitable
 acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to consummate the
 acquisitions on commercially acceptable terms, and any decline
 in the price of our Class A common stock may make it
 significantly more difficult and expensive to initiate or
 consummate additional acquisitions.

 As our
 international business expands, we are increasingly exposed to
 various legal, business, political and economic risks associated
 with our international operations.

 We currently obtain substantially all of our manufacturing,
 assembly and testing services from suppliers located outside the
 United States. In addition, 28.2% of our 2006 net revenue
 was derived from sales to independent customers outside the
 United States, excluding foreign subsidiaries or manufacturing
 subcontractors of customers that are headquartered in the United
 States. We also frequently ship products to our domestic
 customers’ international manufacturing divisions and
 subcontractors. Products shipped to international destinations,
 primarily in Asia, represented 86.5% of our net revenue in 2006.
 We also undertake design and development activities in

 33

Table of Contents

 Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, France, Greece, India, Israel,
 Japan, Korea, the Netherlands, Taiwan and the United Kingdom,
 among other locations. In addition, we undertake various sales
 and marketing activities through regional offices in a number of
 countries. We intend to continue to expand our international
 business activities and to open other design and operational
 centers abroad. The continuing effects of the war in Iraq and
 terrorist attacks in the United States and abroad, the resulting
 heightened security, and the increasing risk of extended
 international military conflicts may adversely impact our
 international sales and could make our international operations
 more expensive. International operations are subject to many
 other inherent risks, including but not limited to:

 • 

 political, social and economic instability;

 • 

 exposure to different business practices and legal standards,
 particularly with respect to intellectual property;

 • 

 natural disasters and public health emergencies;

 • 

 nationalization of business and blocking of cash flows;

 • 

 trade and travel restrictions;

 • 

 the imposition of governmental controls and restrictions;

 • 

 burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws;

 • 

 import and export license requirements and restrictions of the
 United States and each other country in which we operate;

 • 

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

 • 

 foreign technical standards;

 • 

 changes in taxation and tariffs;

 • 

 difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;

 • 

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

 • 

 difficulties in collecting receivables from foreign entities or
 delayed revenue recognition; and

 • 

 potentially adverse tax consequences.

 Any of the factors described above may have a material adverse
 effect on our ability to increase or maintain our foreign sales.

 We currently operate under tax holidays and favorable tax
 incentives in certain foreign jurisdictions. For instance, in
 Singapore we operate under tax holidays that reduce our taxes in
 that country on certain non-investment income. Such tax holidays
 and incentives often require us to meet specified employment and
 investment criteria in such jurisdictions. However, we cannot
 assure you that we will continue to meet such criteria or enjoy
 such tax holidays and incentives, or realize any net tax
 benefits from tax holidays or incentives. If any of our tax
 holidays or incentives are terminated, our results of operations
 may be materially and adversely affected.

 The economic conditions in our primary overseas markets,
 particularly in Asia, may negatively impact the demand for our
 products abroad. All of our international sales to date have
 been denominated in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, an increase
 in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign
 currencies could make our products less competitive in
 international markets or require us to assume the risk of
 denominating certain sales in foreign currencies. We anticipate
 that these factors will impact our business to a greater degree
 as we further expand our international business activities.

 We face
 intense competition in the semiconductor industry and the wired
 and wireless communications markets, which could reduce our
 market share in existing markets and affect our entry into new
 markets.

 The semiconductor industry and the wired and wireless
 communications markets are intensely competitive. We expect
 competition to continue to increase as industry standards become
 well known and as other competitors enter our target markets. We
 currently compete with a number of major domestic and
 international suppliers of integrated circuits and related
 applications in our target markets. We also compete with
 suppliers of system-level and motherboard-level solutions
 incorporating integrated circuits that are proprietary or
 sourced from manufacturers other than Broadcom. In all of our
 target markets we also may face competition from newly
 established competitors, suppliers of products based on new or
 emerging technologies, and customers who choose to develop their
 own semiconductor solutions. We expect to encounter further
 consolidation in the markets in which we compete.

 34

Table of Contents

 Many of our competitors operate their own fabrication facilities
 and have longer operating histories and presence in key markets,
 greater name recognition, larger customer bases, and
 significantly greater financial, sales and marketing,
 manufacturing, distribution, technical and other resources than
 we do. These competitors may be able to adapt more quickly to
 new or emerging technologies and changes in customer
 requirements. They may also be able to devote greater resources
 to the promotion and sale of their products. In addition,
 current and potential competitors have established or may
 establish financial or strategic relationships among themselves
 or with existing or potential customers, resellers or other
 third parties. Accordingly, new competitors or alliances among
 competitors could emerge and rapidly acquire significant market
 share. Existing or new competitors may also develop technologies
 that more effectively address our markets with products that
 offer enhanced features and functionality, lower power
 requirements, greater levels of integration or lower cost.
 Increased competition has resulted in and is likely to continue
 to result in declining average selling prices, reduced gross
 margins and loss of market share in certain markets. We cannot
 assure you that we will be able to continue to compete
 successfully against current or new competitors. If we do not
 compete successfully, we may lose market share in our existing
 markets and our revenues may fail to increase or may decline.

 We depend
 on five independent foundry subcontractors to manufacture
 substantially all of our current products, and any failure to
 secure and maintain sufficient foundry capacity could materially
 and adversely affect our business.

 We do not own or operate a fabrication facility. Five
 third-party foundry subcontractors located in Asia manufacture
 substantially all of our semiconductor devices in current
 production. Availability of foundry capacity has at times in the
 past been reduced due to strong demand. In addition, a
 recurrence of severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, the
 occurrence of a significant outbreak of avian influenza among
 humans, or another public health emergency in Asia could further
 affect the production capabilities of our manufacturers by
 resulting in quarantines or closures. If we are unable to secure
 sufficient capacity at our existing foundries, or in the event
 of a quarantine or closure at any of these foundries, our
 revenues, cost of revenues and results of operations would be
 negatively impacted.

 In September 1999 two of our foundries’ principal
 facilities were affected by a significant earthquake in Taiwan.
 As a consequence of this earthquake, they suffered power outages
 and equipment damage that impaired their wafer deliveries,
 which, together with strong demand, resulted in wafer shortages
 and higher wafer pricing industrywide. If any of our foundries
 experiences a shortage in capacity, suffers any damage to its
 facilities, experiences power outages, suffers an adverse
 outcome in pending or future litigation, or encounters financial
 difficulties or any other disruption of foundry capacity, we may
 encounter supply delays or disruptions, and we may need to
 qualify an alternative foundry. Even our current foundries need
 to have new manufacturing processes qualified if there is a
 disruption in an existing process. We typically require several
 months to qualify a new foundry or process before we can begin
 shipping products from it. If we cannot accomplish this
 qualification in a timely manner, we may experience a
 significant interruption in supply of the affected products.

 Because we rely on outside foundries with limited capacity, we
 face several significant risks, including:

 • 

 a lack of guaranteed wafer supply and potential wafer shortages
 and higher wafer prices;

 • 

 limited control over delivery schedules, quality assurance,
 manufacturing yields and production costs; and

 • 

 the unavailability of, or potential delays in obtaining access
 to, key process technologies.

 In addition, the manufacture of integrated circuits is a highly
 complex and technologically demanding process. Although we work
 closely with our foundries to minimize the likelihood of reduced
 manufacturing yields, our foundries have from time to time
 experienced lower than anticipated manufacturing yields. This
 often occurs during the production of new products or the
 installation and
 start-up of
 new process technologies. Poor yields from our foundries could
 result in product shortages or delays in product shipments,
 which could seriously harm our relationships with our customers
 and materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

 The ability of each foundry to provide us with semiconductor
 devices is limited by its available capacity and existing
 obligations. Although we have entered into contractual
 commitments to supply specified levels of products to some of
 our customers, we do not have a long-term volume purchase
 agreement or a significant guaranteed level of production
 capacity with any of our foundries. Foundry capacity may not be
 available when we need it or at

 35

Table of Contents

 reasonable prices. Availability of foundry capacity has in the
 recent past been reduced from time to time due to strong demand.
 Foundries can allocate capacity to the production of other
 companies’ products and reduce deliveries to us on short
 notice. It is possible that foundry customers that are larger
 and better financed than we are, or that have long-term
 agreements with our main foundries, may induce our foundries to
 reallocate capacity to them. This reallocation could impair our
 ability to secure the supply of components that we need.
 Although we use five independent foundries to manufacture
 substantially all of our semiconductor products, each component
 is typically manufactured at only one or two foundries at any
 given time, and if any of our foundries is unable to provide us
 with components as needed, we could experience significant
 delays in securing sufficient supplies of those components.
 Also, our third party foundries typically migrate capacity to
 newer,
 state-of-the-art
 manufacturing processes on a regular basis, which may create
 capacity shortages for our products designed to be manufactured
 on an older process. We cannot assure you that any of our
 existing or new foundries will be able to produce integrated
 circuits with acceptable manufacturing yields, or that our
 foundries will be able to deliver enough semiconductor devices
 to us on a timely basis, or at reasonable prices. These and
 other related factors could impair our ability to meet our
 customers’ needs and have a material and adverse effect on
 our operating results.

 Although we may utilize new foundries for other products in the
 future, in using new foundries we will be subject to all of the
 risks described in the foregoing paragraphs with respect to our
 current foundries.

 We depend
 on third-party subcontractors to assemble, obtain packaging
 materials for, and test substantially all of our current
 products. If we lose the services of any of our subcontractors
 or if these subcontractors are unable to obtain sufficient
 packaging materials, shipments of our products may be disrupted,
 which could harm our customer relationships and adversely affect
 our net sales.

 We do not own or operate an assembly or test facility. Eight
 third-party subcontractors located in Asia assemble, obtain
 packaging materials for, and test substantially all of our
 current products. Because we rely on third-party subcontractors
 to perform these functions, we cannot directly control our
 product delivery schedules and quality assurance. This lack of
 control has resulted, and could in the future result, in product
 shortages or quality assurance problems that could delay
 shipments of our products or increase our manufacturing,
 assembly or testing costs.

 In the past we and others in our industry experienced a shortage
 in the supply of packaging substrates that we use for our
 products. If our third-party subcontractors are unable to obtain
 sufficient packaging materials for our products in a timely
 manner, we may experience a significant product shortage or
 delay in product shipments, which could seriously harm our
 customer relationships and materially and adversely affect our
 net sales.

 We do not have long-term agreements with any of our assembly or
 test subcontractors and typically procure services from these
 suppliers on a per order basis. If any of these subcontractors
 experiences capacity constraints or financial difficulties,
 suffers any damage to its facilities, experiences power outages
 or any other disruption of assembly or testing capacity, we may
 not be able to obtain alternative assembly and testing services
 in a timely manner. Due to the amount of time that it usually
 takes us to qualify assemblers and testers, we could experience
 significant delays in product shipments if we are required to
 find alternative assemblers or testers for our components. Any
 problems that we may encounter with the delivery, quality or
 cost of our products could damage our customer relationships and
 materially and adversely affect our results of operations. We
 are continuing to develop relationships with additional
 third-party subcontractors to assemble and test our products.
 However, even if we use these new subcontractors, we will
 continue to be subject to all of the risks described above.

 Our stock
 price is highly volatile. Accordingly, you may not be able to
 resell your shares of common stock at or above the price you
 paid for them.

 The market price of our Class A common stock has fluctuated
 substantially in the past and is likely to continue to be highly
 volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. Since January 1,
 2002 our Class A common stock has traded at prices as low
 as $6.35 and as high as $50.00 per share. Fluctuations have
 occurred and may continue to occur in response to various
 factors, many of which we cannot control, including:

 • 

 quarter-to-quarter
 variations in our operating results;

 • 

 changes in accounting rules, particularly those related to the
 expensing of stock options;

 36

Table of Contents

 • 

 newly-instituted litigation or an adverse decision or outcome in
 litigation;

 • 

 announcements of changes in our senior management;

 • 

 the gain or loss of one or more significant customers or
 suppliers;

 • 

 announcements of technological innovations or new products by
 our competitors, customers or us;

 • 

 the gain or loss of market share in any of our markets;

 • 

 general economic and political conditions and specific
 conditions in the semiconductor industry and the wired and
 wireless communications markets, including seasonality in sales
 of consumer products into which our products are incorporated;

 • 

 continuing international conflicts and acts of terrorism;

 • 

 changes in earnings estimates or investment recommendations by
 analysts;

 • 

 changes in investor perceptions; or

 • 

 changes in expectations relating to our products, plans and
 strategic position or those of our competitors or customers.

 In addition, the market prices of securities of
 Internet-related, semiconductor and other technology companies
 have been volatile. This volatility has significantly affected
 the market prices of securities of many technology companies for
 reasons frequently unrelated to the operating performance of the
 specific companies. Accordingly, you may not be able to resell
 your shares of common stock at or above the price you paid. In
 the past, we and other companies that have experienced
 volatility in the market price of their securities have been,
 and in the future we may be, the subject of securities class
 action litigation.

 The
 independent foundries upon which we rely to manufacture
 substantially all of our current products, as well as our own
 California and Singapore facilities, are located in regions that
 are subject to earthquakes and other natural
 disasters.

 Two of the five third-party foundries upon which we rely to
 manufacture substantially all of our semiconductor devices are
 located in Taiwan. Taiwan has experienced significant
 earthquakes in the past and could be subject to additional
 earthquakes. Any earthquake or other natural disaster, such as a
 tsunami, in a country in which any of our foundries is located
 could significantly disrupt our foundries’ production
 capabilities and could result in our experiencing a significant
 delay in delivery, or substantial shortage, of wafers and
 possibly in higher wafer prices.

 Our California facilities, including our principal executive
 offices and major design centers, are located near major
 earthquake fault lines. Our international distribution center is
 located in Singapore, which could also be subject to an
 earthquake, tsunami or other natural disaster. If there is a
 major earthquake or any other natural disaster in a region where
 one or more of our facilities are located, our operations could
 be significantly disrupted. Although we have established
 business interruption plans to prepare for any such event, we
 cannot guarantee that we will be able to effectively address all
 interruptions that such an event could cause.

 Any supply disruption or business interruption could materially
 and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
 results of operations.

 Changes
 in current or future laws or regulations or the imposition of
 new laws or regulations by federal or state agencies or foreign
 governments could impede the sale of our products or otherwise
 harm our business.

 Changes in current laws or regulations or the imposition of new
 laws and regulations in the United States or elsewhere could
 materially and adversely affect our business.

 The effects of regulation on our customers or the industries in
 which they operate may materially and adversely impact our
 business. For example, the Federal Communications Commission has
 broad jurisdiction over each of our target markets in the United
 States. Although current FCC regulations and the laws and
 regulations of other federal or state agencies are not directly
 applicable to our products, they do apply to much of the
 equipment into which our products are incorporated. FCC
 regulatory policies that affect the ability of cable or
 satellite operators or telephone companies to offer certain
 services to their customers or other aspects of their business
 may impede sales of our products in the United States. For
 example, in the past we have experienced delays when products
 incorporating our chips failed to comply with FCC emissions
 specifications.

 37

Table of Contents

 In addition, we and our customers are subject to various import
 and export regulations of the United States government. Changes
 in or violations of such regulations could materially and
 adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
 of operations. Additionally, various government export
 regulations apply to the encryption or other features contained
 in some of our products. We have made numerous filings and
 applied for and received a number of export licenses under these
 regulations. However, if we fail to continue to receive licenses
 or otherwise comply with these regulations, we may be unable to
 manufacture the affected products at our foreign foundries or to
 ship these products to certain customers located outside of the
 United States.

 We and our customers may also be subject to regulation by
 countries other than the United States. Foreign governments may
 impose tariffs, duties and other import restrictions on
 components that we obtain from non-domestic suppliers and may
 impose export restrictions on products that we sell
 internationally. These tariffs, duties or restrictions could
 materially and adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

 Due to environmental concerns, the use of lead and other
 hazardous substances in electronic components and systems is
 receiving increased attention. In response, the European Union
 passed the Restriction on Hazardous Substances, or RoHS,
 Directive, legislation that limits the use of lead and other
 hazardous substances in electrical equipment. The RoHS Directive
 became effective July 1, 2006. We believe that, absent any
 unforeseen delays, our current product designs and material
 supply chains will allow production to continue in compliance
 with the RoHS Directive and without interruption. However, it is
 possible that unanticipated supply shortages or delays may occur
 as a result of these new regulations.

 Our
 co-founders, directors, executive officers and their affiliates
 can control the outcome of matters that require the approval of
 our shareholders, and accordingly we will not be able to engage
 in certain transactions without their approval.

 As of December 31, 2006 our co-founders, directors,
 executive officers and their respective affiliates beneficially
 owned 14.1% of our outstanding common stock and held 59.9% of
 the total voting power held by our shareholders. Accordingly,
 these shareholders currently have enough voting power to control
 the outcome of matters that require the approval of our
 shareholders. These matters include the election of our Board of
 Directors, the issuance of additional shares of Class B
 common stock, and the approval of most significant corporate
 transactions, including certain mergers and consolidations and
 the sale of substantially all of our assets. In particular, as
 of December 31, 2006 our two founders, Dr. Henry T.
 Nicholas III, who is no longer an officer or director of
 Broadcom, and Dr. Henry Samueli, our Chairman of the Board
 and Chief Technical Officer, beneficially owned a total of 13.3%
 of our outstanding common stock and held 59.4% of the total
 voting power held by our shareholders. Because of their
 significant voting stock ownership, we will not be able to
 engage in certain transactions, and our shareholders will not be
 able to effect certain actions or transactions, without the
 approval of one or both of these shareholders. These actions and
 transactions include changes in the composition of our Board of
 Directors, certain mergers, and the sale of control of our
 company by means of a tender offer, open market purchases or
 other purchases of our Class A common stock, or otherwise.
 Repurchases of shares of our Class A common stock under our
 share repurchase program will result in an increase in the total
 voting power of our co-founders, directors, executive officers
 and their affiliates, as well as other continuing shareholders.

 Our
 articles of incorporation and bylaws contain anti-takeover
 provisions that could prevent or discourage a third party from
 acquiring us.

 Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that
 may prevent or discourage a third party from acquiring us, even
 if the acquisition would be beneficial to our shareholders. In
 addition, we have in the past issued and may in the future issue
 shares of Class B common stock in connection with certain
 acquisitions, upon exercise of certain stock options, and for
 other purposes. Class B shares have superior voting rights
 entitling the holder to ten votes for each share held on matters
 that we submit to a shareholder vote (as compared to one vote
 per share in the case of our Class A common stock) as well
 as the right to vote separately as a class (i) as required
 by law and (ii) in the case of a proposed issuance of
 additional shares of Class B common stock, unless such
 issuance is approved by at least two-thirds of the members of
 the Board of Directors then in office. Our Board of Directors
 also has the authority to fix the rights and preferences of
 shares of our preferred stock and to issue shares of
 common or preferred stock without a shareholder vote. It is
 possible that the provisions in our charter

 38

Table of Contents

 documents, the exercise of supervoting rights by holders of our
 Class B common stock, our co-founders’,
 directors’ and officers’ ownership of a majority of
 the Class B common stock, or the ability of our Board of
 Directors to issue preferred stock or additional shares of
 Class B common stock may prevent or discourage third
 parties from acquiring us, even if the acquisition would be
 beneficial to our shareholders. In addition, these factors may
 discourage third parties from bidding for our Class A
 common stock at a premium over the market price for our stock.
 These factors may also materially and adversely affect voting
 and other rights of the holders of our common stock and the
 market price of our Class A common stock.