Before deciding to purchase, hold or sell our common stock,
you should carefully consider the risks described below in
addition to the other cautionary statements and risks described
elsewhere, and the other information contained, in this Report
and in our other filings with the SEC, including our subsequent
reports on
Forms 10-Q
and 
8-K. The risks
and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face.
Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or
that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business.
If any of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties actually
occurs with material adverse effects on Broadcom, our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be seriously
harmed. In that event, the market price for our Class A
common stock will likely decline, and you may lose all or part
of your investment.

Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly.
As a result, we may fail to meet the expectations of securities
analysts and investors, which could cause our stock price to
decline.

Our quarterly net revenue and operating results have fluctuated
significantly in the past and are likely to continue to vary
from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, many of
which are not within our control. If our operating results do
not meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors,
who may derive their expectations by extrapolating data from
recent historical operating results, the market price of our
Class A common stock will likely decline. Fluctuations in
our operating results may be due to a number of factors,
including, but not limited to, those listed below and those
identified throughout this “Risk Factors” section:

• 

 changes in accounting rules, such as the change requiring the
 recording of expenses for employee stock options and other
 stock-based compensation expense commencing in the first quarter
 of 2006;

• 

 the overall cyclicality of, and changing economic and market
 conditions in, the semiconductor industry and wired and wireless
 communications markets, including seasonality in sales of
 consumer products into which our products are incorporated;

20

Table of Contents

• 

 our ability to scale our operations in response to changes in
 demand for our existing products and services or demand for new
 products requested by our customers;

• 

 intellectual property disputes, customer indemnification claims
 and other types of litigation risks;

• 

 the gain or loss of a key customer, design win or order;

• 

 our dependence on a few significant customers for a substantial
 portion of our revenue;

• 

 the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of significant customer
 orders and our ability, as well as the ability of our customers,
 to manage inventory;

• 

 our ability to retain, recruit and hire key executives,
 technical personnel and other employees in the positions and
 numbers, with the experience and capabilities, and at the
 compensation levels that we need to implement our business and
 product plans;

• 

 our ability to specify, develop or acquire, complete, introduce,
 market and transition to volume production new products and
 technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner;

• 

 the rate at which our present and future customers and end users
 adopt our technologies and products in our target markets;

• 

 the availability and pricing of third party semiconductor
 foundry, assembly and test capacity and raw materials;

• 

 our ability to timely and accurately predict market requirements
 and evolving industry standards and to identify and capitalize
 upon opportunities in new markets;

• 

 competitive pressures and other factors such as the
 qualification, availability and pricing of competing products
 and technologies and the resulting effects on sales and pricing
 of our products;

• 

 changes in our product or customer mix;

• 

 the volume of our product sales and pricing concessions on
 volume sales; and

• 

 the effects of public health emergencies, natural disasters,
 terrorist activities, international conflicts and other events
 beyond our control.

We expect new product lines to continue to account for a high
percentage of our future sales. Some of these markets are
immature and/or unpredictable or are new markets for Broadcom,
and we cannot assure you that these markets will develop into
significant opportunities or that we will continue to derive
significant revenue from these markets. Based on the limited
amount of historical data available to us, it is difficult to
anticipate our future revenue streams from, and the
sustainability of, such newer markets.

Additionally, as an increasing number of our chips are being
incorporated into consumer products, such as desktop and
notebook computers, cellular phones and other mobile
communication devices, other wireless-enabled consumer
electronics, and satellite and digital cable set-top boxes, we
anticipate greater seasonality and fluctuations in the demand
for our products, which may result in greater variations in our
quarterly operating results.

Due to all of the foregoing factors, and the other risks
discussed in this Report, you should not rely on
quarter-to-quarter
comparisons of our operating results as an indicator of future
performance.

Changes in the accounting treatment of stock-based awards
will adversely affect our reported results of operations.

In December 2004 the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or
FASB, issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards, or
SFAS, No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment,
or SFAS 123R, which is a revision of
SFAS No. 123, 
Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation, or SFAS 123. SFAS 123R requires all
share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee
stock options, to be recognized in the financial statements
based on their grant date fair values and does not allow the
previously permitted disclosure-only method as an alternative to
financial statement recognition. Effective January 1, 2006
we adopted SFAS 123R.

The adoption of the SFAS 123R fair value method will have a
significant adverse impact on our reported results of operations
because the stock-based compensation expense will be charged
directly against our reported earnings. The balance of unearned
stock-based compensation to be expensed in the period 2006
through 2009 related to share-based awards unvested at
December 31, 2005, as previously calculated under the
disclosure-only requirements of SFAS 123, is approximately
$710.0 million. The weighted-average period over which the

21

Table of Contents

unearned stock-based compensation is expected to be recognized
is approximately two years. If there are any modifications or
cancellations of the underlying unvested securities, we may be
required to accelerate, increase or cancel any remaining
unearned stock-based compensation expense. To the extent that we
grant additional equity securities to employees or assume
unvested securities in connection with any acquisitions, our
stock-based compensation expense will be increased by the
additional unearned compensation resulting from those additional
grants or acquisitions. We anticipate we will grant additional
employee stock options and restricted stock units in the second
quarter of 2006 as part of our regular annual equity
compensation focal review program. The fair value of these
grants is not included in the amount above, as the impact of
these grants cannot be predicted at this time because it will
depend on the number of share-based payments granted as part of
the focal review program and the then current fair values.

Had we adopted SFAS 123R in prior periods, the magnitude of
the impact of that standard on our results of operations would
have approximated the impact of SFAS 123 assuming the
application of the Black-Scholes option pricing model as
described in the disclosure of pro forma net income (loss) and
pro forma net income (loss) per share in Note 1 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements. SFAS 123R also requires
the benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized
compensation cost to be reported as a financing cash flow,
rather than as an operating cash flow as required under current
literature. This requirement may reduce net operating cash flows
and increase net financing cash flows in periods after its
adoption.

Our operating results may be adversely impacted by worldwide
political and economic uncertainties and specific conditions in
the markets we address, including the cyclical nature of and
volatility in the semiconductor industry. As a result, the
market price of our Class A common stock may decline.

We operate primarily in the semiconductor industry, which is
cyclical and subject to rapid change and evolving industry
standards. From time to time, the semiconductor industry has
experienced significant downturns. These downturns are
characterized by decreases in product demand, excess customer
inventories, and accelerated erosion of prices. These factors
could cause substantial fluctuations in our revenue and in our
results of operations. Any downturns in the semiconductor
industry may be severe and prolonged, and any failure of the
industry or wired and wireless communications markets to fully
recover from downturns could seriously impact our revenue and
harm our business, financial condition and results of
operations. The semiconductor industry also periodically
experiences increased demand and production capacity
constraints, which may affect our ability to ship products.
Accordingly, our operating results may vary significantly as a
result of the general conditions in the semiconductor industry,
which could cause large fluctuations in our stock price.

Additionally, in the last three years, general worldwide
economic conditions have experienced a downturn due to slower
economic activity, concerns about inflation and deflation,
increased energy costs, decreased consumer confidence, reduced
corporate profits and capital spending, adverse business
conditions and liquidity concerns in the wired and wireless
communications markets, the ongoing effects of the war in Iraq,
recent international conflicts and terrorist and military
activity, and the impact of natural disasters and public health
emergencies. These conditions make it extremely difficult for
our customers, our vendors and us to accurately forecast and
plan future business activities, and they could cause U.S. and
foreign businesses to slow spending on our products and
services, which would delay and lengthen sales cycles. We
experienced a slowdown in orders and a reduction in net revenue
in the fourth quarter of 2004 that we believe was attributable
in substantial part to excess inventory held by certain of our
customers, and we may experience a similar slowdown in the
future. We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of
any economic recovery, worldwide, or in the wired and wireless
communications markets. If the economy or the wired and wireless
communications markets in which we operate do not continue at
their present levels, our business, financial condition and
results of operations will likely be materially and adversely
affected.

If we fail to appropriately scale our operations in response
to changes in demand for our existing products and services or
to the demand for new products requested by our customers, our
business could be materially and adversely affected.

To achieve our business objectives, we anticipate that we will
need to continue to expand. We have experienced a period of
rapid growth and expansion in the past. Through internal growth
and acquisitions, we

22

Table of Contents

significantly increased the scope of our operations and expanded
our workforce from 2,580 employees, including contractors, as of
December 31, 2002 to 4,287 employees, including
contractors, as of December 31, 2005. Nonetheless, we may
not be able to expand our workforce and operations in a
sufficiently timely manner to respond effectively to changes in
demand for our existing products and services or to the demand
for new products requested by our customers. In that event, we
may be unable to meet competitive challenges or exploit
potential market opportunities, and our current or future
business could be materially and adversely affected. Conversely,
if we expand our operations and workforce too rapidly in
anticipation of increased demand for our products, and such
demand does not materialize at the pace at which we expected,
the rate of increase in our operating expenses may exceed the
rate of increase in our revenue, which would adversely affect
our operating results.

Our past growth has placed, and any future growth is expected to
continue to place, a significant strain on our management
personnel, systems and resources. To implement our current
business and product plans, we will need to continue to expand,
train, manage and motivate our workforce. All of these endeavors
will require substantial management effort. Although we have
implemented a new enterprise resource planning, or ERP, system
to help us improve our planning and management processes and a
new human resources management, or HRM, system, we anticipate
that we will also need to continue to implement a variety of new
and upgraded operational and financial systems, as well as
additional procedures and other internal management systems. In
addition, to support our growth we recently signed a lease
agreement under which we will relocate our headquarters and
Irvine operations to new, larger facilities that will enable us
to centralize all of our Irvine employees and operations on one
campus. This relocation is currently anticipated to begin in the
first quarter of 2007. We may also engage in other relocations
of our employees or operations from time to time. Such
relocations could result in temporary disruptions of our
operations or a diversion of our management’s attention and
resources. If we are unable to effectively manage our expanding
operations, we may be unable to scale our business quickly
enough to meet competitive challenges or exploit potential
market opportunities, or conversely, we may scale our business
too quickly and the rate of increase in our expenses may exceed
the rate of increase in our revenue, either of which would
materially and adversely affect our current or future business.

Intellectual property risks and third party claims of
infringement, misappropriation of proprietary rights or other
claims against us could adversely affect our ability to market
our products, require us to redesign our products or seek
licenses from third parties, and seriously harm our operating
results. In addition, the defense of such claims could result in
significant costs and divert the attention of our management or
other key employees.

Companies in and related to the semiconductor industry often
aggressively protect and pursue their intellectual property
rights. There are often intellectual property risks associated
with developing and producing new products and entering new
markets, and we may not be able to obtain, at reasonable cost
and upon commercially reasonable terms, licenses to intellectual
property of others that is alleged to read on such new or
existing products. From time to time, we have received, and may
continue to receive, notices that claim we have infringed upon,
misappropriated or misused other parties’ proprietary
rights. Moreover, in the past we have been and we currently are
engaged in litigation with parties that claim that we infringed
their patents or misappropriated or misused their trade secrets.
In addition, we or our customers may be sued by other parties
that claim that our products have infringed their patents or
misappropriated or misused their trade secrets, or which may
seek to invalidate one or more of our patents. An adverse
determination in any of these types of disputes could prevent us
from manufacturing or selling some of our products, limit or
restrict the type of work that employees involved in such
litigation may perform for Broadcom, increase our costs of
revenue and expose us to significant liability. Any of these
claims may materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. For example, in a
patent or trade secret action, a court could issue a preliminary
or permanent injunction that would require us to withdraw or
recall certain products from the market, redesign certain
products offered for sale or under development, or restrict
employees from performing work in their areas of expertise. We
may also be liable for damages for past infringement and
royalties for future use of the technology, and we may be liable
for treble damages if infringement is found to have been
willful. In addition, governmental agencies may commence
investigations or criminal proceedings against our employees,
former employees and/or the Company relating to claims of
misappropriation or misuse of another party’s proprietary

23

Table of Contents

rights. We may also have to indemnify some customers and
strategic partners under our agreements with such parties if a
third party alleges or if a court finds that our products or
activities have infringed upon, misappropriated or misused
another party’s proprietary rights. We have received
requests from certain customers and strategic partners to
include increasingly broad indemnification provisions in our
agreements with them. These indemnification provisions may, in
some circumstances, extend our liability beyond the products we
provide to include liability for combinations of components or
system level designs and consequential damages and/or lost
profits. Even if claims against us are not valid or successfully
asserted, these claims could result in significant costs and a
diversion of the attention of management and other key employees
to defend. Additionally, we have sought and may in the future
seek to obtain a license under a third party’s intellectual
property rights and have granted and may in the future grant a
license to certain of our intellectual property rights to a
third party in connection with a cross-license agreement or a
settlement of claims or actions asserted against us. However, we
may not be able to obtain such a license on commercially
reasonable terms.

Our products may contain technology provided to us by other
parties including customers. We may have little or no ability to
determine in advance whether such technology infringes the
intellectual property rights of a third party. Our suppliers and
licensors may not be required to indemnify us in the event that
a claim of infringement is asserted against us, or they may be
required to indemnify us only up to a maximum amount, above
which we would be responsible for any further costs or damages.

We may not be able to adequately protect or enforce our
intellectual property rights, which could harm our competitive
position.

Our success and future revenue growth will depend, in part, on
our ability to protect our intellectual property. We primarily
rely on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as
well as nondisclosure agreements and other methods, to protect
our proprietary technologies and processes. Despite our efforts
to protect our proprietary technologies and processes, it is
possible that competitors or other unauthorized third parties
may obtain, copy, use or disclose our technologies and
processes. We hold more than 1,250 U.S. patents and
have filed more than 3,600 additional U.S. patent
applications. However, we cannot assure you that any additional
patents will be issued. Even if a new patent is issued, the
claims allowed may not be sufficiently broad to protect our
technology. In addition, any of our existing or future patents
may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. As such, any
rights granted under these patents may not provide us with
meaningful protection. We may not have foreign patents or
pending applications corresponding to our U.S. patents and
applications. Even if foreign patents are granted, effective
enforcement in foreign countries may not be available. If our
patents do not adequately protect our technology, our
competitors may be able to offer products similar to ours. Our
competitors may also be able to develop similar technology
independently or design around our patents. Some or all of our
patents have in the past been licensed and likely will in the
future be licensed to certain of our competitors through
cross-license agreements. Moreover, because we have participated
in developing various industry standards, we may be required to
license some of our patents to others, including competitors,
who develop products based on those standards.

Certain of our software (as well as that of our customers) may
be derived from so-called “open source” software that
is generally made available to the public by its authors and/or
other third parties. Such open source software is often made
available to us under licenses, such as the GNU General Public
License, or GPL, which impose certain obligations on us in the
event we were to distribute derivative works of the open source
software. These obligations may require us to make source code
for the derivative works available to the public, and/or license
such derivative works under a particular type of license, rather
than the forms of license customarily used to protect our
intellectual property. In addition, there is little or no legal
precedent for interpreting the terms of certain of these open
source licenses, including the determination of which works are
subject to the terms of such licenses. While we believe we have
complied with our obligations under the various applicable
licenses for open source software, in the event the copyright
holder of any open source software were to successfully
establish in court that we had not complied with the terms of a
license for a particular work, we could be required to release
the source code of that work to the public and/or stop
distribution of that work. With respect to our proprietary
software, we generally license such software under terms that
prohibit combining it with open source software as described
above. Despite these restrictions, parties may combine Broadcom
proprietary software with open source

24

Table of Contents

software without our authorization, in which case we might
nonetheless be required to release the source code of our
proprietary software.

We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our
employees, consultants and strategic partners. We also try to
control access to and distribution of our technologies,
documentation and other proprietary information. Despite these
efforts, internal or external parties may attempt to copy,
disclose, obtain or use our products, services or technology
without our authorization. Also, former employees may seek
employment with our business partners, customers or competitors,
and we cannot assure you that the confidential nature of our
proprietary information will be maintained in the course of such
future employment. Additionally, current, departing or former
employees or third parties could attempt to penetrate our
computer systems and networks to misappropriate our proprietary
information and technology or interrupt our business. Because
the techniques used by computer hackers and others to access or
sabotage networks change frequently and generally are not
recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to
anticipate, counter or ameliorate these techniques. As a result,
our technologies and processes may be misappropriated,
particularly in countries where laws may not protect our
proprietary rights as fully as in the United States.

In addition, some of our customers have entered into agreements
with us that grant them the right to use our proprietary
technology if we ever fail to fulfill our obligations, including
product supply obligations, under those agreements, and if we do
not correct the failure within a specified time period.
Moreover, we often incorporate the intellectual property of
strategic customers into our own designs, and have certain
obligations not to use or disclose their intellectual property
without their authorization.

We cannot assure you that our efforts to prevent the
misappropriation or infringement of our intellectual property or
the intellectual property of our customers will succeed. We have
in the past been and currently are engaged in litigation to
enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, protect our
trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope of the
proprietary rights of others, including our customers. Such
litigation (and the settlement thereof) has been and will likely
continue to be very expensive and time consuming. Additionally,
any litigation can divert the attention of management and other
key employees from the operation of the business, which could
negatively impact our business and results of operations.

Because we depend on a few significant customers for a
substantial portion of our revenue, the loss of a key customer
could seriously impact our revenue and harm our business. In
addition, if we are unable to continue to sell existing and new
products to our key customers in significant quantities or to
attract new significant customers, our future operating results
could be adversely affected.

We have derived a substantial portion of our past revenue from
sales to a relatively small number of customers. As a result,
the loss of any significant customer could materially and
adversely affect our financial condition and results of
operations.

Sales to our five largest customers, including sales to their
manufacturing subcontractors, represented approximately 45.3%,
51.1% and 51.6% of our net revenue in 2005, 2004 and 2003,
respectively. We expect that our largest customers will continue
to account for a substantial portion of our net revenue in 2006
and for the foreseeable future. The identities of our largest
customers and their respective contributions to our net revenue
have varied and will likely continue to vary from period to
period.

We may not be able to maintain or increase sales to certain of
our key customers for a variety of reasons, including the
following:

• 

 most of our customers can stop incorporating our products into
 their own products with limited notice to us and suffer little
 or no penalty;

• 

 our agreements with our customers typically do not require them
 to purchase a minimum quantity of our products;

• 

 many of our customers have pre-existing or concurrent
 relationships with our current or potential competitors that may
 affect the customers’ decisions to purchase our products;

• 

 our customers face intense competition from other manufacturers
 that do not use our products; and

• 

 some of our customers offer or may offer products that compete
 with our products.

25

Table of Contents

In addition, our longstanding relationships with some larger
customers may also deter other potential customers who compete
with these customers from buying our products. To attract new
customers or retain existing customers, we may offer certain
customers favorable prices on our products. We may have to offer
the same lower prices to certain of our customers who have
contractual “most favored nation” pricing
arrangements. In that event, our average selling prices and
gross margins would decline. The loss of a key customer, a
reduction in sales to any key customer or our inability to
attract new significant customers could seriously impact our
revenue and materially and adversely affect our results of
operations.

Our future success depends in significant part on strategic
relationships with certain customers. If we cannot maintain
these relationships or if these customers develop their own
solutions or adopt a competitor’s solutions instead of
buying our products, our operating results would be adversely
affected.

In the past, we have relied in significant part on our strategic
relationships with customers that are technology leaders in our
target markets. We intend to pursue the formation of these
strategic relationships but we cannot assure you that we will be
able to do so. These relationships often require us to develop
new products that may involve significant technological
challenges. Our customers frequently place considerable pressure
on us to meet their tight development schedules. Accordingly, we
may have to devote a substantial amount of our resources to our
strategic relationships, which could detract from or delay our
completion of other important development projects. Delays in
development could impair our relationships with our strategic
customers and negatively impact sales of the products under
development. Moreover, it is possible that our customers may
develop their own solutions or adopt a competitor’s
solution for products that they currently buy from us. If that
happens, our sales would decline and our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be materially and
adversely affected.

We are subject to order and shipment uncertainties, and if we
are unable to accurately predict customer demand, we may hold
excess or obsolete inventory, which would reduce our profit
margin, or, conversely, we may have insufficient inventory,
which would result in lost revenue opportunities and potentially
in loss of market share and damaged customer relationships.

We typically sell products pursuant to purchase orders rather
than long-term purchase commitments. Customers can generally
cancel or defer purchase orders on short notice without
incurring a significant penalty. In the recent past, some of our
customers have developed excess inventories of their own
products and have, as a consequence, deferred purchase orders
for our products. We currently do not have the ability to
accurately predict what or how many products our customers will
need in the future. Anticipating demand is difficult because our
customers face volatile pricing and unpredictable demand for
their own products, are increasingly focused more on cash
preservation and tighter inventory management, and may be
involved in legal proceedings that could affect their ability to
buy our products. In addition, as an increasing number of our
chips are being incorporated into consumer products, we
anticipate greater fluctuations in demand for our products,
which makes it more difficult to forecast customer demand. We
place orders with our suppliers based on forecasts of customer
demand and, in some instances, may establish buffer inventories
to accommodate anticipated demand. Our forecasts are based on
multiple assumptions, each of which may introduce error into our
estimates. If we overestimate customer demand, we may allocate
resources to manufacturing products that we may not be able to
sell when we expect to, if at all. As a result, we would hold
excess or obsolete inventory, which would reduce our profit
margins and adversely affect our financial results. Conversely,
if we underestimate customer demand or if insufficient
manufacturing capacity is available, we would forego revenue
opportunities and potentially lose market share and damage our
customer relationships. In addition, any future significant
cancellations or deferrals of product orders or the return of
previously sold products could materially and adversely affect
our profit margins, increase product obsolescence and restrict
our ability to fund our operations. Furthermore, we generally
recognize revenue upon shipment of products to a customer. If a
customer refuses to accept shipped products or does not timely
pay for these products, we could incur significant charges
against our income. We have also recently entered into consigned
or customer managed inventory arrangements with certain of our
customers, although we have not shipped a significant amount of
product under those arrangements as of December 31, 2005.
Pursuant to these arrangements we deliver products to a
warehouse of the customer or a designated third party based upon
the customer’s projected needs, but do not recognize
product revenue unless and until the customer reports that

26

Table of Contents

it has removed our product from the warehouse to incorporate
into its end products. If a customer does not take product under
such an arrangement in accordance with the schedule it
originally provided us, our predicted future revenue stream
could vary substantially from our forecasts and our results of
operations could be materially and adversely affected.

We may be unable to attract, retain or motivate key senior
management and technical personnel, which could seriously harm
our business.

Our future success depends to a significant extent upon the
continued service of our key senior management personnel,
including our
co-founder, Chairman of
the Board and Chief Technical Officer, Henry
Samueli, Ph.D., our Chief Executive Officer, Scott A.
McGregor, and other senior executives. We do not have employment
agreements with these executives, or any other key employees,
that govern the length of their service, although we do have
limited retention arrangements in place with certain executives.
The loss of the services of Dr. Samueli, Mr. McGregor
or certain other key senior management or technical personnel
could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. For instance, if any of
these individuals were to leave our company unexpectedly, we
could face substantial difficulty in hiring qualified successors
and could experience a loss in productivity during the search
for and while any such successor is integrated into our business
and operations.

Furthermore, our future success depends on our ability to
continue to attract, retain and motivate senior management and
qualified technical personnel, particularly software engineers,
digital circuit designers, RF and mixed-signal circuit designers
and systems applications engineers. Competition for these
employees is intense. If we are unable to attract, retain and
motivate such personnel in sufficient numbers and on a timely
basis, we will experience difficulty in implementing our current
business and product plans. In that event, we may be unable to
successfully meet competitive challenges or to exploit potential
market opportunities, which could adversely affect our business
and results of operations.

Equity awards generally comprise a significant portion of our
compensation packages for all employees. In April and May 2003
we conducted a stock option exchange offer to address the
substantial decline in the price of our Class A common
stock over the preceding two years and to improve our ability to
retain key employees. However, we cannot be certain that we will
be able to continue to attract, retain and motivate employees if
our Class A common stock experiences another substantial
price decline.

We have also modified our compensation policies by increasing
cash compensation to certain employees and instituting awards of
restricted stock units, while simultaneously reducing awards of
stock options. This modification of our compensation policies
and the applicability of the SFAS 123R requirement to
expense the fair value of stock options awarded to employees
will increase our operating expenses. We cannot be certain that
the changes in our compensation policies will improve our
ability to attract, retain and motivate employees. Our inability
to attract and retain additional key employees and the increase
in stock-based compensation expense could each have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

If we are unable to develop and introduce new products
successfully and in a cost-effective and timely manner or to
achieve market acceptance of our new products, our operating
results would be adversely affected.

Our future success is dependent upon our ability to develop new
semiconductor solutions for existing and new markets, introduce
these products in a cost-effective and timely manner, and
convince leading equipment manufacturers to select these
products for design into their own new products. Our historical
quarterly results have been, and we expect that our future
results will continue to be, dependent on the introduction of a
relatively small number of new products and the timely
completion and delivery of those products to customers. The
development of new silicon devices is highly complex, and from
time to time we have experienced delays in completing the
development and introduction of new products and lower than
anticipated manufacturing yields in the early production of such
products. If we were to experience any similar delays in the
successful completion of a new product or similar reductions in
our manufacturing yields for a new product in the future, our
customer relationships, reputation and business could be
seriously harmed.

27

Table of Contents

Our ability to develop and deliver new products successfully
will depend on various factors, including our ability to:

• 

 timely and accurately predict market requirements and evolving
 industry standards;

• 

 accurately define new products;

• 

 timely and effectively identify and capitalize upon
 opportunities in new markets;

• 

 timely complete and introduce new product designs;

• 

 scale our operations in response to changes in demand for our
 products and services or the demand for new products requested
 by our customers;

• 

 license any desired third party technology or intellectual
 property rights;

• 

 timely qualify and obtain industry interoperability
 certification of our products and the products of our customers
 into which our products will be incorporated;

• 

 obtain sufficient foundry capacity and packaging materials;

• 

 achieve high manufacturing yields;

• 

 shift our products to smaller geometry process technologies to
 achieve lower cost and higher levels of design
 integration; and

• 

 gain market acceptance of our products and our customers’
 products.

In some of our businesses, our ability to develop and deliver
next-generation products successfully and in a timely manner may
depend in part on access to information, or licenses of
technology or intellectual property rights, from companies that
are our competitors. We cannot assure you that such information
or licenses will be made available to us on a timely basis, if
at all, or at reasonable cost and on commercially reasonable
terms.

If we are not able to develop and introduce new products
successfully and in a cost-effective and timely manner, we will
be unable to attract new customers or to retain our existing
customers, as these customers may transition to other companies
that can meet their product development needs, which would
materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

We must keep pace with rapid technological change and
evolving industry standards in the semiconductor industry and
wired and wireless communications markets to remain
competitive.

Our future success will depend on our ability to anticipate and
adapt to changes in technology and industry standards and our
customers’ changing demands. We sell products in markets
that are characterized by rapid technological change, evolving
industry standards, frequent new product introductions, short
product life cycles and increasing demand for higher levels of
integration and smaller process geometries. Our past sales and
profitability have resulted, to a large extent, from our ability
to anticipate changes in technology and industry standards and
to develop and introduce new and enhanced products incorporating
the new standards and technologies. Our ability to adapt to
these changes and to anticipate future standards, and the rate
of adoption and acceptance of those standards, will be a
significant factor in maintaining or improving our competitive
position and prospects for growth. If new industry standards
emerge, our products or our customers’ products could
become unmarketable or obsolete, and we could lose market share.
We may also have to incur substantial unanticipated costs to
comply with these new standards. In addition, our target markets
continue to undergo rapid growth and consolidation. A
significant slowdown in any of these wired and wireless
communications markets could materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. Our
success will also depend on the ability of our customers to
develop new products and enhance existing products for the wired
and wireless communications markets and to introduce and promote
those products successfully. These rapid technological changes
and evolving industry standards make it difficult to formulate a
long-term growth strategy because the semiconductor industry and
wired and wireless communications markets may not continue to
develop to the extent or in the time periods that we anticipate.
We have invested substantial resources in emerging technologies
that did not achieve the market acceptance that we had expected.
If new markets do not develop as we anticipate, or if our
products do not gain widespread acceptance in these markets, our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be
materially and adversely affected.

28

Table of Contents

We will have difficulty selling our products if customers do
not design our products into their product offerings or if our
customers’ product offerings are not commercially
successful.

Our products are generally incorporated into our customers’
products at the design stage. As a result, we rely on equipment
manufacturers to select our products to be designed into their
products. Without these “design wins,” it becomes
difficult to sell our products. We often incur significant
expenditures on the development of a new product without any
assurance that an equipment manufacturer will select our product
for design into its own product. Additionally, in some
instances, we are dependent on third parties to obtain or
provide information that we need to achieve a design win. Some
of these third parties may be our competitors and, accordingly,
may not supply this information to us on a timely basis, if at
all. Once an equipment manufacturer designs a competitor’s
product into its product offering, it becomes significantly more
difficult for us to sell our products to that customer because
changing suppliers involves significant cost, time, effort and
risk for the customer. Furthermore, even if an equipment
manufacturer designs one of our products into its product
offering, we cannot be assured that its product will be
commercially successful or that we will receive any revenue from
that product. Sales of our products largely depend on the
commercial success of our customers’ products. Our
customers are typically not obligated to purchase our products
and can choose at any time to stop using our products if their
own products are not commercially successful or for any other
reason. We cannot assure you that we will continue to achieve
design wins or that our customers’ equipment incorporating
our products will ever be commercially successful.

The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen
delays or expenses and in undetected defects or bugs, which
could damage our reputation with current or prospective
customers, result in significant costs and claims, and adversely
affect the market acceptance of new products.

Highly complex products such as the products that we offer
frequently contain defects and bugs when they are first
introduced or as new versions are released. Our products have
previously experienced, and may in the future experience, these
defects and bugs. If any of our products contains defects or
bugs, or has reliability, quality or compatibility problems, our
reputation may be damaged and customers may be reluctant to buy
our products, which could materially and adversely affect our
ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers.
In addition, these defects or bugs could interrupt or delay
sales or shipment of our products to our customers. To alleviate
these problems, we may have to invest significant capital and
other resources. Although our products are tested by us and our
suppliers and customers, it is possible that our new products
will contain defects or bugs. If any of these problems are not
found until after we have commenced commercial production of a
new product, we may be required to incur additional development
costs and product recall, repair or field replacement costs.
These problems may divert our technical and other resources from
other development efforts and could result in claims against us
by our customers or others, including possible claims for
consequential damages and/or lost profits. In addition, system
and handset providers that purchase components may require that
we assume liability for defects associated with products
produced by their manufacturing subcontractors and require that
we provide a warranty for defects or other problems which may
arise at the system level. Moreover, we would likely lose, or
experience a delay in, market acceptance of the affected product
or products, and we could lose credibility with our current and
prospective customers.

Our acquisition strategy may be dilutive to existing
shareholders, result in unanticipated accounting charges or
otherwise adversely affect our results of operations, and result
in difficulties in assimilating and integrating the operations,
personnel, technologies, products and information systems of
acquired companies or businesses.

A key element of our business strategy involves expansion
through the acquisitions of businesses, assets, products or
technologies that allow us to complement our existing product
offerings, expand our market coverage, increase our engineering
workforce or enhance our technological capabilities. Between
January 1, 1999 and December 31, 2005, we acquired
32 companies and certain assets of one other business. We
continually evaluate and explore strategic opportunities as they
arise, including business combination transactions, strategic
partnerships, and the purchase or sale of assets, including
tangible and intangible assets such as intellectual

29

Table of Contents

property. We also continually evaluate the performance and
prospects of our various businesses and possible adjustments in
our businesses to reflect changes in our assessment of their
performance and prospects.

Acquisitions may require significant capital infusions,
typically entail many risks, and could result in difficulties in
assimilating and integrating the operations, personnel,
technologies, products and information systems of acquired
companies or businesses. We have in the past and may in the
future experience delays in the timing and successful
integration of an acquired company’s technologies and
product development through volume production, unanticipated
costs and expenditures, changing relationships with customers,
suppliers and strategic partners, or contractual, intellectual
property or employment issues. In addition, key personnel of an
acquired company may decide not to work for us. The acquisition
of another company or its products and technologies may also
require us to enter into a geographic or business market in
which we have little or no prior experience. These challenges
could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and
employees, harm our reputation and increase our expenses. These
challenges are magnified as the size of the acquisition
increases. Furthermore, these challenges would be even greater
if we acquired a business or entered into a business combination
transaction with a company that was larger and more difficult to
integrate than the companies we have historically acquired.

Acquisitions may require large one-time charges and can result
in increased debt or contingent liabilities, adverse tax
consequences, deferred compensation charges, and the recording
and later amortization of amounts related to deferred
compensation and certain purchased intangible assets, any of
which items could negatively impact our results of operations.
In addition, we may record goodwill in connection with an
acquisition and incur goodwill impairment charges in the future.
Any of these charges could cause the price of our Class A
common stock to decline.

Acquisitions or asset purchases made entirely or partially for
cash may reduce our cash reserves. Alternatively, we may issue
equity or convertible debt securities in connection with an
acquisition. We have in effect an acquisition shelf registration
statement on SEC
Form S-4 that
enables us to issue up to 30 million shares of our
Class A common stock in one or more acquisition
transactions that we may enter into from time to time. Any
issuance of equity or convertible debt securities may be
dilutive to our existing shareholders. In addition, the equity
or debt securities that we may issue could have rights,
preferences or privileges senior to those of our common stock.
For example, as a consequence of the prior

pooling-of-interests
accounting rules, the securities issued in nine of our prior
acquisitions were shares of Class B common stock, which
have voting rights superior to our publicly traded Class A
common stock.

We cannot assure you that we will be able to consummate any
pending or future acquisitions or that we will realize any
anticipated benefits from these acquisitions. We may not be able
to find suitable acquisition opportunities that are available at
attractive valuations, if at all. Even if we do find suitable
acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to consummate the
acquisitions on commercially acceptable terms, and any decline
in the price of our Class A common stock may make it
significantly more difficult and expensive to initiate or
consummate additional acquisitions.

As our international business expands, we are increasingly
exposed to various legal, business, political and economic risks
associated with our international operations.

We currently obtain substantially all of our manufacturing,
assembly and testing services from suppliers located outside the
United States. In addition, approximately 25.8% of our
2005 net revenue was derived from sales to independent
customers outside the United States, excluding foreign
subsidiaries or manufacturing subcontractors of customers that
are headquartered in the United States. We also frequently ship
products to our domestic customers’ international
manufacturing divisions and subcontractors. Products shipped to
international destinations, primarily in Asia, represented
approximately 84.5% of our 2005 net revenue. In 1999 we
established an international distribution center in Singapore
that includes an engineering design center. We also undertake
design and development activities in Belgium, Canada, China,
Denmark, France, Greece, India, Israel, Japan, Korea, the
Netherlands, Taiwan and the United Kingdom, among other
locations. In addition, we undertake various sales and marketing
activities through regional offices in several other countries.
We intend to continue to expand our international business
activities and to open other design and operational centers
abroad. The

30

Table of Contents

continuing effects of the war in Iraq and terrorist attacks in
the United States and abroad, the resulting heightened security
and the increasing risk of extended international military
conflicts may adversely impact our international sales and could
make our international operations more expensive. International
operations are subject to many other inherent risks, including
but not limited to:

• 

 political, social and economic instability;

• 

 exposure to different business practices and legal standards,
 particularly with respect to intellectual property;

• 

 natural disasters and public health emergencies;

• 

 nationalization of business and blocking of cash flows;

• 

 trade and travel restrictions;

• 

 the imposition of governmental controls and restrictions;

• 

 burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws;

• 

 import and export license requirements and restrictions of the
 United States and each other country in which we operate;

• 

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

• 

 foreign technical standards;

• 

 changes in taxation and tariffs;

• 

 difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;

• 

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

• 

 difficulties in collecting receivables from foreign entities or
 delayed revenue recognition; and

• 

 potentially adverse tax consequences.

Any of the factors described above may have a material adverse
effect on our ability to increase or maintain our foreign sales.

We currently operate under tax holidays and favorable tax
incentives in certain foreign jurisdictions. For instance, in
Singapore we operate under tax holidays that reduce our taxes in
that country on certain non-investment income. Such tax holidays
and incentives often require us to meet specified employment and
investment criteria in such jurisdictions. However, we cannot
assure you that we will continue to meet such criteria or enjoy
such tax holidays and incentives, or realize any net tax
benefits from such tax holidays or incentives. If any of our tax
holidays or incentives are terminated, our results of operations
may be materially and adversely affected.

The seasonality of international sales and economic conditions
in our primary overseas markets, particularly in Asia, may
negatively impact the demand for our products abroad. All of our
international sales to date have been denominated in
U.S. dollars. Accordingly, an increase in the value of the
U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies could make our
products less competitive in international markets or require us
to assume the risk of denominating certain sales in foreign
currencies. We anticipate that these factors will impact our
business to a greater degree as we further expand our
international business activities.

We face intense competition in the semiconductor industry and
the wired and wireless communications markets, which could
reduce our market share in existing markets and affect our entry
into new markets.

The semiconductor industry and the wired and wireless
communications markets are intensely competitive. We expect
competition to continue to increase as industry standards become
well known and as other competitors enter our target markets. We
currently compete with a number of major domestic and
international suppliers of integrated circuits and related
applications in our target markets. We also compete with
suppliers of system-level and motherboard-level solutions
incorporating integrated circuits that are proprietary or
sourced from manufacturers other than Broadcom. This competition
has resulted and may continue to result in declining average
selling prices for some of our products. In all of our target
markets we also may face competition from newly established
competitors, suppliers of products based on new or emerging
technologies, and customers who choose to develop their own
semiconductor solutions. We also expect to encounter further
consolidation in the markets in which we compete.

31

Table of Contents

Many of our competitors operate their own fabrication facilities
and have longer operating histories and presence in key markets,
greater name recognition, larger customer bases, and
significantly greater financial, sales and marketing,
manufacturing, distribution, technical and other resources than
we do. These competitors may be able to adapt more quickly to
new or emerging technologies and changes in customer
requirements. They may also be able to devote greater resources
to the promotion and sale of their products. In addition,
current and potential competitors have established or may
establish financial or strategic relationships among themselves
or with existing or potential customers, resellers or other
third parties. Accordingly, new competitors or alliances among
competitors could emerge and rapidly acquire significant market
share. Existing or new competitors may also develop technologies
that more effectively address our markets with products that
offer enhanced features and functionality, lower power
requirements, greater levels of integration or lower cost.
Increased competition has resulted in and is likely to continue
to result in price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of
market share in certain markets. In some of our businesses, our
ability to develop and deliver next-generation products
successfully and in a timely fashion depends in part on access
to information, or licenses of technology or intellectual
property rights, from companies that are our competitors. We
cannot assure you that such information or licenses will be made
available to us on a timely basis, if at all, or at reasonable
cost and on commercially reasonable terms. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to continue to compete successfully against
current or new competitors. If we do not compete successfully,
we may lose market share in our existing markets and our
revenues may fail to increase or may decline.

We may experience difficulties in transitioning to smaller
geometry process technologies or in achieving higher levels of
design integration, which may result in reduced manufacturing
yields, delays in product deliveries and increased expenses.

To remain competitive, we expect to continue to transition our
semiconductor products to increasingly smaller line width
geometries. This transition requires us to modify the
manufacturing processes for our products and to redesign some
products as well as standard cells and other integrated circuit
designs that we may use in multiple products. We periodically
evaluate the benefits, on a product-by-product basis, of
migrating to smaller geometry process technologies to reduce our
costs. Currently most of our products are manufactured in
.25 micron, .22 micron, .18 micron and
.13 micron geometry processes. In addition, we have begun
to migrate some of our products to
90-nanometer and

65-nanometer process
technologies. In the past, we have experienced some difficulties
in shifting to smaller geometry process technologies or new
manufacturing processes, which resulted in reduced manufacturing
yields, delays in product deliveries and increased expenses. We
may face similar difficulties, delays and expenses as we
continue to transition our products to smaller geometry
processes. We are dependent on our relationships with our
foundry subcontractors to transition to smaller geometry
processes successfully. We cannot assure you that the foundries
that we use will be able to effectively manage the transition or
that we will be able to maintain our existing foundry
relationships or develop new ones. If any of our foundry
subcontractors or we experience significant delays in this
transition or fail to efficiently implement this transition, we
could experience reduced manufacturing yields, delays in product
deliveries and increased expenses, all of which could harm our
relationships with our customers and our results of operations.
As smaller geometry processes become more prevalent, we expect
to continue to integrate greater levels of functionality, as
well as customer and third party intellectual property, into our
products. However, we may not be able to achieve higher levels
of design integration or deliver new integrated products on a
timely basis, if at all. Moreover, even if we are able to
achieve higher levels of design integration, such integration
may have a short-term adverse impact on our operating results,
as we may reduce our revenue by integrating the functionality of
multiple chips into a single chip.

We depend on five independent foundry subcontractors to
manufacture substantially all of our current products, and any
failure to secure and maintain sufficient foundry capacity could
materially and adversely affect our business.

We do not own or operate a fabrication facility. Five
third-party foundry subcontractors located in Asia manufacture
substantially all of our semiconductor devices in current
production. Availability of foundry capacity has at times in the
past been reduced due to strong demand. In addition, a
recurrence of severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, or the
occurrence of a significant outbreak of avian influenza among
humans or another

32

Table of Contents

public health emergency in Asia could further affect the
production capabilities of our manufacturers by resulting in
quarantines or closures. If we are unable to secure sufficient
capacity at our existing foundries, or in the event of a
quarantine or closure at any of these foundries, our revenues,
cost of revenues and results of operations would be negatively
impacted.

In September 1999 two of our foundries’ principal
facilities were affected by a significant earthquake in Taiwan.
As a consequence of this earthquake, they suffered power outages
and equipment damage that impaired their wafer deliveries,
which, together with strong demand, resulted in wafer shortages
and higher wafer pricing industrywide. If any of our foundries
experiences a shortage in capacity, suffers any damage to its
facilities, experiences power outages, suffers an adverse
outcome in pending or future litigation, or encounters financial
difficulties or any other disruption of foundry capacity, we may
need to qualify an alternative foundry. Even our current
foundries need to have new manufacturing processes qualified if
there is a disruption in an existing process. We typically
require several months to qualify a new foundry or process
before we can begin shipping products from it. If we cannot
accomplish this qualification in a timely manner, we may
experience a significant interruption in supply of the affected
products.

Because we rely on outside foundries with limited capacity, we
face several significant risks, including:

• 

 a lack of guaranteed wafer supply and potential wafer shortages
 and higher wafer prices;

• 

 limited control over delivery schedules, quality assurance,
 manufacturing yields and production costs; and

• 

 the unavailability of, or potential delays in obtaining access
 to, key process technologies.

In addition, the manufacture of integrated circuits is a highly
complex and technologically demanding process. Although we work
closely with our foundries to minimize the likelihood of reduced
manufacturing yields, our foundries have from time to time
experienced lower than anticipated manufacturing yields. This
often occurs during the production of new products or the
installation and
start-up of new process
technologies. Poor yields from our foundries could result in
product shortages or delays in product shipments, which could
seriously harm our relationships with our customers and
materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

The ability of each foundry to provide us with semiconductor
devices is limited by its available capacity and existing
obligations. Although we have entered into contractual
commitments to supply specified levels of products to some of
our customers, we do not have a long-term volume purchase
agreement or a significant guaranteed level of production
capacity with any of our foundries. Foundry capacity may not be
available when we need it or at reasonable prices. Availability
of foundry capacity has in the recent past been reduced from
time to time due to strong demand. We place our orders on the
basis of our customers’ purchase orders or our forecast of
customer demand, and the foundries can allocate capacity to the
production of other companies’ products and reduce
deliveries to us on short notice. It is possible that foundry
customers that are larger and better financed than we are, or
that have long-term agreements with our main foundries, may
induce our foundries to reallocate capacity to them. This
reallocation could impair our ability to secure the supply of
components that we need. Although we use five independent
foundries to manufacture substantially all of our semiconductor
products, each component is typically manufactured at only one
or two foundries at any given time, and if any of our foundries
is unable to provide us with components as needed, we could
experience significant delays in securing sufficient supplies of
those components. Also, our third party foundries typically
migrate capacity to newer,
state-of-the-art
manufacturing processes on a regular basis, which may create
capacity shortages for our products designed to be manufactured
on an older process. We cannot assure you that any of our
existing or new foundries will be able to produce integrated
circuits with acceptable manufacturing yields, or that our
foundries will be able to deliver enough semiconductor devices
to us on a timely basis, or at reasonable prices. These and
other related factors could impair our ability to meet our
customers’ needs and have a material and adverse effect on
our operating results.

Although we may utilize new foundries for other products in the
future, in using new foundries we will be subject to all of the
risks described in the foregoing paragraphs with respect to our
current foundries.

33

Table of Contents

We depend on third-party subcontractors to assemble, obtain
packaging materials for, and test substantially all of our
current products. If we lose the services of any of our
subcontractors or if these subcontractors are unable to obtain
sufficient packaging materials, shipments of our products may be
disrupted, which could harm our customer relationships and
adversely affect our net sales.

We do not own or operate an assembly or test facility. Seven
third-party subcontractors located in Asia assemble, obtain
packaging materials for, and test substantially all of our
current products. Because we rely on third-party subcontractors
to perform these functions, we cannot directly control our
product delivery schedules and quality assurance. This lack of
control has resulted, and could in the future result, in product
shortages or quality assurance problems that could delay
shipments of our products or increase our manufacturing,
assembly or testing costs.

In the recent past we and others in our industry experienced a
shortage in the supply of packaging substrates that we use for
our products. If our third-party subcontractors are unable to
obtain sufficient packaging materials for our products in a
timely manner, we may experience a significant product shortage
or delay in product shipments, which could seriously harm our
customer relationships and materially and adversely affect our
net sales.

We do not have long-term agreements with any of our assembly or
test subcontractors and typically procure services from these
suppliers on a per order basis. If any of these subcontractors
experiences capacity constraints or financial difficulties,
suffers any damage to its facilities, experiences power outages
or any other disruption of assembly or testing capacity, we may
not be able to obtain alternative assembly and testing services
in a timely manner. Due to the amount of time that it usually
takes us to qualify assemblers and testers, we could experience
significant delays in product shipments if we are required to
find alternative assemblers or testers for our components. Any
problems that we may encounter with the delivery, quality or
cost of our products could damage our customer relationships and
materially and adversely affect our results of operations. We
are continuing to develop relationships with additional
third-party subcontractors to assemble and test our products.
However, even if we use these new subcontractors, we will
continue to be subject to all of the risks described above.

Our products typically have lengthy sales cycles. A customer
may decide to cancel or change its product plans, which could
cause us to lose anticipated sales. In addition, our average
product life cycles tend to be short and, as a result, we may
hold excess or obsolete inventory that could adversely affect
our operating results.

After we have developed and delivered a product to a customer,
the customer will usually test and evaluate our product prior to
designing its own equipment to incorporate our product. Our
customers may need three to more than six months to test,
evaluate and adopt our product and an additional three to more
than nine months to begin volume production of equipment that
incorporates our product. Due to this lengthy sales cycle, we
may experience significant delays from the time we increase our
operating expenses and make investments in inventory until the
time that we generate revenue from these products. It is
possible that we may never generate any revenue from these
products after incurring such expenditures. Even if a customer
selects our product to incorporate into its equipment, we have
no assurances that the customer will ultimately market and sell
its equipment or that such efforts by our customer will be
successful. The delays inherent in our lengthy sales cycle
increase the risk that a customer will decide to cancel or
change its product plans. Such a cancellation or change in plans
by a customer could cause us to lose sales that we had
anticipated. In addition, anticipated sales could be materially
and adversely affected if a significant customer curtails,
reduces or delays orders during our sales cycle or chooses not
to release equipment that contains our products.

While our sales cycles are typically long, our average product
life cycles tend to be short as a result of the rapidly changing
technology environment in which we operate. As a result, the
resources devoted to product sales and marketing may not
generate material revenue for us, and from time to time, we may
need to write off excess and obsolete inventory. If we incur
significant marketing expenses and investments in inventory in
the future that we are not able to recover, and we are not able
to compensate for those expenses, our operating results could be

34

Table of Contents

adversely affected. In addition, if we sell our products at
reduced prices in anticipation of cost reductions but still hold
higher cost products in inventory, our operating results would
be harmed.

Our stock price is highly volatile. Accordingly, you may not
be able to resell your shares of common stock at or above the
price you paid for them.

The market price of our Class A common stock has fluctuated
substantially in the past and is likely to continue to be highly
volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. Since January 1,
2002 our Class A common stock has traded at prices as low
as $9.52 and as high as $71.87 per share. Fluctuations have
occurred and may continue to occur in response to various
factors, many of which we cannot control, including:

• 

 quarter-to-quarter
 variations in our operating results;

• 

 changes in accounting rules, particularly those related to the
 expensing of stock options;

• 

 newly-instituted litigation or an adverse decision or outcome in
 litigation;

• 

 announcements of changes in our senior management;

• 

 the gain or loss of one or more significant customers or
 suppliers;

• 

 announcements of technological innovations or new products by
 our competitors, customers or us;

• 

 the gain or loss of market share in any of our markets;

• 

 general economic and political conditions and specific
 conditions in the semiconductor industry and the wired and
 wireless communications markets, including seasonality in sales
 of consumer products into which our products are incorporated;

• 

 continuing international conflicts and acts of terrorism;

• 

 changes in earnings estimates or investment recommendations by
 analysts;

• 

 changes in investor perceptions; or

• 

 changes in expectations relating to our products, plans and
 strategic position or those of our competitors or customers.

In addition, the market prices of securities of
Internet-related, semiconductor and other technology companies
have been volatile. This volatility has significantly affected
the market prices of securities of many technology companies for
reasons frequently unrelated to the operating performance of the
specific companies. Accordingly, you may not be able to resell
your shares of common stock at or above the price you paid. In
the past, we and other companies that have experienced
volatility in the market price of their securities have been,
and in the future we may be, the subject of securities class
action litigation.

The independent foundries upon which we rely to manufacture
substantially all of our current products, as well as and our
California and Singapore facilities, are located in regions that
are subject to earthquakes and other natural disasters.

Two of the five third-party foundries upon which we rely to
manufacture substantially all of our semiconductor devices are
located in Taiwan. Taiwan has experienced significant
earthquakes in the past and could be subject to additional
earthquakes. Any earthquake or other natural disaster, such as a
tsunami, in a country in which any of our foundries is located
could significantly disrupt our foundries’ production
capabilities and could result in our experiencing a significant
delay in delivery, or substantial shortage, of wafers and
possibly in higher wafer prices. Our California facilities,
including our principal executive offices and major design
centers, are located near major earthquake fault lines. Our
international distribution center is located in Singapore, which
could also be subject to an earthquake, tsunami or other natural
disaster. If there is a major earthquake or any other natural
disaster in a region where one or more of our facilities are
located, our operations could be significantly disrupted.
Although we have established business interruption plans to
prepare for any such event, we cannot guarantee that we will be
able to effectively address all interruptions that such an event
could cause.

35

Table of Contents

Changes in current or future laws or regulations or the
imposition of new laws or regulations by the FCC, other federal
or state agencies or foreign governments could impede the sale
of our products or otherwise harm our business.

The Federal Communications Commission has broad jurisdiction
over each of our target markets. Although current FCC
regulations and the laws and regulations of other federal or
state agencies are not directly applicable to our products, they
do apply to much of the equipment into which our products are
incorporated. FCC regulatory policies that affect the ability of
cable operators or telephone companies to offer certain services
to their customers or other aspects of their business may impede
sales of our products. Accordingly, the effects of regulation on
our customers or the industries in which they operate may, in
turn, materially and adversely impact our business. For example,
in the past we have experienced delays when products
incorporating our chips failed to comply with FCC emissions
specifications. We and our customers may also be subject to
regulation by countries other than the United States. Foreign
governments may impose tariffs, duties and other import
restrictions on components that we obtain from non-domestic
suppliers and may impose export restrictions on products that we
sell internationally. These tariffs, duties or restrictions
could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Changes in current laws or
regulations or the imposition of new laws and regulations in the
United States or elsewhere could also materially and adversely
affect our business.

If our internal controls over financial reporting do not
comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our
business and stock price could be adversely affected.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us
to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting as of the end of each year, and to include a
management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal
controls over financial reporting in all annual reports.
Section 404 also requires our independent registered public
accounting firm to attest to, and report on, management’s
assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting.

Our management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that
our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all
error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that the control system’s objectives
will be met. Further, the design of a control system must
reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.
Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all
control issues and instances of fraud, if any, involving
Broadcom have been, or will be, detected. These inherent
limitations include the realities that judgments in decision
making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of
simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by
the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more
people, or by management override of the controls. The design of
any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events, and we cannot assure you
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in
the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. Because of
the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system,
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be
detected.

Although our management has determined, and our independent
registered public accounting firm has attested, that our
internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of
December 31, 2005, we cannot assure you that we or our
independent registered public accounting firm will not identify
a material weakness in our internal controls in the future. A
material weakness in our internal controls over financial
reporting would require management and our independent
registered public accounting firm to evaluate our internal
controls as ineffective. If our internal controls over financial
reporting are not considered adequate, we may experience a loss
of public confidence, which could have an adverse effect on our
business and our stock price.

36

Table of Contents

We may seek to raise additional capital through the issuance
of additional equity or debt securities or by borrowing money,
but additional funds may not be available on terms acceptable to
us, if at all.

We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities, together with cash generated by
operations and from the exercise of employee stock options will
be sufficient to cover our working capital needs, capital
expenditures, investment requirements, commitments and
repurchases of our Class A common stock for at least the
next 12 months. However, it is possible that we may need to
raise additional funds to finance our activities beyond the next
12 months or to consummate acquisitions of other
businesses, assets, products or technologies. We could raise
such funds by selling equity or debt securities to the public or
to selected investors, or by borrowing money from financial
institutions. In addition, even though we may not need
additional funds, we may still elect to sell additional equity
or debt securities or obtain credit facilities for other
reasons. We have in effect a universal shelf registration
statement on SEC
Form S-3 that
allows us to sell, in one or more public offerings, shares of
our Class A common stock, shares of preferred stock or debt
securities, or any combination of such securities, for proceeds
in an aggregate amount of up to $750 million. However, we
have not issued nor do we have immediate plans to issue
securities to raise capital under the universal shelf
registration statement. If we elect to raise additional funds,
we may not be able to obtain such funds on a timely basis on
acceptable terms, if at all. If we raise additional funds by
issuing equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership
percentages of existing shareholders would be reduced. In
addition, the equity or debt securities that we issue may have
rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our common
stock.

Our co-founders, directors, executive officers and their
affiliates can control the outcome of matters that require the
approval of our shareholders, and accordingly we will not be
able to engage in certain transactions without their
approval.

As of December 31, 2005 our co-founders, directors,
executive officers and their respective affiliates beneficially
owned approximately 15.6% of our outstanding common stock and
held 62.2% of the total voting power held by our shareholders.
Accordingly, these shareholders currently have enough voting
power to control the outcome of matters that require the
approval of our shareholders. These matters include the election
of our Board of Directors, the issuance of additional shares of
Class B common stock, and the approval of most significant
corporate transactions, including certain mergers and
consolidations and the sale of substantially all of our assets.
In particular, as of December 31, 2005 our two founders,
Dr. Henry T. Nicholas III, who is no longer an
officer or director of Broadcom, and Dr. Henry Samueli, our
Chairman of the Board and Chief Technical Officer, beneficially
owned a total of approximately 14.5% of our outstanding common
stock and held 61.2% of the total voting power held by our
shareholders. Because of their significant voting stock
ownership, we will not be able to engage in certain
transactions, and our shareholders will not be able to effect
certain actions or transactions, without the approval of one or
both of these shareholders. These actions and transactions
include changes in the composition of our Board of Directors,
certain mergers, and the sale of control of our company by means
of a tender offer, open market purchases or other purchases of
our Class A common stock, or otherwise.

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain
anti-takeover provisions that could prevent or discourage a
third party from acquiring us.

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that
may prevent or discourage a third party from acquiring us, even
if the acquisition would be beneficial to our shareholders. In
addition, we have in the past issued and may in the future issue
shares of Class B common stock in connection with certain
acquisitions, upon exercise of certain stock options, and for
other purposes. Class B shares have superior voting rights
entitling the holder to ten votes for each share held on matters
that we submit to a shareholder vote (as compared to one vote
per share in the case of our Class A common stock) as well
as the right to vote separately as a class (i) as required by
law and (ii) in the case of a proposed issuance of additional
shares of Class B common stock, unless such issuance is
approved by at least
two-thirds of the
members of the Board of Directors then in office. Our Board of
Directors also has the authority to fix the rights and
preferences of shares of our preferred stock and to issue such
shares without a shareholder vote. It is possible that the
provisions in our charter documents, the exercise of supervoting
rights by holders of our Class B common stock, our
co-founders’, directors’ and officers’ ownership
of a majority of the Class B common stock, or the ability
of our Board of Directors to issue preferred

37

Table of Contents

stock or additional shares of Class B common stock may
prevent or discourage third parties from acquiring us, even if
the acquisition would be beneficial to our shareholders. In
addition, these factors may discourage third parties from
bidding for our Class A common stock at a premium over the
market price for our stock. These factors may also materially
and adversely affect voting and other rights of the holders of
our common stock and the market price of our Class A common
stock.