.

 The risk factors discussed herein relate specifically to the
 risks associated with our continuing operations.

 We may
 not be able to achieve some or all of the strategic objectives
 that we expected to achieve in connection with the spin-off of
 Patriot Coal Corporation in October 2007.

 We may not be able to completely achieve the financial and
 strategic objectives of our spin-off of Patriot Coal Corporation
 or such objectives may be delayed in their realization if they
 ever occur.

 If a
 substantial portion of our long-term coal supply agreements
 terminate, our revenues and operating profits could suffer if we
 are unable to find alternate buyers willing to purchase our coal
 on comparable terms to those in our contracts.

 Most of our sales are made under coal supply agreements, which
 are important to the stability and profitability of our
 operations. The execution of a satisfactory coal supply
 agreement is frequently the basis on which we undertake the
 development of coal reserves required to be supplied under the
 contract. For the year ended December 31, 2007, 94% of our
 sales volume was sold under long-term coal supply agreements. At
 December 31, 2007, our sales backlog, including backlog
 subject to price reopener and/or extension provisions, was
 nearly one billion tons, representing more than four years of
 current production in backlog. Contracts in backlog have
 remaining terms ranging from one to 17 years.

 Many of our coal supply agreements contain provisions that
 permit the parties to adjust the contract price upward or
 downward at specified times. We may adjust these contract prices
 based on inflation or deflation
 and/or
 changes in the factors affecting the cost of producing coal,
 such as taxes, fees, royalties and changes in the laws
 regulating the mining, production, sale or use of coal. In a
 limited number of contracts, failure of the parties to agree on
 a price under those provisions may allow either party to
 terminate the contract. We sometimes experience a reduction in
 coal prices in new long-term coal supply agreements replacing
 some of our expiring contracts. Coal supply agreements also
 typically contain force majeure provisions allowing temporary
 suspension of performance by us or the customer during the
 duration of specified events beyond the control of the affected
 party. Most coal supply agreements contain provisions requiring
 us to deliver coal meeting quality thresholds for certain
 characteristics such as Btu, sulfur content, ash content,
 grindability and ash fusion temperature. Failure to meet these
 specifications could result in economic penalties, including
 price adjustments, the rejection of deliveries or termination of
 the contracts. Moreover, some of these agreements permit the
 customer to terminate the contract if transportation costs,
 which our customers typically bear, increase substantially. In
 addition, some of these contracts allow our customers to
 terminate their contracts in the event of changes in regulations
 affecting our industry that increase the price of coal beyond
 specified limits.

 The operating profits we realize from coal sold under supply
 agreements depend on a variety of factors. In addition, price
 adjustment and other provisions may increase our exposure to
 short-term coal price volatility provided by those contracts. If
 a substantial portion of our coal supply agreements were
 modified or terminated, we could be materially adversely
 affected to the extent that we are unable to find alternate
 buyers for our coal at the same level of profitability. Market
 prices for coal vary by mining region and country. As a result,
 we cannot predict the future strength of the coal market overall
 or by mining region and cannot assure you that we will be able
 to replace existing long-term coal supply agreements at the same
 prices or with similar profit margins when they expire. In
 addition, one of our largest coal supply agreements is the
 subject of ongoing litigation and arbitration.

 27

 The
 loss of, or significant reduction in, purchases by our largest
 customers could adversely affect our revenues.

 For the year ended December 31, 2007, we derived 23% of our
 total coal revenues from sales to our five largest customers. At
 December 31, 2007, we had 125 coal supply agreements and
 trading transactions with these customers expiring at various
 times from 2008 to 2014. We are currently discussing the
 extension of existing agreements or entering into new long-term
 agreements with some of these customers, but these negotiations
 may not be successful and those customers may not continue to
 purchase coal from us under long-term coal supply agreements. If
 a number of these customers significantly reduce their purchases
 of coal from us, or if we are unable to sell coal to them on
 terms as favorable to us as the terms under our current
 agreements, our financial condition and results of operations
 could suffer materially.

 If
 transportation for our coal becomes unavailable or uneconomic
 for our customers, our ability to sell coal could
 suffer.

 Transportation costs represent a significant portion of the
 total cost of coal and the cost of transportation is a critical
 factor in a customer’s purchasing decision. Increases in
 transportation costs and the lack of sufficient rail and port
 capacity could lead to reduced coal sales. As of
 December 31, 2007, certain coal supply agreements, which
 account for less than 5% of our tons sold, permit the customer
 to terminate the contract if the cost of transportation
 increases by an amount over specified levels in any given
 12-month
 period.

 Coal producers depend upon rail, barge, trucking, overland
 conveyor and ocean-going vessels to deliver coal to markets.
 While our coal customers typically arrange and pay for
 transportation of coal from the mine or port to the point of
 use, disruption of these transportation services because of
 weather-related problems, infrastructure damage, strikes,
 lock-outs, lack of fuel or maintenance items, transportation
 delays or other events could temporarily impair our ability to
 supply coal to our customers and thus could adversely affect our
 results of operations. For example, two primary railroads serve
 the Powder River Basin mines. Due to the high volume of coal
 shipped from all Powder River Basin mines, the loss of access to
 rail capacity could create temporary congestion on the rail
 systems servicing that region. In Australia we currently ship
 coal through the ports of Dalrymple Bay, Gladstone, Brisbane,
 Newcastle and Port Kembla. In most instances, we rail coal to
 these ports. The Australian coal supply chains (rail and port)
 can be impacted by a number of factors including weather events,
 breakdown or underperformance of the port and rail
 infrastructure, congestion and balancing systems which are
 imposed to manage vessel queuing and demurrage. We are also
 susceptible to increased costs or lost sales due to Australian
 coal chain problems. In 2007, we experienced high demurrage
 costs (fees paid to third-party shipping companies for loading
 time that exceeded the stipulated time) and increased vessel
 wait times due to these problems and the high demand for
 Australian coal.

 Risks
 inherent to mining could increase the cost of operating our
 business.

 Our mining operations are subject to conditions that can impact
 the safety of our workforce, or delay coal deliveries or
 increase the cost of mining at particular mines for varying
 lengths of time. These conditions include fires and explosions
 from methane gas or coal dust; accidental minewater discharges;
 weather, flooding and natural disasters; unexpected maintenance
 problems; key equipment failures; variations in coal seam
 thickness; variations in the amount of rock and soil overlying
 the coal deposit; variations in rock and other natural materials
 and variations in geologic conditions. We maintain insurance
 policies that provide limited coverage for some of these risks,
 although there can be no assurance that these risks would be
 fully covered by our insurance policies. Despite our efforts,
 significant mine accidents could occur and have a substantial
 impact.

 Concerns
 about the environmental impacts of coal combustion, including
 perceived impacts on global climate change, are resulting in
 increased regulation of coal combustion in many jurisdictions,
 and interest in further regulation, which could significantly
 affect demand for our products.

 Global climate change continues to attract considerable public
 and scientific attention. Widely publicized scientific reports
 in 2007, such as the Fourth Assessment Report of the
 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate

 28

 Change, have also engendered widespread concern about the
 impacts of human activity, especially fossil fuel combustion, on
 global climate change. In turn, considerable and increasing
 government attention in the United States is being paid to
 global climate change and to reducing greenhouse gas emissions,
 particularly from coal combustion by power plants. Legislation
 was introduced in Congress in 2006 and 2007 to reduce greenhouse
 gas emissions in the United States and additional legislation is
 likely to be introduced in the future. In addition, a growing
 number of states in the United States are taking steps to reduce
 greenhouse gas emissions from coal-fired power plants. The
 U.S. Supreme Court’s recent decision in
 Massachusetts v. EPA ruled that the EPA improperly declined
 to address carbon dioxide impacts on climate change in a recent
 rulemaking. Although the specific rulemaking related to new
 motor vehicles, the reasoning of the decision could affect other
 federal regulatory programs, including those that directly
 relate to coal use. Enactment of laws and passage of regulations
 regarding greenhouse gas emissions by the United States or some
 of its states, or other actions to limit carbon dioxide
 emissions, could result in electric generators switching from
 coal to other fuel sources.

 Concerns about other adverse environmental effects from coal
 combustion have also led to increased regulation. For example,
 in the United States, CAIR and CAMR, both issued by the EPA in
 March 2005, impose increasingly stringent requirements on
 coal-fired power plants in order to reduce emissions of sulfur
 dioxide, nitrogen oxide, and mercury. Each of the regulations
 takes effect in two phases, the first phase requiring certain
 reductions in overall emissions by
 2009-10, the
 second requiring additional reductions in overall emissions by
 2015 under CAIR and 2018 under CAMR. Both rules have been the
 subject of legal challenges by environmental advocacy groups
 that seek larger cuts sooner. On February 2, 2008, the
 Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia rendered a
 decision effectively vacating CAMR. If the decision stands, the
 EPA will have to revisit its standards regarding mercury
 emissions. Some states have independently established
 requirements imposing larger cuts sooner. Such requirements, in
 varying degrees, increase the costs of coal utilization for our
 customers and our prospective customers.

 Further developments in connection with legislation, regulations
 or other limits on greenhouse gas emissions and other
 environmental impacts from coal combustion, both in the United
 States and in other countries where we sell coal, could have a
 material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows
 and financial condition.

 Our
 mining operations are extensively regulated, which imposes
 significant costs on us, and future regulations and developments
 could increase those costs or limit our ability to produce
 coal.

 Federal, state and local authorities regulate the coal mining
 industry with respect to matters such as employee health and
 safety, permitting and licensing requirements, air quality
 standards, water pollution, plant and wildlife protection,
 reclamation and restoration of mining properties after mining is
 completed, the discharge of materials into the environment,
 surface subsidence from underground mining and the effects that
 mining has on groundwater quality and availability. Numerous
 governmental permits and approvals are required for mining
 operations. We are required to prepare and present to federal,
 state or local authorities data pertaining to the effect or
 impact that any proposed exploration for or production of coal
 may have upon the environment. The costs, liabilities and
 requirements associated with these regulations may be costly and
 time-consuming and may delay commencement or continuation of
 exploration or production. The possibility exists that new
 legislation
 and/or
 regulations and orders related to the environment or employee
 health and safety may be adopted and may materially adversely
 affect our mining operations, our cost structure

and/or our
 customers’ ability to use coal. New legislation or
 administrative regulations (or judicial interpretations of
 existing laws and regulations), including proposals related to
 the protection of the environment that would further regulate
 and tax the coal industry, may also require us or our customers
 to change operations significantly or incur increased costs.
 Some of our coal supply agreements contain provisions that allow
 a purchaser to terminate its contract if legislation is passed
 that either restricts the use or type of coal permissible at the
 purchaser’s plant or results in specified increases in the
 cost of coal or its use. These factors and legislation, if
 enacted, could have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition and results of operations.

 29

 A number of laws, including in the U.S. the Comprehensive
 Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA
 or Superfund), impose liability relating to contamination by
 hazardous substances. Such liability may involve the costs of
 investigating or remediating contamination and damages to
 natural resources, as well as claims seeking to recover for
 property damage or personal injury caused by hazardous
 substances. Such liability may arise from conditions at formerly
 as well as currently owned or operated properties, and at