.

Most of the states in which we operate have state programs for
mine safety and health regulation and enforcement. Collectively,
federal and state safety and health regulation in the coal
mining industry is perhaps the most comprehensive and pervasive
system for protection of employee health and safety affecting
any segment of U.S. industry. As a result of the increase
in fatal accidents primarily at U.S. underground mines,
several states have adopted new safety regulations and the Mine
Safety and Health Administration has passed numerous emergency
regulations including emergency notification and response plans,
increased fines for violations and added mine rescue coverage
requirements. While these changes have had a significant effect
on our operating costs, our U.S. competitors with
underground mines are subject to the same degree of regulation.

21

Table of Contents

 Black Lung

In the United States, under the Black Lung Benefits Revenue Act
of 1977 and the Black Lung Benefits Reform Act of 1977, as
amended in 1981, each U.S. coal mine operator must pay
federal black lung benefits and medical expenses to claimants
who are current and former employees and last worked for the
operator after July 1, 1973. Coal mine operators must also
make payments to a trust fund for the payment of benefits and
medical expenses to claimants who last worked in the coal
industry prior to July 1, 1973. Historically, less than 7%
of the miners currently seeking federal black lung benefits are
awarded these benefits. The trust fund is funded by an excise
tax on U.S. production of up to $1.10 per ton for
deep-mined coal and up to $0.55 per ton for surface-mined
coal, neither amount to exceed 4.4% of the gross sales price.

 Coal Industry Retiree Health Benefit Act of 1992

The Coal Industry Retiree Health Benefit Act of 1992 (“Coal
Act”) provides for the funding of health benefits for
certain UMWA retirees. The Coal Act established the Combined
Fund into which “signatory operators” and
“related persons” are obligated to pay annual premiums
for beneficiaries. The Coal Act also created a second benefit
fund, the 1992 Benefit Plan, for miners who retired between
July 21, 1992, and September 30, 1994, and whose
former employers are no longer in business. Annual payments made
by certain of our subsidiaries under the Coal Act totaled
$13.5 million, $6.3 million $19.3 million,
respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2006,
2005 and 2004.

The 2006 Act specifically amended the federal laws establishing
the Combined Fund, the 1992 Benefit Plan and the 1993 Benefit
Plan. The 2006 Act provides new and additional funding to all
three programs, subject to the limitations described below. The
2006 Act guarantees full funding of all beneficiaries in the
Combined Fund by supplementing the annual transfers of interest
earned on the AML trust fund. The 2006 Act further provides
funding for the annual orphan health costs under the 1992
Benefit Plan on a phased-in basis: 25%, 50% and 75% in the years
2008, 2009 and 2010, respectively. Thereafter, federal funding
will pay for 100% of the orphan health costs. The coal producers
that signed the 1988 labor agreement, including some of our
subsidiaries, remain responsible for the costs of the 1992
Benefit Plan in 2007. The 2006 Act also included the 1993
Benefit Plan as one of the statutory funds and authorizes the
trustees of the 1993 Benefit Plan to determine the contribution
rates through 2010 for pre-2007 beneficiaries. During calendar
years 2008 through 2010, federal funding will pay a portion of
the 1993 Benefit Plan’s annual health costs on a phased-in
basis; 25%, 50% and 75% in the years 2008, 2009 and 2010,
respectively. The 1993 Benefit Plan trustees have set a
$2.00 per hour statutory contribution rate for 2007. Under
the 2006 Act, these new and additional federal expenditures to
the Combined Fund, 1992 Benefit Plan, 1993 Benefit Plan and
certain Abandoned Mine Land payments to the states and Indian
tribes are collectively limited by an aggregate annual cap of
$490 million. To the extent that (i) the annual
funding of the programs exceeds this amount (plus the amount of
interest from the AML trust fund paid with respect to the
Combined Benefit Fund), and (ii) Congress does not allocate
additional funds to cover the shortfall, contributing employers
and affiliates, including some of our subsidiaries, would be
responsible for the additional costs. Those of our subsidiaries
that have agreed to the 2007 National Bituminous Coal Wage
Agreement will pay $0.50 per hour worked to the 1993
Benefit Plan to provide benefits for post 2006 beneficiaries. To
the extent the $0.50 per hour payment exceeds the amount
needed for this purpose, the difference will be credited against
the $2.00 per hour statutory payment.

Our subsidiaries have been billed a retroactive assessment in
the amount of $7.4 million for periods prior to
October 1, 2003 as well as an increase of $0.7 million
for the period from October 1, 2003 through
September 30, 2004 and $0.6 million from October 2004
through August 15, 2005 as a result of the Social Security
Administration’s premium recalculation. These amounts were
paid as required by the Combined Fund Trustees, but were
paid under protest. In August 2005, a federal district court in
Maryland ruled in favor of our subsidiaries, and we suspended
payments to the Combined Fund to recoup our overpayment. On
December 2, 2005, the same federal court granted a stay of
payment recoupment, and we paid to the Combined Fund the amount
we recouped. In December 2006, the Fourth Circuit Court of
Appeals upheld the Maryland district court’s finding that
the Social Security Administration’s premium calculation was

22

Table of Contents

unlawful. Our subsidiaries are pursuing a refund of the
$8 million overpayment made to the Combined Fund.

 Environmental Laws

We are subject to various federal, state and foreign
environmental laws. Some of these laws, discussed below, place
many requirements on our coal mining operations. Federal and
state regulations require regular monitoring of our mines and
other facilities to ensure compliance.

 Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act

In the United States, the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation
Act of 1977 (“SMCRA”), which is administered by the
Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement
(“OSM”), establishes mining, environmental protection
and reclamation standards for all aspects of U.S. surface
mining as well as many aspects of deep mining. Mine operators
must obtain SMCRA permits and permit renewals for mining
operations from the OSM. Where state regulatory agencies have
adopted federal mining programs under the act, the state becomes
the regulatory authority. Except for Arizona, states in which we
have active mining operations have achieved primary control of
enforcement through federal authorization. In Arizona, we mine
on tribal lands and are regulated by OSM because the tribes do
not have SMCRA authorization.

SMCRA permit provisions include requirements for coal
prospecting; mine plan development; topsoil removal, storage and
replacement; selective handling of overburden materials; mine
pit backfilling and grading; protection of the hydrologic
balance; subsidence control for underground mines; surface
drainage control; mine drainage and mine discharge control and
treatment; and re-vegetation.

The U.S. mining permit application process is initiated by
collecting baseline data to adequately characterize the pre-mine
environmental condition of the permit area. This work includes
surveys of cultural resources, soils, vegetation, wildlife,
assessment of surface and ground water hydrology, climatology
and wetlands. In conducting this work, we collect geologic data
to define and model the soil and rock structures and coal that
we will mine. We develop mine and reclamation plans by utilizing
this geologic data and incorporating elements of the
environmental data. The mine and reclamation plan incorporates
the provisions of SMCRA, the state programs and the
complementary environmental programs that impact coal mining.
Also included in the permit application are documents defining
ownership and agreements pertaining to coal, minerals, oil and
gas, water rights, rights of way and surface land and documents
required of the OSM’s Applicant Violator System.

Once a permit application is prepared and submitted to the
regulatory agency, it goes through a completeness and technical
review. Public notice of the proposed permit is given for a
comment period before a permit can be issued. Some SMCRA mine
permits take over a year to prepare, depending on the size and
complexity of the mine and often take six months to two years to
be issued. Regulatory authorities have considerable discretion
in the timing of the permit issuance and the public has the
right to comment on and otherwise engage in the permitting
process, including public hearings and through intervention in
the courts.

Before a SMCRA permit is issued, a mine operator must submit a
bond or other form of financial security to guarantee the
performance of reclamation obligations. The Abandoned Mine Land
Fund, which is part of SMCRA, requires a fee on all coal
produced in the U.S. The proceeds are used to rehabilitate
lands mined and left unreclaimed prior to August 3, 1977
and to pay health care benefit costs of orphan beneficiaries of
the Combined Fund. The fee is $0.35 per ton of
surface-mined coal and $0.15 per ton of deep-mined coal,
effective through September 30, 2007. Pursuant to the Tax
Relief and Health Care Act of 2006, from October 1, 2007
through September 30, 2012, the fee will be $0.315 per
ton of surface-mined coal and $0.135 per ton of underground
mined coal. From October 1, 2012 through September 30,
2021, the fee will be $0.28 per ton of surface-mined coal
and $0.12 per ton of underground mined coal.

23

Table of Contents

SMCRA stipulates compliance with many other major environmental
programs. These programs include the Clean Air Act; Clean Water
Act; Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (“RCRA”);
and Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
Liability Acts (“CERCLA”, commonly known as
“Superfund”). Besides OSM, other Federal regulatory
agencies are involved in monitoring or permitting specific
aspects of mining operations. The U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency (“EPA”) is the lead agency for
States or Tribes with no authorized programs under the Clean
Water Act, RCRA and CERCLA. The U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers regulates activities affecting navigable waters and
the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms
(“ATF”) regulates the use of explosive blasting.

We do not believe there are any substantial matters that pose a
risk to maintaining our existing mining permits or hinder our
ability to acquire future mining permits. It is our policy to
comply in all material respects with the requirements of the
Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act and the state and
tribal laws and regulations governing mine reclamation.

 Clean Air Act

The Clean Air Act and the corresponding state laws that regulate
the emissions of materials into the air affect U.S. coal
mining operations both directly and indirectly. Direct impacts
on coal mining and processing operations may occur through Clean
Air Act permitting requirements and/or emission control
requirements relating to particulate matter. The Clean Air Act
indirectly, but more significantly, affects the coal industry by
extensively regulating the air emissions of sulfur dioxide,
nitrogen oxide, mercury and other compounds emitted by
coal-based electricity generating plants.

Title IV of the Clean Air Act places limits on sulfur
dioxide emissions from electric power generation plants. The
limits set baseline emission standards for these facilities.
Reductions in emissions occurred in Phase I in 1995 and in
Phase II in 2000 and apply to all coal-based power plants.
The affected electricity generators have been able to meet these
requirements by, among other ways, switching to lower sulfur
fuels; installing pollution control devices, such as flue gas
desulfurization systems, which are known as
“scrubbers;” reducing electricity generating levels;
or purchasing sulfur dioxide emission allowances. Emission
sources receive these sulfur dioxide emission allowances, which
can be traded or sold to allow other units to emit higher levels
of sulfur dioxide. Title IV also required that certain
categories of coal-based electric generating stations install
certain types of nitrogen oxide controls. Major changes in
Title IV were recently promulgated in the Clean Air
Interstate Rule (“CAIR”) discussed below.

In July 1997, the EPA adopted new, more stringent National
Ambient Air Quality Standards for very fine particulate matter
(PM2.5) and ozone. As a result, some states will be required to
change their existing implementation plans to attain and
maintain compliance with the new air quality standards. Our
mining operations and electricity generating customers are
likely to be directly affected when the revisions to the air
quality standards are implemented by the states. State and
federal regulations relating to implementation of the new air
quality standards may restrict our ability to develop new mines
or could require us to modify our existing operations.

In December 2003, the EPA proposed the CAIR, which is designed
to help bring the eastern half of the United States into
compliance with the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for
fine particulates and ozone. The rule became final in March 2005
and will require further reduction of sulfur dioxide and
nitrogen oxide emissions from electricity generating plants in
28 states and the District of Columbia although it is being
challenged. Once fully implemented, the rule will reduce sulfur
dioxide from power plants by approximately 73% from 2003 levels
and, by 2015, nitrogen oxide emissions by approximately 61% from
2003 levels. CAIR is currently under review in court on a number
of grounds, including the assertion that the regulation is
insufficiently stringent.

On September 21, 2006, EPA promulgated new National Ambient
Air Quality Standards revising and updating the 1997 particulate
matter standards. The new regulations made the
24-hour standard for
PM2.5 more stringent but left the annual PM2.5 standard
unchanged. It also left the

24-hour standard for
PM10 (particulate matter equal to 10 microns or more) unchanged
and terminated the annual PM10 standard. The change to the

24-hour PM2.5 standard
is expected to have an effect on the use of coal for electric

24

Table of Contents

generation, but it is impossible at this time to quantify that
effect. Lawsuits seeking to compel EPA to adopt more stringent
standards both for PM2.5 and PM10 have been filed and are
pending in court. It is not possible to determine the chances of
success for those lawsuits.

The Clean Air Act also requires electricity generators that
currently are major sources of nitrogen oxide in moderate or
higher ozone non-attainment areas (areas where the air quality
does not meet acceptable standards) to install reasonably
available control technology for nitrogen oxide, which is a
precursor of ozone. In 1997, the EPA promulgated the final
“NOx SIP Call” rules that require coal-fueled power
plants in 19 eastern states and Washington, D.C. to make
substantial reductions in nitrogen oxide emissions. These states
were required to submit their Phase II SIPs by April 2005.
Two additional states, Georgia and Missouri, were required to
submit a complete NOx SIP by April 2005 to address affected
portions of their states. In August 2005, EPA stayed the
applicability of the NOx SIP Call to Georgia, although the stay
may be reconsidered. Installation of additional control measures
required under the final rules has made and will continue to
make it more costly to operate coal-based electricity generating
plants.

The Justice Department, on behalf of the EPA, has filed a number
of lawsuits since November 1999, alleging that 12 electricity
generators violated the new source review provisions of the
Clean Air Act Amendments at power plants in the midwestern and
southern United States. Six electricity generators have
announced settlements with the Justice Department requiring the
installation of additional control equipment on selected
generating units, and at least one generator has received a
favorable court decision. If the remaining electricity
generators are found to be in violation, they could be subject
to civil penalties and be required to install the required
control equipment or cease operations. One of the currently
pending enforcement cases is now before the U.S. Supreme
Court, with a decision expected shortly. Another of these cases
was recently decided adversely to the utility, and the utility
has asked the Supreme Court to review the case. Our customers
are among the electricity generators subject to enforcement
actions and if found not to be in compliance, our customers
could be required to install additional control equipment at the
affected plants or they could decide to close some or all of
those plants. If our customers decide to install additional
pollution control equipment at the affected plants, we have the
ability to supply coal from various regions to meet any new coal
requirements.

In 2002 and again in 2003, EPA promulgated new regulations
clarifying and modifying its new source review regulations,
including with respect to electric generation sources that
utilize coal. These regulations have been litigated and
partially remanded to EPA, which has proposed new regulations
and is considering proposing others. There is also ongoing
litigation concerning aspects of the regulations. These
regulations could affect the pending new source review
enforcement cases, whether additional cases are brought, and the
extent to which other existing coal-based electric generating
units may undertake repairs, replacements and modifications
without triggering a requirement to install new pollution
control equipment. It is difficult to determine at this point
the exact configuration of the final new source review
regulations that ultimately will emerge and the impact they will
have on the utilization of coal for electric generation.

The Clean Air Act set a national goal of the prevention of any
future, and the remedying of any existing, impairment of
visibility in 156 national parks and wilderness areas across the
U.S. Under regulations issued by the EPA in 1999, states
were required to consider setting a goal of restoring natural
visibility conditions in Class I areas in their states by
2064 and to explain their reasons to the extent they determine
not to adopt this goal. The state plans must require the
application of “Best Available Retrofit Technology”
(“BART”) after 2010 on certain electric generating
stations reasonably anticipated to cause or contribute to
regional haze which impairs visibility in these areas. The
extent and nature of these BART requirements have been the
subject of litigation. As a result of the litigation, EPA
finalized amendments to the 1999 BART regulations in June 2005.
EPA included in the amendments guidelines for states to use in
determining which facilities must install controls and the types
of controls the facilities must use. States are required to
develop their implementation plans by December 2007. For
electric generating units subject to CAIR in states that adopt
the CAIR cap and trade program for sulfur dioxide and NOx, the
state is allowed to apply CAIR controls as a substitute for
those required by BART. The EPA regional haze regulations may
affect other (non-BART) sources to the extent determined
necessary to make reasonable progress towards the national
visibility improvement goal. Also, five western states

25

Table of Contents

have elected an option offered by the EPA of regulating
visibility-impairing emissions through a regional rather than a
source-by-source approach. However, this option was litigated
and the states’ rules were invalidated. On October 13,
2006, EPA promulgated new regulations that may allow these
western states and possibly others to adopt a regional approach.
The EPA’s regional haze regulations could cause our
customers to install equipment to control sulfur dioxide and
nitrogen oxide emissions. The requirement to install control
equipment could affect the amount of coal supplied to those
customers if they decide to switch to other sources of fuel to
lower emission of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide.

In 2005, the EPA adopted the Clean Air Mercury Rule
(“CAMR”) to permanently cap and reduce nationwide
mercury emissions from coal-fired power plants. When fully
implemented, and after the appeals have been resolved, the rule
will reduce mercury emissions by nearly 70%. CAMR establishes
standards of performance limiting mercury emissions from new and
existing power plants and creates a cap-and-trade program, which
will reduce emissions in two phases. When fully implemented, the
cap on mercury emissions will be 15 tons per year. Some states
have adopted rules that are more stringent than the federal
program and other states are considering such rules.
Implementation of the federal program or the more stringent
state programs could cause our customers to switch to other
fuels to the extent it would be economically preferable for them
to do so, and could impact the completion or success of our
generation development projects. CAMR is currently under review
in court on a number of grounds, including the assertion by a
number of states and environmental groups that the regulation is
insufficiently stringent.

Legislation that would reduce emissions of sulfur dioxide,
nitrogen oxide and mercury and other greenhouse gases in phases
has been introduced in Congress. No such legislation has passed
either house of Congress. If this type of legislation were
enacted into law, it could impact the amount of coal supplied to
electricity generating customers if they decide to switch to
other sources of fuel whose use would result in lower emission
of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, mercury and carbon dioxide.

A small number of states have either proposed or adopted
legislation or regulations limiting emissions of sulfur dioxide,
nitrogen oxide and mercury from electric generating stations. A
smaller number of states have also proposed to limit emissions
of carbon dioxide from electric generating stations, with
California recently having adopted legislation and regulations
requiring that all fossil-fueled generation in the state or sold
into the state meet a greenhouse gas performance standard that
coal-based generation cannot meet without capturing and
sequestering a significant amount of carbon dioxide emissions.
Limitations imposed by states on emissions of any of these four
substances from electric generating stations could result in
fuel switching by the generators if they determined it to be
economically preferable to do so.

The U.S. Supreme Court in November 2006 heard oral
arguments in a case seeking to establish that EPA has authority
to regulate carbon dioxide emissions as a “pollutant”
under the Clean Air Act. A decision is expected early this year.
It is too soon to speculate on whether a decision in that case
could cause EPA to issue carbon dioxide regulations and, if so,
the character of those regulations.

 Clean Water Act

The Clean Water Act of 1972 affects U.S. coal mining
operations by requiring effluent limitations and treatment
standards for waste water discharge through the National
Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (“NPDES”).
Regular monitoring, reporting requirements and performance
standards are requirements of NPDES permits that govern the
discharge of pollutants into water.

States are empowered to develop and enforce “in
stream” water quality standards. These standards are
subject to change and must be approved by the EPA. Discharges
must either meet state water quality standards or be authorized
through available regulatory processes such as alternate
standards or variances. “In stream” standards vary
from state to state. Additionally, through the Clean Water Act
section 401 certification program, states have approval
authority over federal permits or licenses that might result in
a discharge to their waters. States consider whether the
activity will comply with its water quality standards and other
applicable requirements in deciding whether or not to certify
the activity.

26

Table of Contents

Section 404 under the Clean Water Act requires mining
companies to obtain U.S. Army Corps of Engineers permits to
place material in streams for the purpose of creating slurry
ponds, water impoundments, refuse areas, valley fills or other
mining activities. These permits have been the subject of
multiple recent court cases, the results of which may affect
permitting costs or result in permitting delays.

Total Maximum Daily Load (“TMDL”) regulations
established a process by which states designate stream segments
as impaired (not meeting present water quality standards).
Industrial dischargers, including coal mines, may be required to
meet new TMDL effluent standards for these stream segments.
States are also adopting anti-degradation regulations in which a
state designates certain water bodies or streams as “high
quality/exceptional use.” These regulations would restrict
the diminution of water quality in these streams. Waters
discharged from coal mines to high quality/exceptional use
streams may be required to meet additional conditions or provide
additional demonstrations and/or justification. In general,
these Clean Water Act requirements could result in higher water
treatment and permitting costs or permit delays, which could
adversely affect our coal production costs or efforts.

 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act

RCRA, which was enacted in 1976, affects U.S. coal mining
operations by establishing “cradle to grave”
requirements for the treatment, storage and disposal of
hazardous wastes. Typically, the only hazardous materials found
on a mine site are those contained in products used in vehicles
and for machinery maintenance. Coal mine wastes, such as
overburden and coal cleaning wastes, are not considered
hazardous waste materials under RCRA.

Subtitle C of RCRA exempted fossil fuel combustion wastes from
hazardous waste regulation until the EPA completed a report to
Congress and made a determination on whether the wastes should
be regulated as hazardous. In a 1993 regulatory determination,
the EPA addressed some high volume-low toxicity coal combustion
materials generated at electric utility and independent power
producing facilities. In May 2000, the EPA concluded that coal
combustion materials do not warrant regulation as hazardous
under RCRA. The EPA is retaining the hazardous waste exemption
for these materials. The EPA is evaluating national
non-hazardous waste guidelines for coal combustion materials
placed at a mine. National guidelines for mine-fills may affect
the cost of ash placement at mines.

 CERCLA (Superfund)

CERCLA affects U.S. coal mining and hard rock operations by
creating liability for investigation and remediation in response
to releases of hazardous substances into the environment and for
damages to natural resources. Under Superfund, joint and several
liabilities may be imposed on waste generators, site owners or
operators and others regardless of fault. Under the EPA’s
Toxic Release Inventory process, companies are required annually
to report the use, manufacture or processing of listed toxic
materials that exceed defined thresholds, including chemicals
used in equipment maintenance, reclamation, water treatment and
ash received for mine placement from power generation customers.

 The Energy Policy Act of 2005

The Domenici-Barton Energy Policy Act of 2005
(“EPACT”) was signed by President Bush in August 2005.
EPACT contains tax incentives and directed spending totaling an
estimated $14.1 billion intended to stimulate supply-side
energy growth and increased efficiency. In addition to rules
affecting the leasing process of federal coal properties, EPACT
programs and incentives include funding to demonstrate advanced
coal technologies, including coal gasification; grants and a
loan guarantee program to encourage deployment of advanced clean
coal-based power generation technologies, including integrated
gasification combined cycle (“IGCC”); a federal loan
guarantee program for the cost of advanced fossil energy
projects, including coal gasification; funding for energy
research, development, demonstration and commercial application
programs relating to coal and power systems; and tax incentives
for IGCC, industrial gasification and other advanced coal-based
generation projects, as well as for coal sold from Indian lands.
Finally, certain sections of EPACT are potentially applicable to
the area of Btu Conversion,

27

Table of Contents

such as the aforementioned fossil energy project loan guarantee
program as well as a provision allowing taxpayers to capitalize
50% of the cost of refinery investments which increase the total
throughput of qualified fuels — including synthetic
fuels produced from coal — by at least 25%. In
addition, EPACT requires the Secretary of Defense to develop a
strategy to use fuel produced from coal, oil shale and tar sands
(“covered fuel”) to assist in meeting the fuel
requirements of the U.S. Department of Defense
(“DOD”). The law authorizes the DOD to enter into
multi-year contracts to procure a covered fuel to meet one or
more of its fuel requirements and to carry out an assessment of
potential locations for covered fuel sources.

Regulatory Matters — Australia

The Australian mining industry is regulated by Australian
federal, state and local governments with respect to
environmental issues such as land reclamation, water quality,
air quality, dust control, noise, planning issues (such as
approvals to expand existing mines or to develop new mines), and
health and safety issues. The Australian federal government
retains control over the level of foreign investment and export
approvals. Industrial relations are regulated under both federal
and state laws. Australian state governments also require coal
companies to post deposits or give other security against land
which is being used for mining, with those deposits being
returned or security released after satisfactory reclamation is
completed.

Mining and exploration in Australia is generally carried on
under leases or licenses granted by state governments. Mining
leases are typically for an initial term of up to 21 years
(but which may be renewed) and contain conditions relating to
such matters as minimum annual expenditures, restoration and
rehabilitation. Surface rights are typically acquired directly
from landowners and, in the absence of agreement, there is an
arbitration provision in the mining law.

 COAL21 Fund

Our subsidiary, Peabody Pacific, has committed to pay up to a
maximum of A$0.20/tonne (approximately US$0.15/tonne) of coal
sales for a period of five years to the Australian COAL21 Fund.
The COAL21 Fund is a voluntary coal industry fund to support
clean coal technology demonstration projects and research in
Australia. All major coal companies in Australia have committed
to this fund. The commitment to pay starts on April 1, 2007
with a levy of A$0.10/tonne of coal sales. This levy is expected
to rise to A$0.20/tonne on July 1, 2007.

 Native Title and Cultural Heritage

Since 1992, the Australian courts have recognized that native
title to lands, as recognized under the laws and customs of the
Aboriginal inhabitants of Australia, may have survived the
process of European settlement. These developments are supported
by the Federal Native Title Act (“NTA”) which
recognizes and protects native title, and under which a national
register of native title claims has been established.

Native title rights do not extend to minerals; however, native
title rights can be affected by the mining process unless those
rights have previously been extinguished. Native title rights
can be extinguished either by a valid act of Government (as set
out in the NTA) or by the loss of connection between the land
and the group of Aboriginal peoples concerned.

The NTA provides that where native title rights still exist and
the mining project will affect those native title rights, it
will be necessary to consult with the relevant Aboriginal group
and to come to an agreement on issues such as the preservation
of sacred or important sites, the employment of members of the
group by the mine operator, and the payment of compensation for
the effect on native title of the mining project. In the absence
of agreement with the relevant Aboriginal group, there is an
arbitration provision in the NTA.

28

Table of Contents

There is also federal and state legislation to prevent damage to
Aboriginal cultural heritage and archeological sites. The NTA
and laws protecting Aboriginal cultural heritage and
archeological sites have had no impact on our current operations.

 Environmental

The federal system requires that approval is obtained for any
activity which will have a significant impact on a matter of
national environmental significance. Matters of national
environmental significance include listed endangered species,
nuclear actions, World Heritage areas, National Heritage areas,
and migratory species. An application for such an approval may
require public consultation and may be approved, refused or
granted subject to conditions. Otherwise, responsibility for
environmental regulation in Australia is primarily vested in the
states.

Each state and territory in Australia has its own environmental
and planning regime for the development of mines. In addition,
each state and territory also has a specific act dealing with
mining in particular, regulating the granting of mining licenses
and leases. The mining legislation in each state and territory
operates concurrently with environmental and planning
legislation. The mining legislation governs mining licenses and
leases, including the restoration of land following the
completion of mining activities. Apart from the grant of rights
to mine (which are covered by the mining statutes), all
licensing, permitting, consent and approval requirements are
contained in the various state and territory environmental and
planning statutes.

The particular provisions of the various state and territory
environmental and planning statutes vary depending upon the
jurisdiction. Despite variation in details, each state and
territory has a system involving at least two major phases.
First, obtaining the developmental application and, if that is
granted, obtaining the detailed operational pollution control
licenses, which authorize emissions up to a maximum level; and
second, obtaining pollution control approvals, which authorize
the installation of pollution control equipment and devices. In
the first regulatory phase, an application to a regulatory
authority is filed. The relevant authority will either grant a
conditional consent, an unconditional consent, or deny the
application based on the details of the application and on any
submissions or objections lodged by members of the public. If
the developmental application is granted, the detailed pollution
control license may then be issued and such license may regulate
emissions to the atmosphere; emissions in waters; noise impacts,
including impacts from blasting; dust impacts; the generation,
handling, storage and transportation of waste; and requirements
for the rehabilitation and restoration of land.

Each state and territory in Australia also has either a specific
statute or certain sections in other environmental and planning
statutes relating to the contamination of land and vesting
powers in the various regulatory authorities in respect of the
remediation of contaminated land. Those statutes are based on
varying policies — the primary difference between the
statutes is that in certain states and territories, liability
for remediation is placed upon the occupier of the land,
regardless of the culpability of that occupier for the
contamination. In other states and territories, primary
liability for remediation is placed on the original polluter,
whether or not the polluter still occupies the land. If the
original polluter cannot itself carry out the remediation, then
a number of the statutes contain provisions which enable
recovery of the costs of remediation from the polluter as a debt.

Many of the environmental planning statutes across the states
and territories contain “third-party” appeal rights in
relation, particularly, to the first regulatory phase. This
means that any party has a right to take proceedings for a
threatened or actual breach of the statute, without first having
to establish that any particular interest of that person (other
than as a member of the public) stands to be affected by the
threatened or actual breach.

Accordingly, in most states and territories throughout
Australia, mining activities involve a number of regulatory
phases. Following exploratory investigations pursuant to a
mining lease, the activity proposed to be carried out must be
the subject of an application for the activity or development.
This phase of the regulatory process, as noted above, usually
involves the preparation of extensive documents to constitute
the application, addressing all of the environmental impacts of
the proposed activity. It also generally

29

Table of Contents

involves extensive notification and consultation with other
relevant statutory authorities and members of the public. Once a
decision is made to allow a mine to be developed by the grant of
a development consent, permit or other approval, then a formal
mining lease can be obtained under the mining statute. In
addition, operational licenses and approvals can then be applied
for and obtained in relation to pollution control devices and
emissions to the atmosphere, to waters and for noise. The
obtaining of licenses and approvals, during the operational
phase, generally does not involve any extensive notification or
consultation with members of the public, as most of these issues
are anticipated to be resolved in the first regulatory phase.

 Occupational Health And Safety

The combined effect of various state and federal statutes
requires an employer to ensure that persons employed in a mine
are safe from injury by providing a safe working environment and
systems of work; safety machinery; equipment, plant and
substances; and appropriate information, instruction, training
and supervision.

In recognition of the specialized nature of mining and mining
activities, specific occupational health and safety obligations
have been mandated under state legislation that deals
specifically with the coal mining industry. Mining employers,
owners, directors and managers, persons in control of work
places, mine managers, supervisors and employees are all subject
to these duties.

It is mandatory for an employer to have insurance coverage with
respect to the compensation of injured workers; similar coverage
is in effect throughout Australia which is of a no fault nature
and which provide for benefits up to a prescribed level. The
specific benefits vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, but
generally include the payment of weekly compensation to an
incapacitated employee, together with payment of medical,
hospital and related expenses. The injured employee has a right
to sue his or her employer for further damages if a case of
negligence can be established.

Global Climate Change

Legislation was introduced in Congress in 2006 to reduce
greenhouse gas emissions in the United States. Such or similar
federal legislative action could be taken in 2007 or later
years. In addition, a number of states in the United States have
taken steps to regulate greenhouse gas emissions. For example,
seven northeastern states (New York, Vermont, New Hampshire,
Maine, Connecticut, Delaware and New Jersey) entered into the
Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI) agreement in
December 2005 to reduce carbon dioxide emissions from power
plants, and in August 2006 finalized a model rule to help
implement the agreement; Maryland has approved legislation that
may result in inclusion in the RGGI in 2007; in August 2006, the
California legislature approved legislation allowing the
imposition of statewide caps on, and cuts in, carbon dioxide
emissions; and Arizona’s governor signed an executive order
in September 2006 that calls for the state to reduce carbon
dioxide emissions. Greenhouse gas intensity measures the ratio
of greenhouse gas emissions, such as carbon dioxide, to economic
output. Passage of regulations regarding greenhouse gas
emissions by the United States or other actions to limit carbon
dioxide emissions could result in fuel switching, from coal to
other fuel sources, by electric generators.

In December 1997, in Kyoto, Japan, the signatories to the 1992
Framework Convention on Climate Change, which addresses
emissions of greenhouse gases, established a binding set of
emission targets for developed nations. The Australian Federal
Government has not signed the Kyoto Protocol but has indicated
interest in meeting the emissions reduction requirements of the
protocol. No legislation currently exists that restricts or
requires reduction in greenhouse emissions within Australia. The
Australian Federal Government has created significant incentives
for companies that are large energy users. The New South Wales
State Government requires certain businesses to prepare an
Energy Reduction Plan and is considering introducing mandatory
emissions reporting for all coal mines. None of these programs
mandate any greenhouse gas emission or energy usage reduction,
but seek disclosure of current emissions and voluntary reduction.

30

Table of Contents

Additional Information

We file annual, quarterly and current reports, and our
amendments to those reports, proxy statements and other
information with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”). You may access and read our SEC filings free
of charge through our website, at www.peabodyenergy.com, or the
SEC’s website, at www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy
any document we file at the SEC’s public reference room
located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549. Please call the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330 for
further information on the public reference room.

You may also request copies of our filings, free of charge, by
telephone at
(314) 342-3400 or
by mail at: Peabody Energy Corporation, 701 Market Street,
Suite 900, St. Louis, Missouri 63101, attention:
Investor Relations.

Item 1A.     Risk Factors.

 If a substantial portion of our long-term coal supply
 agreements terminate, our revenues and operating profits could
 suffer if we were unable to find alternate buyers willing to
 purchase our coal on comparable terms to those in our
 contracts.

Most of our sales are made under coal supply agreements, which
are important to the stability and profitability of our
operations. The execution of a satisfactory coal supply
agreement is frequently the basis on which we undertake the
development of coal reserves required to be supplied under the
contract. For the year ended December 31, 2006, 90% of our
sales volume was sold under long-term coal supply agreements. At
December 31, 2006, our coal supply agreements had remaining
terms ranging from one to 19 years and an average
volume-weighted remaining term of approximately 5 years.

Many of our coal supply agreements contain provisions that
permit the parties to adjust the contract price upward or
downward at specified times. We may adjust these contract prices
based on inflation or deflation and/or changes in the factors
affecting the cost of producing coal, such as taxes, fees,
royalties and changes in the laws regulating the mining,
production, sale or use of coal. In a limited number of
contracts, failure of the parties to agree on a price under
those provisions may allow either party to terminate the
contract. We sometimes experience a reduction in coal prices in
new long-term coal supply agreements replacing some of our
expiring contracts. Coal supply agreements also typically
contain force majeure provisions allowing temporary suspension
of performance by us or the customer during the duration of
specified events beyond the control of the affected party. Most
coal supply agreements contain provisions requiring us to
deliver coal meeting quality thresholds for certain
characteristics such as Btu, sulfur content, ash content,
grindability and ash fusion temperature. Failure to meet these
specifications could result in economic penalties, including
price adjustments, the rejection of deliveries or termination of
the contracts. Moreover, some of these agreements permit the
customer to terminate the contract if transportation costs,
which our customers typically bear, increase substantially. In
addition, some of these contracts allow our customers to
terminate their contracts in the event of changes in regulations
affecting our industry that increase the price of coal beyond
specified limits.

The operating profits we realize from coal sold under supply
agreements depend on a variety of factors. In addition, price
adjustment and other provisions may increase our exposure to
short-term coal price volatility provided by those contracts. If
a substantial portion of our coal supply agreements were
modified or terminated, we could be materially adversely
affected to the extent that we are unable to find alternate
buyers for our coal at the same level of profitability. Market
prices for coal vary by mining region and country. As a result,
we cannot predict the future strength of the coal market overall
or by mining region and cannot assure you that we will be able
to replace existing long-term coal supply agreements at the same
prices or with similar profit margins when they expire. In
addition, one of our largest coal supply agreements is the
subject of ongoing litigation and arbitration.

31

Table of Contents

 The loss of, or significant reduction in, purchases by our
 largest customers could adversely affect our revenues.

For the year ended December 31, 2006, we derived 22% of our
total coal revenues from sales to our five largest customers. At
December 31, 2006, we had 123 coal supply agreements with
these customers expiring at various times from 2007 to 2016. We
are currently discussing the extension of existing agreements or
entering into new long-term agreements with some of these
customers, but these negotiations may not be successful and
those customers may not continue to purchase coal from us under
long-term coal supply agreements. If a number of these customers
significantly reduce their purchases of coal from us, or if we
are unable to sell coal to them on terms as favorable to us as
the terms under our current agreements, our financial condition
and results of operations could suffer materially.

 If transportation for our coal becomes unavailable or
 uneconomic for our customers, our ability to sell coal could
 suffer.

Transportation costs represent a significant portion of the
total cost of coal and the cost of transportation is a critical
factor in a customer’s purchasing decision. Increases in
transportation costs and the lack of sufficient rail and port
capacity could lead to reduced coal sales. As of
December 31, 2006, certain coal supply agreements, which
account for less than 5% of our tons sold, permit the customer
to terminate the contract if the cost of transportation
increases by an amount over specified levels in any given
12-month period.

Coal producers depend upon rail, barge, trucking, overland
conveyor and ocean-going vessels to deliver coal to markets.
While our coal customers typically arrange and pay for
transportation of coal from the mine or port to the point of
use, disruption of these transportation services because of
weather-related problems, infrastructure damage, strikes,
lock-outs, lack of fuel or maintenance items, transportation
delays or other events could temporarily impair our ability to
supply coal to our customers and thus could adversely affect our
results of operations. For example, two primary railroads serve
the Powder River Basin mines. Due to the high volume of coal
shipped from all Powder River Basin mines, the loss of access to
rail capacity could create temporary congestion on the rail
systems servicing that region. We are also susceptible to port
congestion and demurrage fees. In Australia, we export our
Queensland production from Dalrymple Bay Coal Terminal and the
Ports of Gladstone and Brisbane. We export our New South Wales
production from the Ports of Newcastle and Kembla.

 Risks inherent to mining could increase the cost of
 operating our business.

Our mining operations are subject to conditions that can impact
the safety of our workforce, or delay coal deliveries or
increase the cost of mining at particular mines for varying
lengths of time. These conditions include fires and explosions
from methane gas or coal dust; accidental minewater discharges;
weather, flooding and natural disasters; unexpected maintenance
problems; key equipment failures; variations in coal seam
thickness; variations in the amount of rock and soil overlying
the coal deposit; variations in rock and other natural materials
and variations in geologic conditions. We maintain insurance
policies that provide limited coverage for some of these risks,
although there can be no assurance that these risks would be
fully covered by our insurance policies. Despite our efforts,
significant mine accidents could occur and have a substantial
impact.

 Our mining operations are extensively regulated, which
 imposes significant costs on us, and future regulations and
 developments could increase those costs or limit our ability to
 produce coal.

Federal, state and local authorities regulate the coal mining
industry with respect to matters such as employee health and
safety, permitting and licensing requirements, air quality
standards, water pollution, plant and wildlife protection,
reclamation and restoration of mining properties after mining is
completed, the discharge of materials into the environment,
surface subsidence from underground mining and the effects that
mining has on groundwater quality and availability. In addition,
significant legislation mandating specified benefits for retired
coal miners affects our industry. Numerous governmental permits

32

Table of Contents

and approvals are required for mining operations. We are
required to prepare and present to federal, state or local
authorities data pertaining to the effect or impact that any
proposed exploration for or production of coal may have upon the
environment. The costs, liabilities and requirements associated
with these regulations may be costly and time-consuming and may
delay commencement or continuation of exploration or production.
The possibility exists that new legislation and/or regulations
and orders related to the environment or employee health and
safety may be adopted and may materially adversely affect our
mining operations, our cost structure and/or our customers’
ability to use coal. New legislation or administrative
regulations (or judicial interpretations of existing laws and
regulations), including proposals related to the protection of
the environment that would further regulate and tax the coal
industry, may also require us or our customers to change
operations significantly or incur increased costs. The majority
of our coal supply agreements contain provisions that allow a
purchaser to terminate its contract if legislation is passed
that either restricts the use or type of coal permissible at the
purchaser’s plant or results in specified increases in the
cost of coal or its use. These factors and legislation, if
enacted, could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations.

According to the Department of Energy’s Energy Information
Administration, “Emissions of Greenhouse Gases in the
United States 2003,” coal accounts for 31% of greenhouse
gas emissions in the United States, and efforts to control
greenhouse gas emissions could result in reduced use of coal if
electricity generators switch to lower carbon sources of fuel.
Legislation was introduced in Congress in 2006 to reduce
greenhouse gas emissions in the United States. Such or similar
federal legislative action could be taken in 2007 or later years
(see additional discussion in Item 1 under the heading
“Global Climate Change”). Further developments in
connection with legislation, regulations or other limits on
greenhouse emissions, both in the United States and in other
countries where we sell coal, could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

A number of laws, including in the U.S. the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
(“CERCLA” or “Superfund”), impose liability
relating to contamination by hazardous substances. Such
liability may involve the costs of investigating or remediating
contamination and damages to natural resources, as well as
claims seeking to recover for property damage or personal injury
caused by hazardous substances. Such liability may arise from
conditions at formerly as well as currently owned or operated