.

 The following risk factors relate specifically to the risks
 associated with our continuing operations.

 Risks
 Associated with Our Operations

 A
 decline in coal prices could negatively affect our
 profitability.

 Our profitability depends upon the prices we receive for our
 coal. Coal prices are dependent upon factors beyond our control,
 including:

 • 

 the demand for electricity and the strength of the global
 economy;

 • 

 the demand for steel, which may lead to price fluctuations in
 the quarterly and annual repricing of our metallurgical coal
 contracts;

 • 

 the supply of U.S. domestic and international thermal and
 metallurgical coal;

 • 

 adverse weather and natural disasters;

 • 

 competition within our industry and the availability and price
 of alternative fuels and energy sources;

 • 

 the proximity, capacity and cost of transportation;

 • 

 coal industry capacity;

 • 

 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes,
 including those establishing air emission standards for
 coal-fueled power plants;

 • 

 regulatory, administrative and judicial decisions, including
 those affecting future mining permits; and

 • 

 technological developments, including those intended to convert
 coal-to-liquids or gas and those aimed at capturing and storing
 carbon dioxide.

 In the U.S., our strategy is to selectively renew, or enter into
 new, long-term supply agreements when we can do so at prices we
 believe are favorable. In Australia, the current practice for
 metallurgical coal is quarterly contract pricing and for
 seaborne thermal coal is annual contract pricing. If we
 experience a weak coal pricing environment resulting in a
 deterioration of coal prices, we could experience an adverse
 effect on our revenues and profitability.

 If a
 substantial number of our long-term coal supply agreements
 terminate, our revenues and operating profits could suffer if we
 are unable to find alternate buyers willing to purchase our coal
 on comparable terms to those in our contracts.

 Most of our sales are made under coal supply agreements, which
 are important to the stability and profitability of our
 operations. The execution of a satisfactory coal supply
 agreement is frequently the basis on which we undertake the
 development of coal reserves required to be supplied under the
 contract, particularly in the U.S. In 2010, 91% of our
 worldwide sales volume was sold under long-term coal supply
 agreements. At January 31, 2011, our sales backlog,
 including backlog subject to price reopener
 and/or
 extension provisions, was over 1 billion tons, representing
 over four years of current production in backlog based on our
 2010 production of 218.4 million tons. Contracts in backlog
 have remaining terms ranging from one to 16 years.

 16

Table of Contents

 Many of our coal supply agreements contain provisions that
 permit the parties to adjust the contract price upward or
 downward at specified times. We may adjust these contract prices
 based on inflation or deflation
 and/or
 changes in the factors affecting the cost of producing coal,
 such as taxes, fees, royalties and changes in the laws
 regulating the mining, production, sale or use of coal. In a
 limited number of contracts, failure of the parties to agree on
 a price under those provisions may allow either party to
 terminate the contract. We sometimes experience a reduction in
 coal prices in new long-term coal supply agreements replacing
 some of our expiring contracts. Coal supply agreements also
 typically contain force majeure provisions allowing temporary
 suspension of performance by us or the customer during the
 duration of specified events beyond the control of the affected
 party. Most coal supply agreements contain provisions requiring
 us to deliver coal meeting quality thresholds for certain
 characteristics such as Btu, sulfur content, ash content,
 grindability and ash fusion temperature. Failure to meet these
 specifications could result in economic penalties, including
 price adjustments, the rejection of deliveries or termination of
 the contracts. Moreover, some of these agreements permit the
 customer to terminate the contract if transportation costs,
 which our customers typically bear, increase substantially. In
 addition, some of these contracts allow our customers to
 terminate their contracts in the event of changes in regulations
 affecting our industry that restricts the use or type of coal
 permissible at the customer’s plant or increase the price
 of coal beyond specified limits.

 The operating profits we realize from coal sold under supply
 agreements depend on a variety of factors. In addition, price
 adjustment and other provisions may increase our exposure to
 short-term coal price volatility provided by those contracts. If
 a substantial portion of our coal supply agreements were
 modified or terminated, we could be materially adversely
 affected to the extent that we are unable to find alternate
 buyers for our coal at the same level of profitability. Market
 prices for coal vary by mining region and country. As a result,
 we cannot predict the future strength of the coal market overall
 or by mining region and cannot provide assurance that we will be
 able to replace existing long-term coal supply agreements at the
 same prices or with similar profit margins when they expire.

 The
 loss of, or significant reduction in, purchases by our largest
 customers could adversely affect our revenues.

 For the year ended December 31, 2010 we derived 25% of our
 total coal sales revenues from our five largest customers. Those
 five customers were supplied primarily from 37 coal supply
 agreements (excluding trading transactions) expiring at various
 times from 2011 to 2016. The contract contributing the greatest
 amount of annual revenue in 2010 was approximately
 $279 million, or approximately 4% of our 2010 total revenue
 base. We are currently discussing the extension of existing
 agreements or entering into new long-term agreements with some
 of these customers, but these negotiations may not be successful
 and those customers may not continue to purchase coal from us
 under long-term coal supply agreements. If a number of these
 customers significantly reduce their purchases of coal from us,
 or if we are unable to sell coal to them on terms as favorable
 to us as the terms under our current agreements, our financial
 condition and results of operations could suffer materially. In
 addition, our revenue could be adversely affected by a decline
 in customer purchases due to lack of demand, cost of competing
 fuels and environmental regulations.

 Our
 operating results could be adversely affected by unfavorable
 economic and financial market conditions.

 In recent years, the global economic recession and the worldwide
 financial and credit market disruptions had a negative impact on
 us and on the coal industry generally. If any of these
 conditions return or if there are downturns in economic
 conditions in our key growth markets, particularly China and
 India, our business, financial condition or results of
 operations could be adversely affected. While we are focused on
 cost control, productivity improvements, increased contributions
 from our high-margin operations and capital discipline, there
 can be no assurance that these actions, or any others we may
 take, will be sufficient in response to downturns in economic
 and financial conditions.

 17

Table of Contents

 Our
 ability to collect payments from our customers could be impaired
 if their creditworthiness deteriorates.

 Our ability to receive payment for coal sold and delivered or
 for financially settled contracts depends on the continued
 creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties. Our
 customer base has changed with deregulation in the U.S. as
 utilities have sold their power plants to their non-regulated
 affiliates or third parties, and with our continued expansion in
 the Asia-Pacific region. These new customers may have credit
 ratings that are below investment grade or not rated. If
 deterioration of the creditworthiness of our customers occurs,
 our accounts receivable securitization program and our business
 could be adversely affected.

 Risks
 inherent to mining could increase the cost of operating our
 business.

 Our mining operations are subject to conditions that can impact
 the safety of our workforce, or delay coal deliveries or
 increase the cost of mining at particular mines for varying
 lengths of time. These conditions include fires and explosions
 from methane gas or coal dust; accidental minewater discharges;
 weather, flooding and natural disasters; unexpected maintenance
 problems; key equipment failures; variations in coal seam
 thickness; variations in the amount of rock and soil overlying
 the coal deposit; variations in rock and other natural materials
 and variations in geologic conditions. We maintain insurance
 policies that provide limited coverage for some of these risks,
 although there can be no assurance that these risks would be
 fully covered by our insurance policies. Despite our efforts,
 significant mine accidents could occur and have a substantial
 impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash
 flows.

 If
 transportation for our coal becomes unavailable or uneconomic
 for our customers, our ability to sell coal could
 suffer.

 Transportation costs represent a significant portion of the
 total cost of coal and the cost of transportation is a critical
 factor in a customer’s purchasing decision. Increases in
 transportation costs and the lack of sufficient rail and port
 capacity could lead to reduced coal sales. As of
 December 31, 2010, certain coal supply agreements permit
 the customer to terminate the contract if the cost of
 transportation increases by an amount over specified levels in
 any given
 12-month
 period.

 We depend upon rail, barge, trucking, overland conveyor and
 ocean-going vessels to deliver coal to markets. While our coal
 customers typically arrange and pay for transportation of coal
 from the mine or port to the point of use, disruption of these
 transportation services because of weather-related problems,
 infrastructure damage, strikes, lock-outs, lack of fuel or
 maintenance items, underperformance of the port and rail
 infrastructure, congestion and balancing systems which are
 imposed to manage vessel queuing and demurrage, non-performance
 or delays by co-shippers, transportation delays or other events
 could temporarily impair our ability to supply coal to our
 customers and thus could adversely affect our results of
 operations.

 A
 decrease in the availability or increase in costs of key
 supplies, capital equipment or commodities such as diesel fuel,
 steel, explosives and tires could decrease our anticipated
 profitability.

 Our mining operations require a reliable supply of mining
 equipment, replacement parts, fuel, explosives, tires,
 steel-related products (including roof control materials),
 lubricants and electricity. There has been some consolidation in
 the supplier base providing mining materials to the coal
 industry, such as with suppliers of explosives and both surface
 and underground equipment, that has limited the number of
 sources for these materials. In situations where we have chosen
 to concentrate a large portion of purchases with one supplier,
 it has been to take advantage of cost savings from larger
 volumes of purchases and to ensure security of supply. If the
 cost of any of these inputs increased significantly, or if a
 source for these supplies or mining equipment were unavailable
 to meet our replacement demands, our profitability could be
 reduced or we could experience a delay or halt in our production.

 18

Table of Contents

 An
 inability of trading, brokerage, mining or freight sources to
 fulfill the delivery terms of their contracts with us could
 reduce our profitability.

 In conducting our trading, brokerage and mining operations, we
 utilize third-party sources of coal production and
 transportation, including contract miners and brokerage sources,
 to fulfill deliveries under our coal supply agreements. In
 Australia, the majority of our volume comes from mines that
 utilize contract miners. Employee relations at mines that use
 contract miners are the responsibility of the contractor.

 Our profitability or exposure to loss on transactions or
 relationships is dependent upon the reliability (including
 financial viability) and price of the third-party suppliers, our
 obligation to supply coal to customers in the event that adverse
 geologic mining conditions restrict deliveries from our
 suppliers, our willingness to participate in temporary cost
 increases experienced by our third-party coal suppliers, our
 ability to pass on temporary cost increases to our customers,
 the ability to substitute, when economical, third-party coal
 sources with internal production or coal purchased in the market
 and the ability of our freight sources to fulfill their delivery
 obligations. Market volatility and price increases for coal or
 freight on the international and domestic markets could result
 in non-performance by third-party suppliers under existing
 contracts with us, in order to take advantage of the higher
 prices in the current market. Such non-performance could have an
 adverse impact on our ability to fulfill deliveries under our
 coal supply agreements.

 Our
 hedging activities may expose us to earnings volatility and
 other risks.

 We enter into hedging arrangements designed primarily to manage
 market price volatility of foreign currency (primarily the
 Australian dollar), diesel fuel and explosives. Also, from time
 to time, we manage the interest rate risk associated with our
 variable and fixed rate borrowings using interest rate swaps.
 Generally, we attempt to designate hedging arrangements as cash
 flow hedges with gains or losses recorded as a separate
 component of stockholders’ equity until the hedged
 transaction occurs (or until hedge ineffectiveness is
 determined). While we utilize a variety of risk monitoring and
 mitigation strategies, those strategies require judgment and
 they cannot anticipate every potential outcome or the timing of
 such outcomes. As such, there is potential for these hedges to
 no longer qualify for hedge accounting. If that were to happen,
 we will be required to recognize the mark to market movements
 through current year earnings, possibly resulting in increased
 volatility in our income in future periods. In addition, to the
 extent that we engage in hedging activities, we may be prevented
 from realizing the benefits of future price decreases of foreign
 currency, diesel fuel and explosives.

 We also enter into derivative trading instruments, some of which
 require us to post margin based on the value of those
 instruments and other credit factors. If our credit is
 downgraded, the fair value of our hedge positions move
 significantly, or laws or regulations are passed requiring all
 hedge arrangements to be exchange-traded or exchange-cleared, we
 could be required to post additional margin, which could impact
 our liquidity.

 Our
 ability to operate our company effectively could be impaired if
 we lose key personnel or fail to attract qualified
 personnel.

 We manage our business with a number of key personnel, the loss
 of whom could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition,
 as our business develops and expands, we believe that our future
 success will depend greatly on our continued ability to attract
 and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel, particularly
 personnel with mining experience. We cannot provide assurance
 that key personnel will continue to be employed by us or that we
 will be able to attract and retain qualified personnel in the
 future. Failure to retain or attract key personnel could have a
 material adverse effect on us.

 We
 could be negatively affected if we fail to maintain satisfactory
 labor relations.

 As of December 31, 2010, we had approximately
 7,200 employees, which included approximately
 5,100 hourly employees. Approximately 28% of our hourly
 employees were represented by organized labor unions and
 generated 9% of 2010 coal production. Additionally, those
 employed through contract mining relationships in Australia are
 also members of trade unions. Relations with our employees and,
 where

 19

Table of Contents

 applicable, organized labor are important to our success. If
 some or all of our current non-union operations were to become
 unionized, we could incur an increased risk of work stoppages,
 reduced productivity and higher labor costs. Also, if we fail to
 maintain good relations with our union workforce, we could
 experience labor disputes, work stoppages or other disruptions
 in production that could negatively impact our profitability.

 Our
 mining operations could be adversely affected if we fail to
 appropriately secure our obligations.

 U.S. federal and state laws and Australian laws require us
 to secure certain of our obligations to reclaim lands used for
 mining, to pay federal and state workers’ compensation, to
 secure coal lease obligations and to satisfy other miscellaneous
 obligations. The primary methods we use to meet those
 obligations are to post a corporate guarantee (i.e., self bond),
 provide a third-party surety bond or provide a letter of credit.
 As of December 31, 2010, we had $920.3 million of self
 bonding in place for our reclamation obligations. As of
 December 31, 2010, we also had outstanding surety bonds
 with third parties, bank guarantees and letters of credit of
 $1,117.1 million, of which $704.5 million was for
 post-mining reclamation, $76.1 million related to
 workers’ compensation obligations, $110.3 million was
 for coal lease obligations and $226.2 million was for other
 obligations, including collateral for surety companies and bank
 guarantees, road maintenance and performance guarantees. Surety
 bonds are typically renewable on a yearly basis. Surety bond
 issuers and holders may not continue to renew the bonds or may
 demand additional collateral upon those renewals. Letters of
 credit are subject to us maintaining compliance under our two
 primary facilities used for such items, which is our unsecured
 credit facility (Credit Facility) and accounts receivable
 securitization program. Our failure to retain, or inability to
 acquire, surety bonds or letters of credit or to provide a
 suitable alternative would have a material adverse effect on us.
 That failure could result from a variety of factors including
 the following:

 • 

 lack of availability, higher expense or unfavorable market terms
 of new surety bonds;

 • 

 restrictions on the availability of collateral for current and
 future third-party surety bond issuers under the terms of our
 indentures or Credit Facility;

 • 

 the exercise by third-party surety bond issuers of their right
 to refuse to renew the surety; and

 • 

 the inability to renew our Credit Facility.

 Our ability to self bond reduces our costs of providing
 financial assurances. To the extent we are unable to maintain
 our current level of self bonding due to legislative or
 regulatory changes or changes in our financial condition, our
 costs would increase.

 Our
 mining operations are extensively regulated, which imposes
 significant costs on us, and future regulations and developments
 could increase those costs or limit our ability to produce
 coal.

 Federal, state and local authorities regulate the coal mining
 industry with respect to matters such as employee health and
 safety, permitting and licensing requirements, air quality
 standards, water pollution, plant and wildlife protection,
 reclamation and restoration of mining properties after mining is
 completed, the discharge of materials into the environment,
 surface subsidence from underground mining and the effects that
 mining has on groundwater quality and availability. Numerous
 governmental permits and approvals are required for mining
 operations. We are required to prepare and present to federal,
 state and local authorities data pertaining to the effect that
 any proposed exploration for or production of coal may have upon
 the environment. The public, including non-governmental
 organizations, opposition groups and individuals, have statutory
 rights to comment upon and submit objections to requested
 permits and approvals. The costs, liabilities and requirements
 associated with these regulations may be costly and
 time-consuming and may delay commencement or continuation of
 exploration or production.

 The possibility exists that new legislation
 and/or
 regulations and orders related to the environment or employee
 health and safety may be adopted and may materially adversely
 affect our mining operations, our cost structure

and/or our
 customers’ ability to use coal. New legislation or
 administrative regulations (or new interpretations by the
 relevant government authorities of existing laws and
 regulations), including proposals related to the protection of
 the environment or the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions
 that would further regulate and tax the coal industry, may also
 require us or our customers to change operations significantly
 or

 20

Table of Contents

 incur increased costs. Some of our coal supply agreements
 contain provisions that allow a purchaser to terminate its
 contract if legislation is passed that either restricts the use
 or type of coal permissible at the purchaser’s plant or
 results in specified increases in the cost of coal or its use.
 These factors and legislation, if enacted, could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
 operations.

 A number of laws, including in the U.S. the CERCLA, impose
 liability relating to contamination by hazardous substances.
 Such liability may involve the costs of investigating or
 remediating contamination and damages to natural resources, as
 well as claims seeking to recover for property damage or
 personal injury caused by hazardous substances. Such liability
 may arise from conditions at formerly, as well as currently,
 owned or operated properties, and at properties to which
 hazardous substances have been sent for treatment, disposal, or
 other handling. Liability under CERCLA and similar state
 statutes is without regard to fault, and typically is joint and
 several, meaning that a person may be held responsible for more
 than its share, or even all of, the liability involved. Our
 mining operations involve some use of hazardous materials. In
 addition, we have accrued for liability arising out of
 contamination associated with Gold Fields Mining, LLC (Gold
 Fields), a dormant, non-coal-producing subsidiary of ours that
 was previously managed and owned by Hanson PLC, or with Gold
 Fields’ former affiliates. Hanson PLC, which is a
 predecessor owner of ours, transferred ownership of Gold Fields
 to us in the February 1997 spin-off of its energy business. Gold
 Fields is currently a defendant in several lawsuits and has
 received notices of several other potential claims arising out
 of lead contamination from mining and milling operations it
 conducted in northeastern Oklahoma. Gold Fields is also involved
 in investigating or remediating a number of other contaminated
 sites. See Note 20 to our consolidated financial statements
 for a description of pending legal proceedings involving Gold
 Fields.

 If the
 assumptions underlying our asset retirement obligations for
 reclamation and mine closures are materially inaccurate, our
 costs could be significantly greater than
 anticipated.

 Our asset retirement obligations primarily consist of spending
 estimates for surface land reclamation and support facilities at
 both surface and underground mines in accordance with federal
 and state reclamation laws in the U.S. and Australia as
 defined by each mining permit. These obligations are determined
 for each mine using various estimates and assumptions including,
 among other items, estimates of disturbed acreage as determined
 from engineering data, estimates of future costs to reclaim the
 disturbed acreage and the timing of these cash flows, discounted
 using a credit-adjusted, risk-free rate. Our management and
 engineers periodically review these estimates. If our
 assumptions do not materialize as expected, actual cash
 expenditures and costs that we incur could be materially
 different than currently estimated. Moreover, regulatory changes
 could increase our obligation to perform reclamation and mine
 closing activities. The resulting estimated asset retirement
 obligation could change significantly if actual amounts change
 significantly from our assumptions, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
 condition.

 Our
 future success depends upon our ability to continue acquiring
 and developing coal reserves that are economically
 recoverable.

 Our recoverable reserves decline as we produce coal. We have not
 yet applied for the permits required or developed the mines
 necessary to use all of our reserves. Moreover, the amount of
 proven and probable coal reserves described in Item 2.
 “Properties” involved the use of certain estimates and
 those estimates could be inaccurate. Furthermore, we may not be
 able to mine all of our reserves as profitably as we do at our
 current operations. Our future success depends upon our
 conducting successful exploration and development activities or
 acquiring properties containing economically recoverable
 reserves. Our current strategy includes increasing our reserves
 through acquisitions of government and other leases and
 producing properties and continuing to use our existing