.

 The following risk factors relate specifically to the risks
 associated with our continuing operations.

 Risks
 Associated with Our Operations

 The
 duration or severity of the current global economic downturn and
 disruptions in the financial markets, and their impact on us,
 are uncertain.

 The recent global economic downturn, coupled with the global
 financial and credit market disruptions, have had a negative
 impact on us and on the coal industry generally. While we
 believe that the long-term prospects for coal remain bright, we
 are unable to predict the duration or severity of the current
 global economic and financial crisis. We are focused on strong
 cost control and productivity improvements, increased
 contributions from our high-margin operations, and exercising
 tight capital discipline. However, there can be no assurance
 that these actions, or any others that we may take in response
 to further deterioration in economic and financial conditions,
 will be sufficient. A protracted continuation or worsening of
 the global economic downturn or disruptions in the financial
 markets could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition or results of operations.

 24

Table of Contents

 A
 decline in coal prices could negatively affect our
 profitability.

 Our profitability depends upon the prices we receive for our
 coal. Coal prices are dependent upon factors beyond our control,
 including:

 • 

 the supply of and demand for U.S. domestic and
 international thermal (steam) and metallurgical coal;

 • 

 the demand for electricity and steel and the strength of the
 global economy;

 • 

 the availability and price of alternative fuels, such as natural
 gas, and alternative energy sources, such as Hydroelectric power;

 • 

 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes,
 including those establishing air emission standards for
 coal-fueled power plants;

 • 

 regulatory, administrative and judicial decisions, including
 those affecting future mining permits;

 • 

 the proximity, capacity and cost of transportation;

 • 

 technological developments, including those intended to convert
 coal to liquids or gas and those aimed at capturing and
 sequestering carbon; and

 • 

 the effects of worldwide energy conservation measures.

 As of January 27, 2009, our 2009 production is largely sold
 out in the U.S. with 4 to 5 million tons of Australian
 metallurgical coal and 5 to 6 million tons of Australian
 thermal coal available to price. The current global financial
 slowdown has reduced gross domestic product expectations for
 U.S., China and other major world economies, which is expected
 to temper the growth of coal demand in the near term. As a
 result, we expect 2009 coal prices to be lower than 2008 levels
 for our unpriced 2009 Australian-based metallurgical and thermal
 coal. If we continue to experience a weak coal pricing
 environment or if we see a further deterioration in coal prices,
 we could experience an adverse effect on our revenues and
 profitability.

 A
 decrease in our production of metallurgical coal could reduce
 our anticipated profitability.

 In 2008, we produced 7.8 million tons of metallurgical coal
 for export from our Australian Mining operations and realized
 prices for metallurgical coal at historically high levels, which
 significantly increased our profitability. Although we have
 annual capacity to produce approximately 8 to 10 million
 tons of metallurgical coal from these operations, we project
 that our 2009 metallurgical coal production will be reduced by
 up to two million tons due to the decline in worldwide steel
 demand. To the extent that demand for metallurgical coal further
 deteriorates, our profitability could be adversely affected.

 If a
 substantial number of our long-term coal supply agreements
 terminate, our revenues and operating profits could suffer if we
 are unable to find alternate buyers willing to purchase our coal
 on comparable terms to those in our contracts.

 Most of our sales are made under coal supply agreements, which
 are important to the stability and profitability of our
 operations. The execution of a satisfactory coal supply
 agreement is frequently the basis on which we undertake the
 development of coal reserves required to be supplied under the
 contract, particularly in the U.S. For the year ended
 December 31, 2008, 90% of our worldwide sales volume was
 sold under long-term coal supply agreements. At
 December 31, 2008, our sales backlog, including backlog
 subject to price reopener
 and/or
 extension provisions, was over one billion tons, representing
 nearly five years of current production in backlog. Contracts in
 backlog have remaining terms ranging from one to 17 years.

 Many of our coal supply agreements contain provisions that
 permit the parties to adjust the contract price upward or
 downward at specified times. We may adjust these contract prices
 based on inflation or deflation
 and/or
 changes in the factors affecting the cost of producing coal,
 such as taxes, fees, royalties and changes in the laws
 regulating the mining, production, sale or use of coal. In a
 limited number of contracts, failure of the parties to agree on
 a price under those provisions may allow either party to
 terminate the contract. We sometimes experience a reduction in
 coal prices in new long-term coal supply agreements replacing
 some of our expiring

 25

Table of Contents

 contracts. Coal supply agreements also typically contain force
 majeure provisions allowing temporary suspension of performance
 by us or the customer during the duration of specified events
 beyond the control of the affected party. Most coal supply
 agreements contain provisions requiring us to deliver coal
 meeting quality thresholds for certain characteristics such as
 Btu, sulfur content, ash content, grindability and ash fusion
 temperature. Failure to meet these specifications could result
 in economic penalties, including price adjustments, the
 rejection of deliveries or termination of the contracts.
 Moreover, some of these agreements permit the customer to
 terminate the contract if transportation costs, which our
 customers typically bear, increase substantially. In addition,
 some of these contracts allow our customers to terminate their
 contracts in the event of changes in regulations affecting our
 industry that increase the price of coal beyond specified limits.

 The operating profits we realize from coal sold under supply
 agreements depend on a variety of factors. In addition, price
 adjustment and other provisions may increase our exposure to
 short-term coal price volatility provided by those contracts. If
 a substantial portion of our coal supply agreements were
 modified or terminated, we could be materially adversely
 affected to the extent that we are unable to find alternate
 buyers for our coal at the same level of profitability. Market
 prices for coal vary by mining region and country. As a result,
 we cannot predict the future strength of the coal market overall
 or by mining region and cannot assure you that we will be able
 to replace existing long-term coal supply agreements at the same
 prices or with similar profit margins when they expire.

 The
 loss of, or significant reduction in, purchases by our largest
 customers could adversely affect our revenues.

 For the year ended December 31, 2008, we derived 24% of our
 total coal revenues from sales to our five largest customers. At
 December 31, 2008, we had 66 coal supply agreements and
 trading transactions with these customers expiring at various
 times from 2009 to 2014. We are currently discussing the
 extension of existing agreements or entering into new long-term
 agreements with some of these customers, but these negotiations
 may not be successful and those customers may not continue to
 purchase coal from us under long-term coal supply agreements. If
 a number of these customers significantly reduce their purchases
 of coal from us, or if we are unable to sell coal to them on
 terms as favorable to us as the terms under our current
 agreements, our financial condition and results of operations
 could suffer materially. In addition, our revenue could be
 adversely affected by a decline in customer purchases due to
 lack of demand, cost of competing fuels and environmental
 regulations.

 Our
 ability to collect payments from our customers could be impaired
 if their creditworthiness deteriorates.

 Our ability to receive payment for coal sold and delivered
 depends on the continued creditworthiness of our customers. Our
 customer base has changed with deregulation as utilities have
 sold their power plants to their non-regulated affiliates or
 third parties. These new power plant owners or other customers
 may have credit ratings that are below investment grade. If
 deterioration of the creditworthiness of our customers occurs,
 our $275.0 million accounts receivable securitization
 program and our business could be adversely affected.

 If
 transportation for our coal becomes unavailable or uneconomic
 for our customers, our ability to sell coal could
 suffer.

 Transportation costs represent a significant portion of the
 total cost of coal and the cost of transportation is a critical
 factor in a customer’s purchasing decision. Increases in
 transportation costs and the lack of sufficient rail and port
 capacity could lead to reduced coal sales. As of
 December 31, 2008, certain coal supply agreements permit
 the customer to terminate the contract if the cost of
 transportation increases by an amount over specified levels in
 any given
 12-month
 period.

 Coal producers depend upon rail, barge, trucking, overland
 conveyor and ocean-going vessels to deliver coal to markets.
 While our coal customers typically arrange and pay for
 transportation of coal from the mine or port to the point of
 use, disruption of these transportation services because of
 weather-related problems, infrastructure damage, strikes,
 lock-outs, lack of fuel or maintenance items, transportation
 delays or other events could temporarily impair our ability to
 supply coal to our customers and thus could adversely affect our

 26

Table of Contents

 results of operations. For example, two primary railroads serve
 the Powder River Basin mines. Due to the high volume of coal
 shipped from all Powder River Basin mines, the loss of access to
 rail capacity could create temporary congestion on the rail
 systems servicing that region. In Australia we currently ship
 coal through the ports of Dalrymple Bay, Brisbane, Newcastle and
 Port Kembla. In most instances, we rail coal to these ports. The
 Australian coal supply chains (rail and port) can be impacted by
 a number of factors including weather events, breakdown or
 underperformance of the port and rail infrastructure, congestion
 and balancing systems which are imposed to manage vessel queuing
 and demurrage. As a result, we are susceptible to increased
 costs or lost sales due to Australian coal chain problems.

 A
 decrease in the availability or increase in costs of key
 supplies, capital equipment or commodities such as diesel fuel,
 steel, explosives and tires could decrease our anticipated
 profitability.

 Our mining operations require a reliable supply of mining
 equipment, replacement parts, explosives, fuel, tires,
 steel-related products (including roof control) and lubricants.
 Recent consolidation of suppliers of explosives has limited the
 number of sources for these materials, and our current supply of
 explosives is concentrated with two suppliers. Further, our
 purchases of some items of underground mining equipment are
 concentrated with one principal supplier. If the cost of any of
 these inputs increased significantly, or if a source for these
 supplies or mining equipment were unavailable to meet our
 replacement demands, our profitability could be reduced.

 An
 inability of trading, brokerage or freight sources to fulfill
 the delivery terms of their contracts with us could reduce our
 profitability.

 In conducting our trading, brokerage and mining operations, we
 utilize third-party sources of coal production, including
 contract miners and brokerage sources, to fulfill deliveries
 under our coal supply agreements. In Australia, the majority of
 our volume comes from mines that utilize contract miners.
 Employee relations at mines that use contract miners is the
 responsibility of the contractor.

 Our profitability or exposure to loss on transactions or
 relationships is dependent upon the reliability (including
 financial viability) and price of the third-party suppliers, our
 obligation to supply coal to customers in the event that adverse
 geologic mining conditions restrict deliveries from our
 suppliers, our willingness to participate in temporary cost
 increases experienced by our third-party coal suppliers, our
 ability to pass on temporary cost increases to our customers,
 the ability to substitute, when economical, third-party coal
 sources with internal production or coal purchased in the
 market, the ability of our freight sources to fulfill their
 delivery obligations and other factors. The recent market
 volatility and price increases for coal on the international and
 domestic markets could result in non-performance by third-party
 suppliers under existing contracts with us, in order to take
 advantage of the higher prices in the current market. Such
 non-performance could have an adverse impact on our ability to
 fulfill deliveries under our coal supply agreements.

 If the
 coal industry experiences overcapacity in the future, our
 profitability could be impaired.

 Coal prices in most regions of the U.S. and globally were
 approaching record highs in the first half of 2008, which
 encouraged producers to increase planned capacity. Many of these
 planned capacity increases and existing production plans have
 been delayed or reduced due to the global economic downturn and
 coal price reductions in the second half of 2008. To the extent
 that demand drops below supply, our profitability could be
 materially adversely affected.

 Risks
 inherent to mining could increase the cost of operating our
 business.

 Our mining operations are subject to conditions that can impact
 the safety of our workforce, or delay coal deliveries or
 increase the cost of mining at particular mines for varying
 lengths of time. These conditions include fires and explosions
 from methane gas or coal dust; accidental minewater discharges;
 weather, flooding and natural disasters; unexpected maintenance
 problems; key equipment failures; variations in coal seam
 thickness; variations in the amount of rock and soil overlying
 the coal deposit; variations in rock and other natural
 materials; and variations in geologic conditions. We maintain
 insurance policies that provide limited

 27

Table of Contents

 coverage for some of these risks, although there can be no
 assurance that these risks would be fully covered by our
 insurance policies. Despite our efforts, significant mine
 accidents could occur and have a substantial impact on our
 financial condition and results of operations.

 Our
 ability to operate our company effectively could be impaired if
 we lose key personnel or fail to attract qualified
 personnel.

 We manage our business with a number of key personnel, the loss
 of a number of whom could have a material adverse effect on us.
 In addition, as our business develops and expands, we believe
 that our future success will depend greatly on our continued
 ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified
 personnel. We cannot assure that key personnel will continue to
 be employed by us or that we will be able to attract and retain
 qualified personnel in the future. Failure to retain or attract
 key personnel could have a material adverse effect on us.

 We
 could be negatively affected if we fail to maintain satisfactory
 labor relations.

 As of December 31, 2008, we had approximately
 7,200 employees. In the U.S., approximately 15% of our
 U.S. subsidiaries’ hourly employees are represented by
 unions and they generated approximately 6% of our
 U.S. production during the year ended December 31,
 2008. In Australia, the majority of workers are members of trade
 unions, including those employed through contract mining
 relationships. Relations with our employees and, where
 applicable, organized labor are important to our success.

 Due to the higher labor costs and the increased risk of strikes
 and other work-related stoppages that may be associated with
 union operations in the coal industry, our competitors who
 operate without union labor may have a competitive advantage in
 areas where they compete with our unionized operations. If some
 or all of our current non-union operations were to become
 unionized, we could incur an increased risk of work stoppages,
 reduced productivity and higher labor costs.

 Our
 operations could be adversely affected if we fail to
 appropriately secure our obligations.

 U.S. federal and state laws and Australian laws require us
 to secure certain of our obligations to reclaim lands used for
 mining, to pay federal and state workers’ compensation, to
 secure coal lease obligations and to satisfy other miscellaneous
 obligations. The primary methods for us to meet those
 obligations are to post a corporate guarantee (i.e. self bond),
 provide a third-party surety bond or provide a letter of credit.
 As of December 31, 2008, we had $773.4 million of self
 bonding in place for our reclamation obligations. As of
 December 31, 2008, we also had outstanding surety bonds
 with third parties and letters of credit of
 $1,128.6 million, of which $740.7 million was for
 post-mining reclamation, $74.2 million related to
 workers’ compensation obligations, $99.2 million was
 for coal lease obligations and $214.5 million was for other
 obligations, including collateral for surety companies and bank
 guarantees, road maintenance and performance guarantees. As of
 December 31, 2008, the amount of letters of credit securing
 Patriot obligations was $7.0 million related to
 Patriot’s workers’ compensation obligations. Surety
 bonds are typically renewable on a yearly basis. Surety bond
 issuers and holders may not continue to renew the bonds or may
 demand additional collateral upon those renewals. Letters of
 credit are subject to our successful renewal of our bank
 Revolving Credit Facility, which expires in 2011. Our failure to
 maintain, or inability to acquire, surety bonds or letters of
 credit or to provide a suitable alternative would have a
 material adverse effect on us. That failure could result from a
 variety of factors including the following:

 • 

 lack of availability, higher expense or unfavorable market terms
 of new surety bonds;

 • 

 restrictions on the availability of collateral for current and
 future third-party surety bond issuers under the terms of our
 indentures or Senior Unsecured Credit Facility;

 • 

 the exercise by third-party surety bond issuers of their right
 to refuse to renew the surety; and

 • 

 inability to renew our credit facility.

 28

Table of Contents

 Our ability to self bond reduces our costs of providing
 financial assurances. To the extent we are unable to maintain
 our current level of self bonding, due to legislative or
 regulatory changes or changes in our financial condition, our
 costs would increase.

 Our
 mining operations are extensively regulated, which imposes
 significant costs on us, and future regulations and developments
 could increase those costs or limit our ability to produce
 coal.

 Federal, state and local authorities regulate the coal mining
 industry with respect to matters such as employee health and
 safety, permitting and licensing requirements, air quality
 standards, water pollution, plant and wildlife protection,
 reclamation and restoration of mining properties after mining is
 completed, the discharge of materials into the environment,
 surface subsidence from underground mining and the effects that
 mining has on groundwater quality and availability. Numerous
 governmental permits and approvals are required for mining
 operations. We are required to prepare and present to federal,
 state or local authorities data pertaining to the effect or
 impact that any proposed exploration for or production of coal
 may have upon the environment. The costs, liabilities and
 requirements associated with these regulations may be costly and
 time-consuming and may delay commencement or continuation of
 exploration or production. The possibility exists that new
 legislation
 and/or
 regulations and orders related to the environment or employee
 health and safety may be adopted and may materially adversely
 affect our mining operations, our cost structure

and/or our
 customers’ ability to use coal. New legislation or
 administrative regulations (or judicial interpretations of
 existing laws and regulations), including proposals related to
 the protection of the environment or the reduction of greenhouse
 gas emissions that would further regulate and tax the coal
 industry, may also require us or our customers to change
 operations significantly or incur increased costs. Some of our
 coal supply agreements contain provisions that allow a purchaser
 to terminate its contract if legislation is passed that either
 restricts the use or type of coal permissible at the
 purchaser’s plant or results in specified increases in the
 cost of coal or its use. These factors and legislation, if
 enacted, could have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition and results of operations.

 A number of laws, including in the U.S. the CERCLA, impose
 liability relating to contamination by hazardous substances.
 Such liability may involve the costs of investigating or
 remediating contamination and damages to natural resources, as
 well as claims seeking to recover for property damage or
 personal injury caused by hazardous substances. Such liability
 may arise from conditions at formerly, as well as currently,
 owned or operated properties, and at properties to which
 hazardous substances have been sent for treatment, disposal, or
 other handling. Liability under CERCLA and similar state
 statutes is without regard to fault, and typically is joint and
 several, meaning that a person may be held responsible for more
 than its share, or even all of, the liability involved. Our
 mining operations involve some use of hazardous materials. In
 addition, we have accrued for liability arising out of
 contamination associated with Gold Fields Mining, LLC (Gold
 Fields), a dormant, non-coal-producing subsidiary of ours that
 was previously managed and owned by Hanson PLC, or with Gold
 Fields’ former affiliates. A predecessor owner of ours,
 Hanson PLC, transferred ownership of Gold Fields to us in the
 February 1997 spin-off of its energy business. Gold Fields is
 currently a defendant in several lawsuits and has received
 notices of several other potential claims arising out of lead
 contamination from mining and milling operations it conducted in
 northeastern Oklahoma. Gold Fields is also involved in
 investigating or remediating a number of other contaminated
 sites. Although we have accrued for many of these liabilities
 known to us, the amounts of other potential losses cannot be
 estimated. Significant uncertainty exists as to whether claims
 will be pursued against Gold Fields in all cases, and where they
 are pursued, the amount of the eventual costs and liabilities,
 which could be greater or less than our accrual. Although we
 believe many of these liabilities are likely to be resolved
 without a material adverse effect on us, future developments,
 such as new information concerning areas known to be or
 suspected of being contaminated for which we may be responsible,
 the discovery of new contamination for which we may be
 responsible, or the inability to share costs with other parties
 that may be responsible for the contamination, could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of
 operations.

 29

Table of Contents

 Our
 future success depends upon our ability to continue acquiring
 and developing coal reserves that are economically
 recoverable.

 Our recoverable reserves decline as we produce coal. We have not
 yet applied for the permits required or developed the mines
 necessary to use all of our reserves. Furthermore, we may not be
 able to mine all of our reserves as profitably as we do at our
 current operations. Our future success depends upon our
 conducting successful exploration and development activities or
 acquiring properties containing economically recoverable
 reserves. Our current strategy includes increasing our reserves
 through acquisitions of government and other leases and
 producing properties and continuing to use our existing