.

The following risk factors relate specifically to the risks associated with our continuing operations.

Risks Associated with Our Operations

A decline in coal prices could negatively affect our profitability.

Our profitability depends upon the prices we receive for our coal. Coal prices are dependent upon factors beyond our control, including:

•

the strength of the global economy; 

•

the demand for electricity;

•

the demand for steel, which may lead to price fluctuations in the periodic repricing of our metallurgical coal contracts;

•

the global supply of thermal and metallurgical coal;

•

weather patterns and natural disasters;

•

competition within our industry and the availability and price of alternatives, including natural gas;

•

the proximity, capacity and cost of transportation;

•

coal industry capacity;

•

domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes, including those establishing air emission standards for coal-fueled power plants or mandating increased use of electricity from renewable energy sources;

•

regulatory, administrative and judicial decisions, including those affecting future mining permits; and

•

technological developments, including those intended to convert coal-to-liquids or gas and those aimed at capturing and storing carbon dioxide.

In the U.S., our strategy is to selectively renew, or enter into new, long-term supply agreements when we can do so at prices we believe are favorable. In Australia, current industry practice, and our practice, is to negotiate pricing for metallurgical coal contracts quarterly and seaborne thermal coal contracts annually.

If a substantial number of our long-term coal supply agreements terminate, our revenues and operating profits could suffer if we are unable to find alternate buyers willing to purchase our coal on comparable terms to those in our contracts.

Most of our sales are made under coal supply agreements, which are important to the stability and profitability of our operations. The execution of a satisfactory coal supply agreement is frequently the basis on which we undertake the development of coal reserves required to be supplied under the contract, particularly in the U.S. In 2011, 
91%
 of our worldwide sales volume was sold under long-term coal supply agreements. At January 31, 2012, our sales backlog, including backlog subject to price reopener and/or extension provisions, was over 
1 billion
 tons, representing over four years of current production in backlog based on our 2011 production from continuing operations of 
227.5 million
 tons. Contracts in backlog have remaining terms ranging up to 
16
 years. 

Many of our coal supply agreements contain provisions that permit the parties to adjust the contract price upward or downward at specified times. We may adjust these contract prices based on inflation or deflation and/or changes in the factors affecting the cost of producing coal, such as taxes, fees, royalties and changes in the laws regulating the mining, production, sale or use of coal. In a limited number of contracts, failure of the parties to agree on a price under those provisions may allow either party to terminate the contract. We sometimes experience a reduction in coal prices in new long-term coal supply agreements replacing some of our expiring contracts. Coal supply agreements also typically contain force majeure provisions allowing temporary suspension of performance by us or the customer during the duration of specified events beyond the control of the affected party. Most of our coal supply agreements contain provisions requiring us to deliver coal meeting quality thresholds for certain characteristics such as Btu, sulfur content, ash content, grindability and ash fusion temperature. Failure to meet these specifications could result in economic penalties, including price adjustments, the rejection of deliveries or termination of the contracts. Moreover, some of these agreements permit the customer to terminate the contract if transportation costs, which our customers typically bear, increase substantially. In addition, some of these contracts allow our customers to terminate their contracts in the event of changes in regulations affecting our industry that restrict the use or type of coal permissible at the customer’s plant or increases the price of coal beyond specified limits.

16

Table of Contents

The operating profits we realize from coal sold under supply agreements depend on a variety of factors. In addition, price adjustment and other provisions may increase our exposure to short-term coal price volatility provided by those contracts. If a substantial portion of our coal supply agreements were modified or terminated, we could be materially adversely affected to the extent that we are unable to find alternate buyers for our coal at the same level of profitability. Market prices for coal vary by mining region and country. As a result, we cannot predict the future strength of the coal market overall or by mining region and cannot provide assurance that we will be able to replace existing long-term coal supply agreements at the same prices or with similar profit margins when they expire.

The loss of, or significant reduction in, purchases by our largest customers could adversely affect our revenues.

For the year ended December 31, 2011 we derived 
23%
 of our total coal sales revenues from our five largest customers. Those five customers were supplied primarily from 
24
 coal supply agreements (excluding trading transactions) expiring at various times from 2012 to 2025. The contract contributing the greatest amount of annual revenue in 2011 was approximately 
$311 million
, or approximately 
4%
 of our 2011 total revenue base. We are currently discussing the extension of existing agreements or entering into new long-term agreements with some of these customers, but these negotiations may not be successful and those customers may not continue to purchase coal from us under long-term coal supply agreements. If a number of these customers significantly reduce their purchases of coal from us, or if we are unable to sell coal to them on terms as favorable to us as the terms under our current agreements, our financial condition and results of operations could suffer materially. In addition, our revenue could be adversely affected by a decline in customer purchases due to lack of demand, cost of competing fuels and environmental regulations.

Our operating results could be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and financial market conditions.

In recent years, the global economic recession and the worldwide financial and credit market disruptions had a negative impact on us and on the coal industry generally. If any of these conditions return or if there are downturns in economic conditions, particularly in developing countries such as China and India, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. While we are focused on cost control, productivity improvements, increased contributions from our high-margin operations and capital discipline, there can be no assurance that these actions, or any others we may take, will be sufficient in response to downturns in economic and financial conditions.

Our ability to collect payments from our customers could be impaired if their creditworthiness deteriorates.

Our ability to receive payment for coal sold and delivered or for financially settled contracts depends on the continued creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties. Our customer base has changed with deregulation in the U.S. as utilities have sold their power plants to their non-regulated affiliates or third parties, and with our continued expansion in the Asia-Pacific region. These new customers may have credit ratings that are below investment grade or not rated. If deterioration of the creditworthiness of our customers occurs, our accounts receivable securitization program and our business could be adversely affected.

Risks inherent to mining could increase the cost of operating our business.

Our mining operations are subject to conditions that can impact the safety of our workforce, or delay coal deliveries or increase the cost of mining at particular mines for varying lengths of time. These conditions include fires and explosions from methane gas or coal dust; accidental minewater discharges; weather, flooding and natural disasters; unexpected maintenance problems; key equipment failures; variations in coal seam thickness; variations in the amount of rock and soil overlying the coal deposit; variations in rock and other natural materials and variations in geologic conditions. We maintain insurance policies that provide limited coverage for some of these risks, although there can be no assurance that these risks would be fully covered by our insurance policies. Despite our efforts, significant mine accidents could occur and have a substantial impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.

If transportation for our coal becomes unavailable or uneconomic for our customers, our ability to sell coal could suffer.

Transportation costs represent a significant portion of the total cost of coal and the cost of transportation is a critical factor in a customer’s purchasing decision. Increases in transportation costs and the lack of sufficient rail and port capacity could lead to reduced coal sales. As of December 31, 2011, certain coal supply agreements permit the customer to terminate the contract if the cost of transportation increases by an amount over specified levels in any given 12-month period.

17

Table of Contents

We depend upon rail, barge, trucking, overland conveyor and ocean-going vessels to deliver coal to markets. While our coal customers typically arrange and pay for transportation of coal from the mine or port to the point of use, disruption of these transportation services because of weather-related problems, infrastructure damage, strikes, lock-outs, lack of fuel or maintenance items, underperformance of the port and rail infrastructure, congestion and balancing systems which are imposed to manage vessel queuing and demurrage, non-performance or delays by co-shippers, transportation delays or other events could temporarily impair our ability to supply coal to our customers and thus could adversely affect our results of operations.

A decrease in the availability or increase in costs of key supplies, capital equipment or commodities such as diesel fuel, steel, explosives and tires could decrease our anticipated profitability.

Our mining operations require a reliable supply of mining equipment, replacement parts, fuel, explosives, tires, steel-related products (including roof control materials), lubricants and electricity. There has been some consolidation in the supplier base providing mining materials to the coal industry, such as with suppliers of explosives and both surface and underground equipment, that has limited the number of sources for these materials. In situations where we have chosen to concentrate a large portion of purchases with one supplier, it has been to take advantage of cost savings from larger volumes of purchases and to ensure security of supply. If the cost of any of these inputs increased significantly, or if a source for these supplies or mining equipment were unavailable to meet our replacement demands, our profitability could be reduced or we could experience a delay or halt in our production.

An inability of trading, brokerage, mining or freight sources to fulfill the delivery terms of their contracts with us could reduce our profitability.

In conducting our trading, brokerage and mining operations, we utilize third-party sources of coal production and transportation, including contract miners and brokerage sources, to fulfill deliveries under our coal supply agreements. In Australia, the majority of our volume comes from mines that utilize contract miners. Employee relations at mines that use contract miners are the responsibility of the contractor.

Our profitability or exposure to loss on transactions or relationships is dependent upon the reliability (including financial viability) and price of the third-party suppliers, our obligation to supply coal to customers in the event that weather, flooding, natural disasters or adverse geologic mining conditions restrict deliveries from our suppliers, our willingness to participate in temporary cost increases experienced by our third-party coal suppliers, our ability to pass on temporary cost increases to our customers, the ability to substitute, when economical, third-party coal sources with internal production or coal purchased in the market and the ability of our freight sources to fulfill their delivery obligations. Market volatility and price increases for coal or freight on the international and domestic markets could result in non-performance by third-party suppliers under existing contracts with us, in order to take advantage of the higher prices in the current market. Such non-performance could have an adverse impact on our ability to fulfill deliveries under our coal supply agreements.

Our trading and hedging activities may expose us to earnings volatility and other risks.

We enter into hedging arrangements designed primarily to manage market price volatility of foreign currency (primarily the Australian dollar), diesel fuel and explosives. Also, from time to time, we manage the interest rate risk associated with our variable and fixed rate borrowings using interest rate swaps. Generally, we attempt to designate hedging arrangements as cash flow hedges with gains or losses recorded as a separate component of stockholders’ equity until the hedged transaction occurs (or until hedge ineffectiveness is determined). While we utilize a variety of risk monitoring and mitigation strategies, those strategies require judgment and they cannot anticipate every potential outcome or the timing of such outcomes. As such, there is potential for these hedges to no longer qualify for hedge accounting. If that were to happen, we will be required to recognize the mark to market movements through current year earnings, possibly resulting in increased volatility in our income in future periods. In addition, to the extent that we engage in hedging activities, we may be prevented from realizing the benefits of future price decreases of foreign currency, diesel fuel and explosives.

We also enter into derivative trading instruments, some of which require us to post margin based on the value of those instruments and other credit factors. If our credit is downgraded, the fair value of our hedge positions move significantly, or laws or regulations are passed requiring all hedge arrangements to be exchange-traded or exchange-cleared, we could be required to post additional margin, which could impact our liquidity.

18

Table of Contents

Through our trading and hedging activities, we are also exposed to the nonperformance and credit risk with various counterparties, including exchanges and other financial intermediaries. Should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements, which could negatively impact our profitability and/or liquidity. In addition, some of our trading and brokerage activities include an increasing number of exchange-settled transactions, which exposes us to the margin requirements of the exchange for daily changes in the value of our positions. If there are significant and extended unfavorable price movements against our positions, or if there are future regulations that impose new margin requirements, position limits and capital charges, even if not directly applicable to us, our liquidity could be impacted. 

Our ability to operate our company effectively could be impaired if we lose key personnel or fail to attract qualified personnel.

We manage our business with a number of key personnel, the loss of whom could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, as our business develops and expands, we believe that our future success will depend greatly on our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel, particularly personnel with mining experience. We cannot provide assurance that key personnel will continue to be employed by us or that we will be able to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future. Failure to retain or attract key personnel could have a material adverse effect on us.

We could be negatively affected if we fail to maintain satisfactory labor relations. 

As of December 31, 2011, we had approximately 
8,300
 employees, which included approximately 
5,600
 hourly employees. Approximately 
24%
 of our hourly employees were represented by organized labor unions and generated 
7%
 of 2011 coal production. Additionally, those employed through contract mining relationships in Australia are also members of trade unions. Relations with our employees and, where applicable, organized labor are important to our success. If some or all of our current non-union operations were to become unionized, we could incur an increased risk of work stoppages, reduced productivity and higher labor costs. Also, if we fail to maintain good relations with our union workforce, we could experience labor disputes, work stoppages or other disruptions in production that could negatively impact our profitability.

Our mining operations could be adversely affected if we fail to appropriately secure our obligations.

U.S. federal and state laws and Australian laws require us to secure certain of our obligations to reclaim lands used for mining, to pay federal and state workers’ compensation, to secure coal lease obligations and to satisfy other miscellaneous obligations. The primary methods we use to meet those obligations are to post a corporate guarantee (i.e., self bond), provide a third-party surety bond or provide a letter of credit. As of December 31, 2011, we had 
$929.6 million
 of self bonding in place for our reclamation obligations. As of December 31, 2011, we also had outstanding surety bonds with third parties, bank guarantees and letters of credit of $
1,214.6 million
, of which $
791.6 million
 was for post-mining reclamation, $
76.1 million
 related to workers’ compensation obligations, $
104.7 million
 was for coal lease obligations and $
242.2 million
 was for other obligations, including collateral for surety companies and bank guarantees, road maintenance and performance guarantees. Surety bonds are typically renewable on a yearly basis. Surety bond issuers and holders may not continue to renew the bonds or may demand additional collateral upon those renewals. Letters of credit are subject to us maintaining compliance under our two primary facilities used for such items, which is our Credit Facility and our accounts receivable securitization program. Our failure to retain, or inability to acquire, surety bonds or letters of credit or to provide a suitable alternative would have a material adverse effect on us. That failure could result from a variety of factors including the following:

•

lack of availability, higher expense or unfavorable market terms of new surety bonds;

•

restrictions on the availability of collateral for current and future third-party surety bond issuers under the terms of our indentures, Credit Facility or our 2011 term loan facility (2011 Term Loan Facility);

•

the exercise by third-party surety bond issuers of their right to refuse to renew the surety; and

•

the inability to renew our Credit Facility.

Our ability to self bond reduces our costs of providing financial assurances. To the extent we are unable to maintain our current level of self bonding due to legislative or regulatory changes or changes in our financial condition, our costs would increase.

19

Table of Contents

Our mining operations are extensively regulated, which imposes significant costs on us, and future regulations and developments could increase those costs or limit our ability to produce coal.

Federal, state and local authorities regulate the coal mining industry with respect to matters such as employee health and safety, permitting and licensing requirements, air quality standards, water pollution, plant and wildlife protection, reclamation and restoration of mining properties after mining is completed, the discharge of materials into the environment, surface subsidence from underground mining and the effects that mining has on groundwater quality and availability. Numerous governmental permits and approvals are required for mining operations. We are required to prepare and present to federal, state and local authorities data pertaining to the effect that any proposed exploration for or production of coal may have upon the environment. The public, including non-governmental organizations, opposition groups and individuals, have statutory rights to comment upon and submit objections to requested permits and approvals. The costs, liabilities and requirements associated with these regulations may be costly and time-consuming and may delay commencement or continuation of exploration or production.

The possibility exists that new legislation and/or regulations and orders related to the environment or employee health and safety may be adopted and may materially adversely affect our mining operations, our cost structure and/or our customers’ ability to use coal. New legislation or administrative regulations (or new interpretations by the relevant government authorities of existing laws and regulations), including proposals related to the protection of the environment or the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions that would further regulate and tax the coal industry, may also require us or our customers to change operations significantly or incur increased costs. Some of our coal supply agreements contain provisions that allow a purchaser to terminate its contract if legislation is passed that either restricts the use or type of coal permissible at the purchaser’s plant or results in specified increases in the cost of coal or its use. These factors and legislation, if enacted, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

A number of laws, including in the U.S., CERCLA, impose liability relating to contamination by hazardous substances. Such liability may involve the costs of investigating or remediating contamination and damages to natural resources, as well as claims seeking to recover for property damage or personal injury caused by hazardous substances. Such liability may arise from conditions at formerly, as well as currently, owned or operated properties, and at properties to which hazardous substances have been sent for treatment, disposal, or other handling. Liability under CERCLA and similar state statutes is without regard to fault, and typically is joint and several, meaning that a person may be held responsible for more than its share, or even all, of the liability involved. Our mining operations involve some use of hazardous materials. In addition, we have accrued for liability arising out of contamination associated with Gold Fields Mining, LLC (Gold Fields), a dormant, non-coal-producing subsidiary of ours that was previously managed and owned by Hanson PLC, or with Gold Fields’ former affiliates. Hanson PLC, which is a predecessor owner of ours, transferred ownership of Gold Fields to us in the February 1997 spin-off of its energy business. Gold Fields is currently a defendant in several lawsuits and has received notices of several other potential claims arising out of lead contamination from mining and milling operations it conducted in northeastern Oklahoma. Gold Fields is also involved in investigating or remediating a number of other contaminated sites. See Note 23 to our consolidated financial statements for a description of pending legal proceedings involving Gold Fields.

If the assumptions underlying our asset retirement obligations for reclamation and mine closures are materially inaccurate, our costs could be significantly greater than anticipated.

Our asset retirement obligations primarily consist of spending estimates for surface land reclamation and support facilities at both surface and underground mines in accordance with federal and state reclamation laws in the U.S. and Australia as defined by each mining permit. These obligations are determined for each mine using various estimates and assumptions including, among other items, estimates of disturbed acreage as determined from engineering data, estimates of future costs to reclaim the disturbed acreage and the timing of these cash flows, discounted using a credit-adjusted, risk-free rate. Our management and engineers periodically review these estimates. If our assumptions do not materialize as expected, actual cash expenditures and costs that we incur could be materially different than currently estimated. Moreover, regulatory changes could increase our obligation to perform reclamation and mine closing activities. The resulting estimated asset retirement obligation could change significantly if actual amounts change significantly from our assumptions, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

20

Table of Contents

Our future success depends upon our ability to continue acquiring and developing coal reserves that are economically recoverable.

Our recoverable reserves decline as we produce coal. We have not yet applied for the permits required or developed the mines necessary to use all of our reserves. Moreover, the amount of proven and probable coal reserves described in Item 2. “Properties” involved the use of certain estimates and those estimates could be inaccurate. Furthermore, we may not be able to mine all of our reserves as profitably as we do at our current operations. Our future success depends upon our conducting successful exploration and development activities or acquiring properties containing economically recoverable reserves. Our current strategy includes increasing our reserves through acquisitions of government and other leases and producing properties and continuing to use our existing properties. In certain locations, leases for oil, natural gas and coalbed methane reserves are located on, or adjacent to, some of our reserves, potentially creating conflicting interests between us and lessees of those interests. Other lessees’ rights relating to these mineral interests could prevent, delay or increase the cost of developing our coal reserves. These lessees may also seek damages from us based on claims that our coal mining operations impair their interests. Additionally, the U.S. federal government limits the amount of federal land that may be leased by any company to 150,000 acres nationwide. As of December 31, 2011, we leased a total of 
83,582
 acres from the federal government. The limit could restrict our ability to lease additional U.S. federal lands.

Our planned mine development projects and acquisition activities may not result in significant additional reserves, and we may not have success developing additional mines. Most of our mining operations are conducted on properties owned or leased by us. Because we do not thoroughly verify title to most of our leased properties and mineral rights until we obtain a permit to mine the property, our right to mine some of our reserves may be materially adversely affected if defects in title or boundaries exist. In addition, in order to develop our reserves, we must also own the rights to the related surface property and receive various governmental permits. We cannot predict whether we will continue to receive the permits necessary for us to operate profitably in the future. We may not be able to negotiate new leases from the government or from private parties, obtain mining contracts for properties containing additional reserves or maintain our leasehold interest in properties on which mining operations have not commenced during the term of the lease. From time to time, we have experienced litigation with lessors of our coal properties and with royalty holders. In addition, from time to time our permit applications have been challenged.

Growth in our global operations increases our risks unique to international mining and trading operations.

We continue to explore ways to expand our international mining operations and global trading and brokerage platform. These efforts have included and are expected to include in the future such things as joint venture mining and exploration interests, such as partnering with other companies to utilize our mining experience for joint mine development, and sourcing coal from off-take arrangements to be sold through our Trading and Brokerage segment. Our international expansion increases our exposure to country risks and the effects of changes in currency exchange rates. Some of our international activities include expansion into developing countries where the economic strength, business practices and counterparty reputations may not be as well developed as in our U.S. or Australian operations. We are also challenged by various political risks, including political instability, the potential for expropriation of assets, costs associated with the repatriation of earnings and the potential for unexpected changes in regulatory requirements. Despite our efforts to mitigate these risks, our results of operations, financial position or cash flow could be adversely affected by these activities.

Risks Related to the Macarthur Acquisition

The extent to which we are able to successfully integrate the newly acquired Macarthur operations and successfully operate and develop the mine sites acquired from Macarthur will have a bearing on our future financial results.

The speed at which we integrate the Macarthur operations will have a direct bearing on the realization of anticipated synergies and benefits. Delays in optimizing the operations of the producing mines and in advancing the development and resource projects into operating mines and coal reserves could impact our future financial results. 

We are more exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations following completion of the Macarthur acquisition, and there is an increased proportion of assets, liabilities and expenses denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies.

As a result of the completion of the Macarthur acquisition, our consolidated financial results are more exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations, and an increased proportion of assets, liabilities and expenses are transacted in non-U.S. dollar currencies.

21

Table of Contents

We present our consolidated financial statements in U.S. dollars and will have a significant proportion of net assets and expenses denominated in the Australian dollar. Our consolidated financial results and capital ratios will, therefore, be sensitive to movements in foreign exchange rates. An appreciation of the Australian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar could have an adverse impact on our consolidated financial results.

If we fail to establish and maintain proper internal controls for the combined business, our ability to produce accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired.

Prior to the acquisition, Macarthur was not subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. As a subsidiary consolidated with our financial statements, Macarthur is subject to such rules and regulations. We are incorporating the internal controls and procedures of Macarthur into our internal control over financial reporting, and we expect to be able to perform an assessment of and report on internal control over financial reporting for the combined business for the year ending December 31, 2012. If we fail to establish and maintain proper internal controls for the combined business, our ability to produce accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired.

Risks Associated with Our Indebtedness

We could be adversely affected by the failure of financial institutions to fulfill their commitments under our Credit Facility.

As of 
December 31, 2011
, we had 
$1.5 billion
 of available ongoing borrowing capacity under the Revolver portion of our Credit Facility, net of outstanding letters of credit. This committed facility, which matures on June 18, 2015, is provided by a syndicate of financial institutions, with each institution agreeing severally (and not jointly) to make revolving credit loans to us in accordance with the terms of the facility. Although the Credit Facility syndicate consists of over 40 financial institutions, if one or more of these institutions were to default on its obligation to fund its commitment, the portion of the facility provided by such defaulting financial institution would not be available to us.

Our financial performance could be adversely affected by our debt.

As of December 31, 2011, our total indebtedness was 
$6.7 billion
, and we had 
$1.5 billion
 of available borrowing capacity under the Revolver portion of our Credit Facility, net of outstanding letters of credit. The indentures governing our Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures (the Debentures) and the 7.375%, 7.875%, 6.50%, 6.25% and 6.00% Senior Notes (collectively our Senior Notes) do not limit the amount of indebtedness that we may issue. The degree to which we are leveraged could have important consequences, including, but not limited to:

•

making it more difficult for us to pay interest and satisfy our debt obligations;

•

increasing the costs of borrowing under our existing credit facilities;

•

increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

•

requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, business development, Btu Conversion and clean coal technology projects or other general corporate requirements;

•

limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, business development, Btu Conversion and clean coal technology projects or other general corporate requirements;

•

making it more difficult to obtain surety bonds, letters of credit or other financing, particularly during periods in which credit markets are weak;

•

limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and in the coal industry;

•

causing a decline in our credit ratings; and

•

placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to less leveraged competitors.

In addition, our debt agreements subject us to financial and other restrictive covenants. Failure by us to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on us and result in amounts outstanding thereunder to be immediately due and payable.

22

Table of Contents

Any downgrade in our credit ratings could result in an increase in interest rates on our credit facilities, requirements to post additional collateral on derivative trading instruments, or the loss of trading counterparties for corporate hedging and commodity brokerage and trading.

If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to sell assets, seek additional capital or seek to restructure or refinance our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to sell material assets or operations to attempt to meet our debt service and other obligations. Certain agreements governing our indebtedness restrict our ability to sell assets and use the proceeds from the sales. We may not be able to complete those sales or to obtain the proceeds which we could realize from them and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due.

The covenants in our Credit Facility and 2011 Term Loan Facility, and the indentures governing our Senior Notes and Debentures impose restrictions that may limit our operating and financial flexibility.

Our Credit Facility, 2011 Term Loan Facility, the indentures governing our Senior Notes  and our Debentures and the instruments governing our other indebtedness contain certain restrictions and covenants which restrict our ability to incur liens and/or debt or provide guarantees in respect of obligations of any other person. Under our Credit Facility, we must comply with certain financial covenants on a quarterly basis including a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio, as defined. The covenants also place limitations on our investments in joint ventures, unrestricted subsidiaries, indebtedness and the imposition of liens on our assets.

Operating results below current levels or other adverse factors, including a significant increase in interest rates, could result in our inability to comply with the financial covenants contained in our Credit Facility and 2011 Term Loan Facility. If we violate these covenants and are unable to obtain waivers from our lenders, our Credit Facility, our 2011 Term Loan Facility, our Senior Notes and our Debentures would be in default and the debt owing under such agreements could be accelerated. If our indebtedness is accelerated, we may not be able to repay our debt or borrow sufficient funds to refinance it. Even if we are able to obtain new financing, it may not be on commercially reasonable terms or on terms that are acceptable to us. If our debt is in default for any reason, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, complying with these covenants may also cause us to take actions that are not favorable to holders of our other debt or equity securities and may make it more difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategy and compete against companies who are not subject to such restrictions.

The conversion of our Debentures may result in the dilution of the ownership interests of our existing stockholders.

If the conditions permitting the conversion of our Debentures are met and holders of the Debentures exercise their conversion rights, any conversion value in excess of the principal amount will be delivered in shares of our common stock. If any common stock is issued in connection with a conversion of our Debentures, our existing stockholders will experience dilution in the voting power of their common stock.

Provisions of our Debentures could discourage an acquisition of us by a third-party.

Certain provisions of our Debentures could make it more difficult or more expensive for a third-party to acquire us. Upon the occurrence of certain transactions constituting a “change of control” as defined in the indenture relating to our Debentures, holders of our Debentures will have the right, at their option, to convert their Debentures and thereby require us to pay the principal amount of such Debentures in cash.

Other Business Risks

Under certain circumstances, we could be responsible for certain federal and state black lung occupational disease liabilities assumed by Patriot in connection with its 2007 spin-off from us.

Patriot is responsible for certain federal and state black lung occupational disease liabilities, which are expected to be less than $150 million, as well as related credit capacity in support of these liabilities. Should Patriot not fund these obligations as they become due, we could be responsible for such costs when incurred.

23

Table of Contents

Our expenditures for postretirement benefit and pension obligations could be materially higher than we have predicted if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect.

We provide postretirement health and life insurance benefits to eligible union and non-union employees. We calculated the total accumulated postretirement benefit obligation, which was a liability of 
$1,121.5 million
 as of December 31, 2011, 
$68.4 million
 of which was a current liability. Net pension liabilities were 
$194.0 million
 as of December 31, 2011, 
$1.7 million
 of which was a current liability.

These liabilities are actuarially determined and we use various actuarial assumptions, including the discount rate and future cost trends, to estimate the costs and obligations for these items. Our discount rate is determined by utilizing a hypothetical bond portfolio model which approximates the future cash flows necessary to service our liabilities. We have made assumptions related to future trends for medical care costs in the estimates of retiree health care and work-related injuries and illnesses obligations. Our medical trend assumption is developed by annually examining the historical trend of our cost per claim data. In addition, we make assumptions related to rates of return on plan assets in the estimates of pension obligations. If our assumptions do not materialize as expected, actual cash expenditures and costs that we incur could differ materially from our current estimates. Moreover, regulatory changes or changes in medical benefits provided by the government could increase our obligation to satisfy these or additional obligations. In addition, a decrease in the discount rate used to determine pension obligations could result in an increase in the valuation of pension obligations, which could affect the reported funding status of our pension plans and future contributions, as well as the periodic pension cost in subsequent fiscal years. If we experience poor financial performance in asset markets in future years, we may be required to increase contributions.

Concerns about the environmental impacts of coal combustion, including perceived impacts on global climate issues, are resulting in increased regulation of coal combustion in many jurisdictions, and interest in further regulation, which could significantly affect demand for our products.

Global climate issues continue to attract public and scientific attention. Numerous reports, such as the Fourth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, have also engendered concern about the impacts of human activity, especially fossil fuel combustion, on global climate issues. In turn, increasing government attention is being paid to global climate issues and to emissions of what are commonly referred to as greenhouse gases, including emissions of carbon dioxide from coal combustion by power plants.

Enactment of laws or passage of regulations regarding emissions from the combustion of coal by the U.S. or some of its states or by other countries, or other actions to limit such emissions, could result in electricity generators switching from coal to other fuel sources. The potential financial impact on us of future laws or regulations will depend upon the degree to which any such laws or regulations force electricity generators to diminish their reliance on coal as a fuel source. That, in turn, will depend on a number of factors, including the specific requirements imposed by any such laws or regulations, the time periods over which those laws or regulations would be phased in, the state of commercial development and deployment of CCS technologies. In view of the significant uncertainty surrounding each of these factors, it is not possible for us to reasonably predict the impact that any such laws or regulations may have on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.

Our certificate of incorporation and by-laws include provisions that may discourage a takeover attempt.

Provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even if doing so might be beneficial to our stockholders. Provisions of our by-laws and certificate of incorporation impose various procedural and other requirements that could make it more difficult for stockholders to effect certain corporate actions. For example, a change in control of our Company may be delayed or deterred as a result of the stockholders’ rights plan adopted by our Board of Directors. These provisions could limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock and may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control.

Diversity in interpretation and application of accounting literature in the mining industry may impact our reported financial results.

The mining industry has limited industry-specific accounting literature and, as a result, we understand diversity in practice exists in the interpretation and application of accounting literature to mining specific issues. As diversity in mining industry accounting is addressed, we may need to restate our reported results if the resulting interpretations differ from our current accounting practices.

24

Table of Contents