.

 The following risk factors relate specifically to the risks
 associated with our continuing operations.

 Risks
 Associated with Our Operations

 The
 global economic recession and disruptions in the financial
 markets, and their impact on us, are uncertain.

 The magnitude and pace of recovery from the global economic
 recession and the worldwide financial and credit market
 disruptions is uncertain. We are focused on strong cost control
 and productivity improvements, increased contributions from our
 high-margin operations, and exercising tight capital discipline.
 However, there can be no assurance that these actions, or any
 others that we may take in response to further deterioration in
 economic and financial conditions, will be sufficient. A return
 to the global recession or further disruptions in the financial
 markets could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition or results of operations.

 A
 decline in coal prices could negatively affect our
 profitability.

 Our profitability depends upon the prices we receive for our
 coal. Coal prices are dependent upon factors beyond our control,
 including:

 • 

 the demand for electricity and the strength of the global
 economy;

 • 

 the demand for steel, which may lead to price fluctuations in
 the annual repricing of our metallurgical coal contracts;

 • 

 the supply of U.S. domestic and international thermal and
 metallurgical coal;

 • 

 competition within our industry and the availability and price
 of alternative fuels and energy sources;

 • 

 the proximity, capacity and cost of transportation;

 17

Table of Contents

 • 

 coal industry capacity;

 • 

 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes,
 including those establishing air emission standards for
 coal-fueled power plants;

 • 

 regulatory, administrative and judicial decisions, including
 those affecting future mining permits; and

 • 

 technological developments, including those intended to convert
 coal to liquids or gas and those aimed at capturing and storing
 carbon dioxide.

 As of January 26, 2010, we are fully contracted for 2010 at
 planned production levels in the U.S. and have 4.5 to
 5.5 million tons of Australian metallurgical coal and 6.5
 to 7.0 million tons of Australian thermal coal available to
 price. If we experience a weak coal pricing environment
 resulting in a deterioration of coal prices, we could experience
 an adverse effect on our revenues and profitability.

 If a
 substantial number of our long-term coal supply agreements
 terminate, our revenues and operating profits could suffer if we
 are unable to find alternate buyers willing to purchase our coal
 on comparable terms to those in our contracts.

 Most of our sales are made under coal supply agreements, which
 are important to the stability and profitability of our
 operations. The execution of a satisfactory coal supply
 agreement is frequently the basis on which we undertake the
 development of coal reserves required to be supplied under the
 contract, particularly in the U.S. In 2009, 93% of our
 worldwide sales volume was sold under long-term coal supply
 agreements. At January 31, 2010, our sales backlog,
 including backlog subject to price reopener
 and/or
 extension provisions, was over one billion tons, representing
 nearly five years of current production in backlog. Contracts in
 backlog have remaining terms ranging from one to 17 years.

 Many of our coal supply agreements contain provisions that
 permit the parties to adjust the contract price upward or
 downward at specified times. We may adjust these contract prices
 based on inflation or deflation
 and/or
 changes in the factors affecting the cost of producing coal,
 such as taxes, fees, royalties and changes in the laws
 regulating the mining, production, sale or use of coal. In a
 limited number of contracts, failure of the parties to agree on
 a price under those provisions may allow either party to
 terminate the contract. We sometimes experience a reduction in
 coal prices in new long-term coal supply agreements replacing
 some of our expiring contracts. Coal supply agreements also
 typically contain force majeure provisions allowing temporary
 suspension of performance by us or the customer during the
 duration of specified events beyond the control of the affected
 party. Most coal supply agreements contain provisions requiring
 us to deliver coal meeting quality thresholds for certain
 characteristics such as Btu, sulfur content, ash content,
 grindability and ash fusion temperature. Failure to meet these
 specifications could result in economic penalties, including
 price adjustments, the rejection of deliveries or termination of
 the contracts. Moreover, some of these agreements permit the
 customer to terminate the contract if transportation costs,
 which our customers typically bear, increase substantially. In
 addition, some of these contracts allow our customers to
 terminate their contracts in the event of changes in regulations
 affecting our industry that restricts the use or type of coal
 permissible at the customer’s plant or increase the price
 of coal beyond specified limits.

 The operating profits we realize from coal sold under supply
 agreements depend on a variety of factors. In addition, price
 adjustment and other provisions may increase our exposure to
 short-term coal price volatility provided by those contracts. If
 a substantial portion of our coal supply agreements were
 modified or terminated, we could be materially adversely
 affected to the extent that we are unable to find alternate
 buyers for our coal at the same level of profitability. Market
 prices for coal vary by mining region and country. As a result,
 we cannot predict the future strength of the coal market overall
 or by mining region and cannot assure you that we will be able
 to replace existing long-term coal supply agreements at the same
 prices or with similar profit margins when they expire.

 18

Table of Contents

 The
 loss of, or significant reduction in, purchases by our largest
 customers could adversely affect our revenues.

 In 2009, we derived 28% of our total coal sales revenues from
 our five largest customers (excluding trading transactions). At
 December 31, 2009, we had 79 coal supply agreements with
 these customers expiring at various times from 2010 to 2016. We
 are currently discussing the extension of existing agreements or
 entering into new long-term agreements with some of these
 customers, but these negotiations may not be successful and
 those customers may not continue to purchase coal from us under
 long-term coal supply agreements. If a number of these customers
 significantly reduce their purchases of coal from us, or if we
 are unable to sell coal to them on terms as favorable to us as
 the terms under our current agreements, our financial condition
 and results of operations could suffer materially. In addition,
 our revenue could be adversely affected by a decline in customer
 purchases due to lack of demand, cost of competing fuels and
 environmental regulations.

 Our
 ability to collect payments from our customers could be impaired
 if their creditworthiness deteriorates.

 Our ability to receive payment for coal sold and delivered or
 for financially settled contracts depends on the continued
 creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties. Our
 customer base has changed with deregulation as utilities have
 sold their power plants to their non-regulated affiliates or
 third parties. These new power plant owners or other customers
 may have credit ratings that are below investment grade. If
 deterioration of the creditworthiness of our customers occurs,
 our $275.0 million accounts receivable securitization
 program and our business could be adversely affected.

 Risks
 inherent to mining could increase the cost of operating our
 business.

 Our mining operations are subject to conditions that can impact
 the safety of our workforce, or delay coal deliveries or
 increase the cost of mining at particular mines for varying
 lengths of time. These conditions include fires and explosions
 from methane gas or coal dust; accidental minewater discharges;
 weather, flooding and natural disasters; unexpected maintenance
 problems; key equipment failures; variations in coal seam
 thickness; variations in the amount of rock and soil overlying
 the coal deposit; variations in rock and other natural
 materials; and variations in geologic conditions. We maintain
 insurance policies that provide limited coverage for some of
 these risks, although there can be no assurance that these risks
 would be fully covered by our insurance policies. Despite our
 efforts, significant mine accidents could occur and have a
 substantial impact on our results of operations, financial
 condition or cash flows.

 If
 transportation for our coal becomes unavailable or uneconomic
 for our customers, our ability to sell coal could
 suffer.

 Transportation costs represent a significant portion of the
 total cost of coal and the cost of transportation is a critical
 factor in a customer’s purchasing decision. Increases in
 transportation costs and the lack of sufficient rail and port
 capacity could lead to reduced coal sales. As of
 December 31, 2009, certain coal supply agreements permit
 the customer to terminate the contract if the cost of
 transportation increases by an amount over specified levels in
 any given
 12-month
 period.

 We depend upon rail, barge, trucking, overland conveyor and
 ocean-going vessels to deliver coal to markets. While our coal
 customers typically arrange and pay for transportation of coal
 from the mine or port to the point of use, disruption of these
 transportation services because of weather-related problems,
 infrastructure damage, strikes, lock-outs, lack of fuel or
 maintenance items, underperformance of the port and rail
 infrastructure, congestion and balancing systems which are
 imposed to manage vessel queuing and demurrage, transportation
 delays or other events could temporarily impair our ability to
 supply coal to our customers and thus could adversely affect our
 results of operations.

 19

Table of Contents

 A
 decrease in the availability or increase in costs of key
 supplies, capital equipment or commodities such as diesel fuel,
 steel, explosives and tires could decrease our anticipated
 profitability.

 Our mining operations require a reliable supply of mining
 equipment, replacement parts, explosives, fuel, tires,
 steel-related products (including roof control) and lubricants.
 Recent consolidation of suppliers of explosives has limited the
 number of sources for these materials, and our current supply of
 explosives is concentrated with one supplier. Further, our
 purchases of some items of underground mining equipment are
 concentrated with one principal supplier. If the cost of any of
 these inputs increased significantly, or if a source for these
 supplies or mining equipment were unavailable to meet our
 replacement demands, our profitability could be reduced.

 An
 inability of trading, brokerage, mining or freight sources to
 fulfill the delivery terms of their contracts with us could
 reduce our profitability.

 In conducting our trading, brokerage and mining operations, we
 utilize third-party sources of coal production and
 transportation, including contract miners and brokerage sources,
 to fulfill deliveries under our coal supply agreements. In
 Australia, the majority of our volume comes from mines that
 utilize contract miners. Employee relations at mines that use
 contract miners is the responsibility of the contractor.

 Our profitability or exposure to loss on transactions or
 relationships is dependent upon the reliability (including
 financial viability) and price of the third-party suppliers, our
 obligation to supply coal to customers in the event that adverse
 geologic mining conditions restrict deliveries from our
 suppliers, our willingness to participate in temporary cost
 increases experienced by our third-party coal suppliers, our
 ability to pass on temporary cost increases to our customers,
 the ability to substitute, when economical, third-party coal
 sources with internal production or coal purchased in the market
 and the ability of our freight sources to fulfill their delivery
 obligations. Market volatility and price increases for coal or
 freight on the international and domestic markets could result
 in non-performance by third-party suppliers under existing
 contracts with us, in order to take advantage of the higher
 prices in the current market. Such non-performance could have an
 adverse impact on our ability to fulfill deliveries under our
 coal supply agreements.

 Our
 hedging activities may expose us to earnings volatility and
 other risks.

 We enter into hedging arrangements designed primarily to manage
 our exposure to explosives, diesel fuel, foreign currency and
 interest rate fluctuations. Generally, we attempt to designate
 hedging arrangements as cash flow hedges with gains or losses
 recorded as a separate component of stockholders’ equity
 until the hedged transaction occurs (or until hedge
 ineffectiveness is determined). While we utilize a variety of
 risk monitoring and mitigation strategies, those strategies
 require judgment and they cannot anticipate every potential
 outcome or the timing of such outcomes. As such, there is
 potential for these hedges to no longer qualify for hedge
 accounting. If that were to happen, we will be required to
 recognize the mark to market movements through current year
 earnings, possibly resulting in increased volatility in our
 income in future periods.

 Additionally, some of our hedging arrangements require us to
 post margin based on the value of those hedging arrangements and
 other credit factors. If our credit is downgraded, the fair
 value of our hedge positions move significantly, or laws or
 regulations are passed requiring all hedge arrangements to be
 exchange-traded or exchange-cleared, we could be required to
 post additional margin, which could impact our liquidity.

 Our
 ability to operate our company effectively could be impaired if
 we lose key personnel or fail to attract qualified
 personnel.

 We manage our business with a number of key personnel, the loss
 of whom could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition,
 as our business develops and expands, we believe that our future
 success will depend greatly on our continued ability to attract
 and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel. We cannot
 assure you that key personnel will continue to be employed by us
 or that we will be able to attract and retain

 20

Table of Contents

 qualified personnel in the future. Failure to retain or attract
 key personnel could have a material adverse effect on us.

 We
 could be negatively affected if we fail to maintain satisfactory
 labor relations.

 As of December 31, 2009, we had approximately
 7,300 employees. Approximately 29% of our hourly employees
 were represented by unions and they generated approximately 10%
 of our 2009 coal production. Additionally, those employed
 through contract mining relationships in Australia are also
 members of unions. Relations with our employees and, where
 applicable, organized labor are important to our success. If
 some or all of our current non-union operations were to become
 unionized, we could incur an increased risk of work stoppages,
 reduced productivity and higher labor costs.

 Our
 mining operations could be adversely affected if we fail to
 appropriately secure our obligations.

 U.S. federal and state laws and Australian laws require us
 to secure certain of our obligations to reclaim lands used for
 mining, to pay federal and state workers’ compensation, to
 secure coal lease obligations and to satisfy other miscellaneous
 obligations. The primary methods for us to meet those
 obligations are to post a corporate guarantee (i.e., self bond),
 provide a third-party surety bond or provide a letter of credit.
 As of December 31, 2009, we had $821.9 million of self
 bonding in place for our reclamation obligations. As of
 December 31, 2009, we also had outstanding surety bonds
 with third parties and letters of credit of
 $1,270.3 million, of which $807.2 million was for
 post-mining reclamation, $51.7 million related to
 workers’ compensation obligations, $116.3 million was
 for coal lease obligations and $295.1 million was for other
 obligations, including collateral for surety companies and bank
 guarantees, road maintenance and performance guarantees. Surety
 bonds are typically renewable on a yearly basis. Surety bond
 issuers and holders may not continue to renew the bonds or may
 demand additional collateral upon those renewals. Letters of
 credit are subject to our successful renewal of our Senior
 Unsecured Credit Facility, which expires in 2011. Our failure to
 maintain, or inability to acquire, surety bonds or letters of
 credit or to provide a suitable alternative would have a
 material adverse effect on us. That failure could result from a
 variety of factors including the following:

 • 

 lack of availability, higher expense or unfavorable market terms
 of new surety bonds;

 • 

 restrictions on the availability of collateral for current and
 future third-party surety bond issuers under the terms of our
 indentures or Senior Unsecured Credit Facility;

 • 

 the exercise by third-party surety bond issuers of their right
 to refuse to renew the surety; and

 • 

 inability to renew our credit facility.

 Our ability to self bond reduces our costs of providing
 financial assurances. To the extent we are unable to maintain
 our current level of self bonding, due to legislative or
 regulatory changes or changes in our financial condition, our
 costs would increase.

 Our
 mining operations are extensively regulated, which imposes
 significant costs on us, and future regulations and developments
 could increase those costs or limit our ability to produce
 coal.

 Federal, state and local authorities regulate the coal mining
 industry with respect to matters such as employee health and
 safety, permitting and licensing requirements, air quality
 standards, water pollution, plant and wildlife protection,
 reclamation and restoration of mining properties after mining is
 completed, the discharge of materials into the environment,
 surface subsidence from underground mining and the effects that
 mining has on groundwater quality and availability. Numerous
 governmental permits and approvals are required for mining
 operations. We are required to prepare and present to federal,
 state and local authorities data pertaining to the effect that
 any proposed exploration for or production of coal may have upon
 the environment. The public, including non-governmental
 organizations, opposition groups and individuals, have statutory
 rights to comment upon and submit objections to requested
 permits and approvals. The costs, liabilities and requirements
 associated with these regulations may be costly and
 time-consuming and may delay commencement or continuation of
 exploration or production.

 21

Table of Contents

 The possibility exists that new legislation
 and/or
 regulations and orders related to the environment or employee
 health and safety may be adopted and may materially adversely
 affect our mining operations, our cost structure

and/or our
 customers’ ability to use coal. New legislation or
 administrative regulations (or judicial interpretations of
 existing laws and regulations), including proposals related to
 the protection of the environment or the reduction of greenhouse
 gas emissions that would further regulate and tax the coal
 industry, may also require us or our customers to change
 operations significantly or incur increased costs. Some of our
 coal supply agreements contain provisions that allow a purchaser
 to terminate its contract if legislation is passed that either
 restricts the use or type of coal permissible at the
 purchaser’s plant or results in specified increases in the
 cost of coal or its use. These factors and legislation, if
 enacted, could have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition and results of operations.

 A number of laws, including in the U.S. the CERCLA, impose
 liability relating to contamination by hazardous substances.
 Such liability may involve the costs of investigating or
 remediating contamination and damages to natural resources, as
 well as claims seeking to recover for property damage or
 personal injury caused by hazardous substances. Such liability
 may arise from conditions at formerly, as well as currently,
 owned or operated properties, and at properties to which
 hazardous substances have been sent for treatment, disposal, or
 other handling. Liability under CERCLA and similar state
 statutes is without regard to fault, and typically is joint and
 several, meaning that a person may be held responsible for more
 than its share, or even all of, the liability involved. Our
 mining operations involve some use of hazardous materials. In
 addition, we have accrued for liability arising out of
 contamination associated with Gold Fields Mining, LLC (Gold
 Fields), a dormant, non-coal-producing subsidiary of ours that
 was previously managed and owned by Hanson PLC, or with Gold
 Fields’ former affiliates. Hanson PLC, which is a
 predecessor owner of ours, transferred ownership of Gold Fields
 to us in the February 1997 spin-off of its energy business. Gold
 Fields is currently a defendant in several lawsuits and has
 received notices of several other potential claims arising out
 of lead contamination from mining and milling operations it
 conducted in northeastern Oklahoma. Gold Fields is also involved
 in investigating or remediating a number of other contaminated
 sites. See Note 20 to our consolidated financial statements
 for a description of pending legal proceedings involving Gold
 Fields.

 If the
 assumptions underlying our asset retirement obligations for
 reclamation and mine closures are materially inaccurate, our
 costs could be significantly greater than
 anticipated.

 Our asset retirement obligations primarily consist of spending
 estimates for surface land reclamation and support facilities at
 both surface and underground mines in accordance with federal
 and state reclamation laws in the U.S. and Australia as
 defined by each mining permit. These obligations are determined
 for each mine using various estimates and assumptions including,
 among other items, estimates of disturbed acreage as determined
 from engineering data, estimates of future costs to reclaim the
 disturbed acreage and the timing of these cash flows, discounted
 using a credit-adjusted, risk-free rate. Our management and
 engineers periodically review these estimates. If our
 assumptions do not materialize as expected, actual cash
 expenditures and costs that we incur could be materially
 different than currently estimated. Moreover, regulatory changes
 could increase our obligation to perform reclamation and mine
 closing activities. The resulting estimated asset retirement
 obligation could change significantly if actual amounts change
 significantly from our assumptions, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our results of operation, and financial
 condition.

 Our
 future success depends upon our ability to continue acquiring
 and developing coal reserves that are economically
 recoverable.

 Our recoverable reserves decline as we produce coal. We have not
 yet applied for the permits required or developed the mines
 necessary to use all of our reserves. Moreover, the amount of
 proven and probable coal reserves described in Item 2.