The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impact our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business including our financial performance, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected.

Risks related to our strategy

Our Charging Forward strategy may prove unsuccessful.

In 2021, we announced our strategy to aggressively grow our electrification product portfolio over time through organic investments and technology-focused acquisitions. We believe we are well positioned for the industry’s anticipated migration to EV. We are targeting revenue from products for pure electric vehicles to be over 25% of total revenue by 2025 and approximately 45% of total revenue by 2030. We believe we are on track to exceed our 2025 organic EV-related sales target and over the last two years have announced or completed five acquisitions. As discussed above, on December 6, 2022, we announced our intention to execute a tax-free spin-off of our Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments into a separate, publicly traded company. The intended separation of our Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments would be an important next step in furthering our pivot to EV and advancing our vision of a clean, energy-efficient world, while at the same time creating a new, focused company with strong financials to support the new company’s future.

We may not meet our goals due to many factors, including any of the risks identified in the paragraph that follows, failure to develop new products that our customers will purchase, and technology changes that could render our products obsolete, or the introduction of new technology to which we do not have access, among other things.

Additionally, there is no certainty that we will be able to dispose of certain internal combustion assets on favorable terms, if at all, and the disposition process is expected to consume significant management resources.

We expect to continue to pursue business ventures, acquisitions, and strategic alliances that leverage our technology capabilities and enhance our customer base, geographic representation, and scale to complement our current businesses. We regularly evaluate potential growth opportunities, some of which could be material. While we believe that such transactions are an integral part of our long-term strategy, there are risks and uncertainties related to these activities. Assessing a potential growth opportunity involves extensive due diligence. However, the amount of information we can obtain about a potential growth opportunity can be limited, and we can give no assurance that past or future business ventures, acquisitions, and strategic alliances will positively affect our financial performance or will perform as planned. Assessing a price for potential transactions is inexact, particularly in a market that generally favors sellers and attaches a high multiple or premium on technology. We may not be able to successfully assimilate or integrate companies that we have acquired or will acquire in the future, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations and general operating procedures. Failure to execute our growth strategy could adversely affect our business.

17

Table of Contents

The failure to realize the expected benefits of acquisitions and other risks associated with acquisitions could adversely affect our business.

The success of our acquisitions is dependent, in part, on our ability to realize the expected benefits from combining our businesses and businesses that we acquire. To realize these anticipated benefits, both companies must be successfully combined, which is subject to our ability to consolidate operations, corporate cultures and systems and to eliminate redundancies and costs. If we are unsuccessful in combining companies, the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. Further, there is potential for unknown or inestimable liabilities relating to the acquired businesses. In addition, the actual integration may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, which could reduce the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions.

The combination of independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process that requires significant management attention and resources. It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of our operations, the inability to maintain or increase our competitive presence, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies, difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects from the acquisition, the diversion of management’s attention to integration matters and/or difficulties in the assimilation of employees and corporate cultures. Any or all of these factors could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition and could have an adverse effect on the combined company. In addition, many of these factors are outside of our control, and any one of these factors could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and additional diversion of management’s time and energy, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may not be able to execute dispositions of assets or businesses successfully.

When we decide to dispose of assets or a business, we may have difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. We may also dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less desirable than we had anticipated. Buyers of the assets or business may from time to time agree to indemnify us for operations of such businesses after the closing. We cannot be assured that any of these indemnification provisions will fully protect us, and as a result may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may experience fewer synergies than expected, and the impact of the disposition on our financial results may be larger than projected.

After reaching an agreement for the disposition of a business, we are subject to satisfaction of pre-closing conditions as well as necessary regulatory and governmental approvals on acceptable terms, which, if not satisfied or obtained, may prevent us from completing the transaction. Such regulatory and governmental approvals may be required in jurisdictions around the world, and any delays in the timing of such approvals could materially delay or prevent the transaction.

Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are subject to periodic impairment evaluations, represent a significant portion of our total assets. An impairment charge on these assets could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

We have recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets related to acquisitions. We periodically assess these assets to determine if they are impaired. Significant negative industry or macroeconomic trends, disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets, dispositions, and market capitalization declines may impair these assets, and any of these factors may be exacerbated by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 

18

Table of Contents

We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment either annually or whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The risk of impairment to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets is higher during the early years following an acquisition. This is because the fair values of these assets align very closely with what was paid to acquire the reporting units to which these assets are assigned. As a result, the difference between the carrying value of the reporting unit and its fair value (typically referred to as “headroom”) is smaller at the time of acquisition. Until this headroom grows over time, due to business growth or lower carrying value of the reporting unit, a relatively small decrease in reporting unit fair value can trigger impairment charges. When impairment charges are triggered, they tend to be material due to the size of the assets involved. Future acquisitions could present similar risks. Any charges relating to such impairments could adversely affect our results of operations in the periods recognized.

Risks related to the intended separation of the Fuel Systems and Aftermarket Segments

The intended separation of our Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments may not be completed in accordance with the expected plans or anticipated timeline, or at all, and may not achieve the expected results.

On December 6, 2022, we announced our intention to execute a tax-free spin-off of our Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments into a separate, publicly traded company (“NewCo”). The transaction is intended to qualify as a tax-free spin-off for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We expect to complete the transaction in late 2023, subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including among others, final approval from the BorgWarner Board of Directors, filing and effectiveness of a registration statement on Form 10 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, receipt of a tax opinion, satisfactory completion of financing, completion of information and consultations processes with works councils and other employee representative bodies, as required, and receipt of necessary consents and other regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance regarding the ultimate timing of the intended transaction or that it will be completed at all. 

Unanticipated developments or changes, including but not limited to, changes in the general or financial market conditions, possible delays in obtaining various regulatory and tax approvals, changes in the law, and challenges in executing the intended separation, could delay or prevent the completion of the spin-off, or cause the spin-off to occur on terms or conditions that are different or less favorable than initially expected. These or other developments could cause us not to realize some or all of the expected benefits of the spin-off or to realize them on a different timeline than expected. If the spin-off does not occur, we could pursue other transactions involving our Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments, including a potential sale.

The spin-off may not achieve the anticipated benefits and may expose us to additional risks. 

We may not realize the anticipated strategic, financial, operational or other benefits of the spin-off. We cannot predict with certainty when the benefits expected from the spin-off will occur or the extent to which they will be achieved. There is no assurance that following the spin-off each separate company will be successful. Whether or not the spin-off is completed, we may face material challenges in connection with the intended separation, including but not limited to, the diversion of management time on matters relating to the spin-off; the impact of having to operate under the terms of any transition service agreements; the impact on our ability to retain talent; and potential impacts on our relationships with customers, suppliers, employees and other counterparties. In addition, we will incur one-time costs and ongoing costs in connection with, or as a result of, the spin-off, including costs of operating as independent, publicly-traded companies that the separate businesses will no longer be able to share. Those costs may exceed our estimates or could negate some of the benefits we expect to realize. Further, while it is intended that the transaction will be tax-free to the Company’s stockholders for U.S. 

19

Table of Contents

federal income tax purposes, there is no assurance that the transaction will qualify for this treatment. If the spin-off is ultimately determined to be taxable, either the Company, NewCo, or the Company’s stockholders could incur income tax liabilities that could be significant. If we do not realize the anticipated benefits of the spin-off it could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Following the intended separation of our Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments, the trading price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly.

We cannot predict whether the market value of our common stock after the intended separation will be, in the aggregate, less than, equal to or greater than the market value of our common stock prior to the separation. The trading price of our common stock may be more volatile around the time of the intended separation.

Risks related to our industry

Conditions in the automotive industry may adversely affect our business.

Our financial performance depends on conditions in the global automotive industry. Automotive and truck production and sales are cyclical and sensitive to general economic conditions and other factors including interest rates, consumer credit, and consumer spending and preferences. Economic declines that result in significant reduction in automotive or truck production would have an adverse effect on our sales to OEMs.

We face strong competition.

We compete globally with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. Price, quality, delivery, technological innovation, engineering development and program launch support are the primary elements of competition. Our competitors include vertically integrated units of our major OEM customers, as well as a large number of independent domestic and international suppliers. Additionally, our competitors include start-ups that may be well funded, with the result that they could have more operational and financial flexibility than we have. A number of our competitors are larger than we are, and some competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. Although OEMs have indicated that they will continue to rely on outside suppliers, a number of major OEM customers manufacture products for their own uses that directly compete with our products. These OEMs could elect to manufacture such products for their own uses in place of the products we currently supply. Our traditional OEM customers, faced with intense international competition, have continued to expand their global sourcing of components. As a result, we have experienced competition from suppliers in other parts of the world that enjoy economic advantages, such as lower labor costs, lower health care costs, lower tax rates and, in some cases, export or raw materials subsidies. Increased competition could adversely affect our business. In addition, any of our competitors may foresee the course of market development more accurately than we do, develop products that are superior to our products, produce similar products at a cost that is lower than our cost, or adapt more quickly than we do to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. As a result, our products may not be able to compete successfully with our competitors' products, and we may not be able to meet the growing demands of customers. These trends may adversely affect our sales as well as the profit margins on our products.

If we do not respond appropriately, the evolution of the automotive industry could adversely affect our business.

The automotive industry is increasingly focused on improved vehicle efficiency and reduced emissions, including the development of hybrid and electric vehicles, largely as a result of changing consumer preferences and increasingly stringent global regulatory requirements related to climate change, and of 

20

Table of Contents

advanced driver assistance technologies, with the goal of developing and introducing a commercially viable, fully automated driving experience. There has also been an increase in consumer preferences for mobility on demand services, such as car and ride sharing, as opposed to automobile ownership, which may result in a long-term reduction in the number of vehicles per capita. In addition, some industry participants are exploring transportation through alternatives to automobiles. These evolving areas have also attracted increased competition from entrants outside the traditional automotive industry. While we are focused on driving growth through our ability to capitalize on certain potential trends, such as the move toward hybrid and electric vehicles, some of the focuses and trends are not part of our product line or strategy, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. If we do not continue to innovate and develop, or acquire, new and compelling products that capitalize upon new technologies in response to OEM and consumer preferences, this could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.

We may be subject to potential governmental investigations and related proceedings relating to vehicle emissions standards.

In recent years, within the automotive industry, there have been governmental investigations and related proceedings relating to alleged or actual violations of vehicle emissions standards. Alleged violations by BorgWarner of existing or future emissions standards could result in government investigations and other legal proceedings, the recall of one or more of our products, negotiated remedial actions, fines, disgorgement of profits, restricted product offerings, reputational harm or a combination of any of those items. Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. For example, as previously reported, German authorities announced a diesel defeat device investigation in 2022, which we believe is focused on two of our light vehicle OEM customers, and searched two of our facilities seeking information relating to sources of software for these OEM customers. We are cooperating with that investigation which is ongoing.

Risks related to our business

We are under substantial pressure from OEMs to reduce the prices of our products.

There is substantial and continuing pressure on OEMs to reduce costs, including costs of products we supply. OEM customers expect annual price reductions in our business. To maintain our profit margins, we seek price reductions from our suppliers, improved production processes to increase manufacturing efficiency, and streamlined product designs to reduce costs, and we attempt to develop new products, the benefits of which support stable or increased prices. Our ability to pass through increased raw material costs to our OEM customers is limited, with cost recovery often less than 100% and often on a delayed basis. Inability to reduce costs in an amount equal to annual price reductions, increases in raw material costs, and increases in employee wages and benefits could have an adverse effect on us.

We continue to face volatile costs of commodities used in the production of our products and elevated levels of inflation.

We use a variety of commodities (including aluminum, copper, nickel, plastic resins, steel, other raw materials and energy) and materials purchased in various forms such as castings, powder metal, forgings, stampings and bar stock. Beginning in 2021, we have experienced price increases for base metals (e.g., steel, aluminum and nickel), precious metals (e.g., palladium) and raw materials that are primarily used in batteries for electric vehicles (e.g., lithium and cobalt). Increasing commodity costs negatively impact our operating margins and results. We have sought to alleviate the impact of increasing costs by including a material pass-through provision in our customer contracts wherever possible and by selectively hedging certain commodity exposures. The discontinuation or lessening of our ability to pass through or hedge increasing commodity costs could adversely affect our business.

21

Table of Contents

From time to time, commodity prices may also fall rapidly. If this happens, suppliers may withdraw capacity from the market until prices improve which may cause periodic supply interruptions. The same may be true of transportation carriers and energy providers. If these supply interruptions occur, it could adversely affect our business.

In addition, during 2022, many global economies, including the United States, experienced elevated levels of inflation more generally, which drove an increase in input costs. Following non-contractual negotiations, we reached cost-recovery agreements with various customers in 2022, but these agreements did not enable us to recover 100 percent of our increased costs, and as a result, our operating margins were negatively impacted. While we will continue to negotiate the pass through and recovery of higher costs with our customers, continued increasing levels of inflation could adversely affect our business.

Changes in U.S. administrative policy, including changes to existing trade agreements and any resulting changes in international trade relations, may have an adverse effect on us. 

The United States has maintained tariffs on certain imported steel, aluminum and items originating from China. These tariffs have increased the cost of raw materials and components we purchase. The imposition of tariffs by the United States has resulted in retaliatory tariffs from a number of countries, including China, which increase the cost of products we sell. If the U.S. or other countries impose additional tariffs, that will have a further adverse impact on us.

We use important intellectual property in our business. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property or if a third party makes assertions against us or our customers relating to intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected. 

We own important intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets and are involved in numerous licensing arrangements. Our intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining our competitive position in a number of the markets that we serve. Our competitors may develop technologies that are similar or superior to our proprietary technologies or design around the patents we own or license. Further, as we expand our operations in jurisdictions where the enforcement of intellectual property rights is less robust, the risk of others duplicating our proprietary technologies increases, despite efforts we undertake to protect them. Our inability to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights or claims that we are infringing intellectual property rights of others could adversely affect our business and our competitive position.

We are subject to business continuity risks associated with increasing centralization of our information technology (“IT”) systems.

To improve efficiency and reduce costs, we have regionally centralized the information systems that support our business processes such as invoicing, payroll, and general management operations. If the centralized systems are disrupted or disabled, key business processes could be interrupted, which could adversely affect our business.

A failure of or disruption in our information technology infrastructure, including a disruption related to cybersecurity, could adversely impact our business and operations. 

We rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our IT systems and infrastructure. IT systems are vulnerable to disruptions, including those resulting from natural disasters, cyber-attacks or failures in third-party provided services. Disruptions and attacks on our IT systems pose a risk to the security of our systems and our ability to protect our networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of information and data and that of third parties, including our employees. Some cyber-attacks depend on human error or manipulation, including phishing attacks or schemes that use social engineering to gain access to systems or carry out disbursement of funds or other frauds, which raise the risks from such 

22

Table of Contents

events and the costs associated with protecting against such attacks. Although we have implemented security policies, processes, and layers of defense designed to help identify and protect against intentional and unintentional misappropriation or corruption of our systems and information, and disruptions of our operations, we have been, and likely will continue to be, subjected to such attacks or disruptions. Future attacks or disruptions could potentially lead to the inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, including our intellectual property, improper use of our systems and networks, access to and manipulation and destruction of our or third-party data, production downtimes, lost revenues, inappropriate disbursement of funds and both internal and external supply shortages. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by such attacks or disruptions in the future. These consequences could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our customers and suppliers, lead to claims against us and ultimately adversely affect our business.

Our business success depends on attracting and retaining qualified personnel.

Our ability to sustain and grow our business requires us to hire, retain and develop a highly skilled and diverse management team and workforce worldwide. In particular, any unplanned turnover or inability to attract and retain key employees and employees with engineering, technical and software capabilities in numbers sufficient for our needs could adversely affect our business.

Our profitability and results of operations may be adversely affected by program launch difficulties.

The launch of new business is a complex process, the success of which depends on a wide range of factors, including the production readiness of our manufacturing facilities and manufacturing processes and those of our suppliers, as well as factors related to tooling, equipment, employees, initial product quality and other factors. Our failure to successfully launch new business, or our inability to accurately estimate the cost to design, develop and launch new business, could have an adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations.

To the extent we are not able to successfully launch new business, vehicle production at our customers could be significantly delayed or shut down. Such situations could result in significant financial penalties to us or a diversion of personnel and financial resources to improving launches rather than investment in continuous process improvement or other growth initiatives and could result in our customers shifting work away from us to a competitor, all of which could result in loss of revenue or loss of market share and could have an adverse effect on our profitability and cash flows.

Part of our workforce is unionized which could subject us to work stoppages.

As of December 31, 2022, approximately 13% of our U.S. workforce was unionized. We have a domestic collective bargaining agreement for one facility in New York, which expires in September 2024. The workforce at certain of our international facilities is also unionized. A prolonged dispute with our employees could have an adverse effect on our business.

Work stoppages, production shutdowns and similar events could significantly disrupt our business.

Because the automotive industry relies heavily on just-in-time delivery of components during the assembly and manufacture of vehicles, a work stoppage or production shutdown at one or more of our manufacturing and assembly facilities could have adverse effects on our business. Similarly, if one or more of our customers were to experience a work stoppage or production shutdown, that customer would likely halt or limit purchases of our products, which could result in the shutdown of the related manufacturing facilities. A significant disruption in the supply of a key component due to supply 

23

Table of Contents

constraints, such as the constraints experienced in 2021 and 2022 related to semiconductor chips, or due to a work stoppage or production shutdown at one of our suppliers or any other supplier could have the same consequences and, accordingly, have an adverse effect on our financial results.

Changes in interest rates and asset returns could increase our pension funding obligations and reduce our profitability.

We have unfunded obligations under certain of our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. The valuation of our future payment obligations under the plans and the related plan assets is subject to significant adverse changes if the credit and capital markets cause interest rates and projected rates of return to decline. Such declines could also require us to make significant additional contributions to our pension plans in the future. Additionally, a material deterioration in the funded status of the plans could significantly increase our pension expenses and reduce profitability in the future.

We also sponsor post-employment medical benefit plans in the U.S. that are unfunded. If medical costs continue to increase or actuarial assumptions are modified, this could have an adverse effect on our business. 

We are subject to extensive environmental regulations that are subject to change and involve significant risks.

Our operations are subject to laws governing, among other things, emissions to air, discharges to waters, and the generation, management, transportation and disposal of waste and other materials. The operation of automotive parts manufacturing plants entails risks in these areas, and we cannot assure that we will not incur material costs or liabilities as a result. Through various acquisitions over the years, we have acquired a number of manufacturing facilities, and we cannot assure that we will not incur material costs and liabilities relating to activities that predate our ownership. In addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required to comply with evolving interpretations of existing environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or any new such laws and regulations (including concerns about global climate change and its impact) that may be adopted in the future. Costs associated with failure to comply with such laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business.

Our operations may be affected by greenhouse emissions and climate change and related regulations.

Climate change is receiving increasing attention worldwide, which has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions. Our manufacturing plants use energy, including electricity and natural gas, and certain of our plants emit amounts of greenhouse gas that may be affected by these legislative and regulatory efforts. Greenhouse gas regulation could increase the price of the electricity we purchase, increase costs for use of natural gas, potentially restrict access to or the use of natural gas, require us to purchase allowances to offset our own emissions or result in an overall increase in costs of raw materials, any one of which could increase our costs, reduce competitiveness in a global economy or otherwise negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. Many of our suppliers face similar circumstances. Supply disruptions would raise market rates and jeopardize the continuity of production and could have an adverse effect on our financial results. 

Climate changes could also disrupt our operations by impacting the availability and cost of materials within our supply chain, and could also increase insurance and other operating costs. These factors may impact our decisions to construct new facilities.

24

Table of Contents

We have liabilities related to environmental, product warranties, litigation and other claims.

We and certain of our current and former direct and indirect corporate predecessors, subsidiaries and divisions have been identified by the United States Environmental Protection Agency and certain state environmental agencies and private parties as potentially responsible parties at various hazardous waste disposal sites under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and equivalent state laws, and, as such, may be liable for the cost of clean-up and other remedial activities at such sites. While responsibility for clean-up and other remedial activities at such sites is typically shared among potentially responsible parties based on an allocation formula, we could have greater liability under applicable statutes. Refer to Note 21, “Contingencies,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements in item 8 of this report for further discussion.

We provide product warranties to our customers for some of our products. Under these product warranties, we may be required to bear costs and expenses for the repair or replacement of these products. As suppliers become more integrally involved in the vehicle design process and assume more of the vehicle assembly functions, auto manufacturers are increasingly looking to their suppliers for contribution when faced with recalls and product warranty claims. A recall claim brought against us, or a product warranty claim brought against us, could adversely impact our results of operations. In addition, a recall claim could require us to review our entire product portfolio to assess whether similar issues are present in other product lines, which could result in significant disruption to our business and could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. We cannot assure that costs and expenses associated with these product warranties will not be material or that those costs will not exceed any amounts accrued for such product warranties in our financial statements.

We are currently, and may in the future become, subject to legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes. These claims typically arise in the normal course of business and may include, but not be limited to, commercial or contractual disputes with our customers and suppliers, intellectual property matters, personal injury, product liability, environmental and employment claims. There is a possibility that such claims may have an adverse impact on our business that is greater than we anticipate. While we maintain insurance for certain risks, the amount of insurance may not be adequate to cover all insured claims and liabilities. The incurrence of significant liabilities for which there is no, or insufficient, insurance coverage could adversely affect our business.

Compliance with and changes in laws could be costly and could affect our operating results. 

We have operations in multiple countries that can be impacted by expected and unexpected changes in the legal and business environments in which we operate. Compliance-related issues in certain countries associated with laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws could adversely affect our business. We have internal policies and procedures relating to compliance with such laws; however, there is a risk that such policies and procedures will not always protect us from the improper acts of employees, agents, business partners, joint venture partners, or representatives, particularly in the case of recently acquired operations that may not have significant training in applicable compliance policies and procedures. Violations of these laws, which are complex, may result in criminal penalties, sanctions and/or fines that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and reputation.

Changes that could impact the legal environment include new legislation, new regulations, new policies, investigations and legal proceedings, and new interpretations of existing legal rules and regulations, in particular, changes in import and export control laws or exchange control laws, additional restrictions on doing business in countries subject to sanctions, additional limitations on greenhouse gas emissions or other matters related to climate change and other changes in laws in countries where we operate or intend to operate.

25

Table of Contents

Changes in tax laws or tax rates taken by taxing authorities and tax audits could adversely affect our business.

Changes in tax laws or tax rates, the resolution of tax assessments or audits by various tax authorities, and the inability to fully utilize our tax loss carryforwards and tax credits could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we may periodically restructure our legal entity organization.

If taxing authorities were to disagree with our tax positions in connection with any such restructurings, our effective tax rate could be materially affected. Our tax filings for various periods are subject to audit by the tax authorities in most jurisdictions where we conduct business. We have received tax assessments from various taxing authorities and are currently at varying stages of appeals and/or litigation regarding these matters. These audits may result in assessment of additional taxes that are resolved with the authorities or through the courts. We believe these assessments may occasionally be based on erroneous and even arbitrary interpretations of local tax law. Resolution of any tax matters involves uncertainties, and there are no assurances that the outcomes will be favorable.

We are subject to risks related to our international operations.

We have manufacturing and technical facilities in many regions including Europe, Asia, and the Americas. For 2022, approximately 81% of our consolidated net sales were outside the U.S. Consequently, our results could be affected by changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies, trade restrictions or prohibitions, import or other charges or taxes, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, limitations on the repatriation of funds, changing economic conditions, unreliable intellectual property protection and legal systems, insufficient infrastructures, social unrest, political instability and disputes, international terrorism and other factors that may be discrete to a particular country or geography. Compliance with multiple and potentially conflicting laws and regulations of various countries is challenging, burdensome and expensive.

The financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are translated to U.S. Dollars using the period-end exchange rate for assets and liabilities and an average exchange rate for each period for revenues, expenses and capital expenditures. The local currency is typically the functional currency for our foreign subsidiaries. Significant foreign currency fluctuations and the associated translation of those foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars could adversely affect our business. Additionally, significant changes in currency exchange rates, particularly the Euro, Korean Won and Chinese Renminbi, could cause fluctuations in the reported results of our businesses’ operations that could negatively affect our results of operations.

Because we are a U.S. holding company, one significant source of our funds is distributions from our non-U.S. subsidiaries. Certain countries in which we operate have adopted or could institute currency exchange controls that limit or prohibit our non-U.S. subsidiaries' ability to convert local currency into U.S. Dollars or to make payments outside the country. This could subject us to the risks of local currency devaluation and business disruption.

Our business in China is subject to aggressive competition and is sensitive to economic, political, and market conditions.

Maintaining a strong position in the Chinese market is a key component of our global growth strategy. The automotive supply market in China is highly competitive, with competition from many of the largest global manufacturers and numerous smaller domestic manufacturers. As the Chinese market evolves, we anticipate that market participants will act aggressively to increase or maintain their market share. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced margins and our inability to gain or hold market share. In addition, our business in China is sensitive to economic, political, social and market conditions that drive sales volumes in China. If we are unable to maintain our position in the Chinese 

26

Table of Contents

market or if vehicle sales in China decrease, our business and financial results could be adversely affected.

A downgrade in the ratings of our debt could restrict our ability to access the debt capital markets.

Changes in the ratings that rating agencies assign to our debt may ultimately impact our access to the debt capital markets and the costs we incur to borrow funds. If ratings for our debt fall below investment grade, our access to the debt capital markets could become restricted and our cost of borrowing or the interest rate for any subsequently issued debt would likely increase.

Our revolving credit agreement includes an increase in interest rates if the ratings for our debt are downgraded. The interest cost on our revolving credit agreement is based on a rating grid. Further, an increase in the level of our indebtedness and related interest costs may increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions and may affect our ability to obtain additional financing.

We could incur additional restructuring charges as we continue to execute actions in an effort to improve future profitability and competitiveness and to optimize our product portfolio and may not achieve the anticipated savings and benefits from these actions.

We have initiated and may continue to initiate restructuring actions designed to improve the competitiveness of our business and sustain our margin profile, optimize our product portfolio or create an optimal legal entity structure. We may not realize anticipated savings or benefits from past or future actions in full or in part or within the time periods we expect. We are also subject to the risks of labor unrest, negative publicity and business disruption in connection with our actions. Failure to realize anticipated savings or benefits from our actions could have an adverse effect on our business.

Risks related to our customers

We rely on sales to major customers.

We rely on sales to OEMs around the world of varying credit quality and manufacturing demands. Supply to several of these customers requires significant investment by us. We base our growth projections, in part, on commitments made by our customers. These commitments generally renew yearly during a program life cycle. Among other things, the level of production orders we receive is dependent on the ability of our OEM customers to design and sell products that consumers desire to purchase. If actual production orders from our customers do not approximate such commitments due to a variety of factors including non-renewal of purchase orders, a customer's financial hardship or other unforeseen reasons, it could adversely affect our business.

Some of our sales are concentrated. Our worldwide sales in 2022 to Ford and Volkswagen constituted approximately 13% and 8% of our 2022 consolidated net sales, respectively. Sales to the Company’s top ten customers represented 62% of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022.   

27

Table of Contents

We are sensitive to the effects of our major customers’ labor relations.

All three of our primary North American customers, Ford, Stellantis, and General Motors, have major union contracts with the United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America. Because of domestic OEMs’ dependence on a single union, we are affected by labor difficulties and work stoppages at OEMs’ facilities. Similarly, a majority of our global customers' operations outside of North America are also represented by various unions. Any extended work stoppage at one or more of our customers could have an adverse effect on our business.

Risks related to our suppliers

We could be adversely affected by supply shortages of components from our suppliers.

In an effort to manage and reduce the cost of purchased goods and services, we have been rationalizing our supply base. As a result, we remain dependent on fewer sources of supply for certain components used in the manufacture of our products. We select suppliers based on total value (including total landed price, quality, delivery, and technology), taking into consideration their production capacities and financial condition. We expect that they will deliver to our stated written expectations.

However, there can be no assurance that capacity limitations, industry shortages, labor or social unrest, weather emergencies, commercial disputes, government actions, riots, wars, such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in 2022, sabotage, cyber-attacks, non-conforming parts, acts of terrorism, “Acts of God,” or other problems that our suppliers experience will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of components to us. During 2021, and to a lesser extent in 2022, trailing impacts of the shutdowns and production declines related, in part, to COVID-19, created supply constraints of certain components, particularly semiconductor chips. These supply constraints have had, and are expected to continue to have, significant impacts on global industry production levels. If we experience a prolonged shortage of critical components from any of our suppliers and cannot procure the components from other sources, we may be unable to meet the production schedules for some of our key products and could miss customer delivery expectations. In addition, with fewer sources of supply for certain components, each supplier may perceive that it has greater leverage and, therefore, some ability to seek higher prices from us at a time that we face substantial pressure from OEMs to reduce the prices of our products, which could adversely affect our customer relations and business.

Suppliers’ economic distress could result in the disruption of our operations and could adversely affect our business.

Rapidly changing industry conditions such as volatile production volumes; our need to seek price reductions from our suppliers as a result of the substantial pressure we face from OEMs to reduce the prices of our products; credit tightness; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; raw material, commodity, tariffs, transportation, and energy price escalation; drastic changes in consumer preferences; and other factors could adversely affect our supply chain, and sometimes with little advance notice. These conditions could also result in increased commercial disputes and supply interruption risks. In certain instances, it would be difficult and expensive for us to change suppliers that are critical to our business. On occasion, we must provide financial support to distressed suppliers or take other measures to protect our supply lines. We cannot predict with certainty the potential adverse effects these costs might have on our business.

28

Table of Contents

We are subject to possible insolvency of financial counterparties.

We engage in numerous financial transactions and contracts including insurance policies, letters of credit, credit line agreements, financial derivatives, and investment management agreements involving various counterparties. We are subject to the risk that one or more of these counterparties may become insolvent and, therefore, be unable to meet its obligations under such contracts.

Risks related to COVID-19

We face risks related to COVID-19 that could adversely affect our business and financial performance.

The impact of COVID-19, including changes in consumer behavior, pandemic fears and market downturns, and restrictions on business and individual activities, has created significant volatility in the global economy. In 2022, COVID-19 outbreaks in certain regions caused intermittent COVID-19-related disruptions in our supply chain and local manufacturing operations. For a significant portion of the second quarter of 2022, China imposed lockdowns in many cities due to an increase in COVID-19 cases in the region, which contributed to a decline in industry production in China during the quarter.
 As a result, we experienced, and may continue to experience, delays in the production and distribution of our products and the loss of sales. If the global economic effects caused by COVID-19 continue or increase, overall customer demand may decrease, which could further adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Furthermore, COVID-19 has impacted and may further impact the broader economies of affected countries, including negatively impacting economic growth, traditional functioning of financial and capital markets, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates. 

During 2021, and to a lesser extent in 2022, trailing impacts of the shutdowns and production declines related, in part, to COVID-19 created supply constraints of certain components, particularly semiconductor chips. These supply constraints have had and are expected to continue to have significant impacts on global industry production levels. Due to the uncertainty of its duration and the timing of recovery, at this time, we are unable to predict the extent to which COVID-19, including its existing and future variants that may emerge, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frames, will depend on future developments, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of COVID-19, including variants, its severity, COVID-19 containment and treatment efforts, including the availability, efficacy, and acceptance of the vaccines and any related restrictions on travel. Furthermore, the duration, timing and severity of the impact on customer production, including any recession resulting from COVID-19, are uncertain and unpredictable. An extended period of global supply chain and economic disruption as a result of COVID-19 would have a further material negative impact on our business, results of operations, access to sources of liquidity and financial condition, although the full extent and duration are uncertain.

29

Table of Contents

Other risks

A variety of other factors could adversely affect our business.

Any of the following could materially and adversely affect our business: the loss of or changes in supply contracts or sourcing strategies of our major customers or suppliers; start-up expenses associated with new vehicle programs or delays or cancellation of such programs; low levels of utilization of our manufacturing facilities, which can be dependent on a single product line or customer; inability to recover engineering and tooling costs; market and financial consequences of recalls that may be required on products we supplied; delays or difficulties in new product development; the possible introduction of similar or superior technologies by others; global excess capacity and vehicle platform proliferation; and the impact of fire, flood, or other natural disasters including pandemics and quarantines.