The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impact our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business including its financial performance, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

Risks related to our industry

Conditions in the automotive industry may adversely affect our business.

Our financial performance depends on conditions in the global automotive industry. Automotive and truck production and sales are cyclical and sensitive to general economic conditions and other factors including interest rates, consumer credit, and consumer spending and preferences. Economic declines that result in significant reduction in automotive or truck production would have a material adverse affect on our sales to OEMs.

14

Table of Contents

We face strong competition.

We compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell products similar to ours. Price, quality, delivery, technological innovation, application engineering development and program launch support are the primary elements of competition. Our competitors include vertically integrated units of our major OEM customers, as well as a large number of independent domestic and international suppliers. We are not as large as a number of these companies and do not have as many financial or other resources. Although OEMs have indicated that they will continue to rely on outside suppliers, a number of our major OEM customers manufacture products for their own uses that directly compete with our products. These OEMs could elect to manufacture such products for their own uses in place of the products we currently supply. The competitive environment has changed dramatically over the past few years as our traditional U.S. OEM customers, faced with intense international competition, have expanded their worldwide sourcing of components. As a result, we have experienced competition from suppliers in other parts of the world that enjoy economic advantages, such as lower labor costs, lower health care costs, lower tax rates and, in some cases, export or raw materials subsidies. Increased competition could adversely affect our business.

Risks related to our business

We are under substantial pressure from OEMs to reduce the prices of our products.

There is substantial and continuing pressure on OEMs to reduce costs, including costs of products we supply. Annual price reductions to OEM customers appear to have become a permanent feature of our business environment. To maintain our profit margins, we seek price reductions from our suppliers, improve production processes to increase manufacturing efficiency, update product designs to reduce costs and develop new products, the benefits of which support stable or increased prices. Our ability to pass through increased raw material costs to our OEM customers is limited, with cost recovery often less than 100% and often on a delayed basis. Inability to reduce costs in an amount equal to annual price reductions, increases in raw material costs, and increases in employee wages and benefits could have an adverse effect on our business.

We continue to face highly volatile costs of commodities used in the production of our products.

The Company uses a variety of commodities (including steel, nickel, copper, aluminum, plastic resins, other raw materials and energy) and materials purchased in various forms such as castings, powder metal, forgings, stampings and bar stock. Increasing commodity costs will have an impact on our results.  We have sought to alleviate the impact of increasing costs by including a material pass-through provision in our customer contracts wherever possible and by selectively hedging certain commodity exposures. Customers frequently challenge these contractual provisions and rarely pay the full cost of any materials increases. The discontinuation of ability to pass-through or hedge increasing commodity costs would adversely affect our business. 

From time to time, commodity prices may also fall rapidly. When this happens, suppliers may withdraw capacity from the market until prices improve which may cause periodic supply interruptions. The same may be true of our transportation carriers and energy providers.

We use important intellectual property in our business. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property or if a third party makes assertions against us or our customers relating to intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected. 

We own important intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets, and are involved in numerous licensing arrangements. Our intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining our competitive position in a number of the markets that we serve. Our competitors may develop 

15

Table of Contents

technologies that are similar or superior to our proprietary technologies or design around the patents we own or license. Further, as we expand our operations in jurisdictions where the protection of intellectual property rights is less robust, the risk of others duplicating our proprietary technologies increases, despite efforts we undertake to protect them. Developments or assertions by or against us relating to intellectual property rights, and any inability to protect these rights, could materially adversely impact our business and our competitive position. 

We are subject to business continuity risks associated with increasing centralization of our information technology systems.

To improve efficiency and reduce costs, we have regionally centralized the information systems that support our business processes such as invoicing, payroll and general management operations. If the centralized systems are disrupted or disabled, key business processes could be interrupted, which could adversely affect our business.

Our business success depends on attracting and retaining qualified personnel.

Our ability to sustain and grow our business requires us to hire, retain and develop a highly skilled and diverse management team and workforce worldwide. Any unplanned turnover or inability to attract and retain key employees in numbers sufficient for our needs could adversely affect our business.

Part of our workforce is unionized which could subject us to work stoppages.

As of December 31, 2011, approximately 22% of our U.S. workforce was unionized. Our only domestic collective bargaining agreement is for our Ithaca and Cortland, New York facilities. This agreement expires in September 2012. The workforce at certain of our international facilities is also unionized. A prolonged dispute with our employees could have an adverse effect on our business.

We are impacted by the rising cost of providing retirement benefits and certain retirement benefit plans we sponsor are currently unfunded or underfunded.

We sponsor certain retirement benefit plans worldwide that are unfunded or underfunded and will require cash payments. If the performance of the assets in our funded pension plans do not meet our expectations, if medical costs continue to increase or actuarial assumptions are modified, our required cash payments may be higher than we expect.  

We are subject to extensive environmental regulations.

Our operations are subject to laws governing, among other things, emissions to air, discharges to waters and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste and other materials. The operation of automotive parts manufacturing plants entails risks in these areas, and we cannot assure you that we will not incur material costs or liabilities as a result. Through various acquisitions over the years, we have acquired a number of manufacturing facilities, and we cannot assure you that we will not incur material costs and liabilities relating to activities that predate our ownership. In addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required in order to comply with evolving environmental, health and safety laws that may be adopted in the future. Costs associated with failure to comply with environmental regulations could have an adverse effect on our business.

16

Table of Contents

We have contingent liabilities related to environmental, product warranties, regulatory matters, litigation and other claims.

We and certain of our current and former direct and indirect corporate predecessors, subsidiaries and divisions have been identified by the United States Environmental Protection Agency and certain state environmental agencies and private parties as potentially responsible parties at various hazardous waste disposal sites under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and equivalent state laws.

We provide product warranties to our customers for some of our products. Under these product warranties, we may be required to bear costs and expenses for the repair or replacement of these products. We cannot assure you that costs and expenses associated with these product warranties will not be material, or that those costs will not exceed any amounts accrued for such product warranties in our financial statements. 

We are currently, and may in the future become, subject to legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes. These claims typically arise in the normal course of business and may include, but not be limited to, commercial or contractual disputes with our suppliers, intellectual property matters, personal injury, environmental and employment claims. There is a possibility that such claims may have an adverse impact on our business that is greater than we anticipate.

Negative or unexpected tax consequences could adversely affect our business.

Adverse changes in the underlying profitability and financial outlook of our operations in several jurisdictions could lead to changes in our valuation allowances against deferred tax assets and other tax accruals that could adversely affect our financial performance.

Additionally, we are subject to tax audits by governmental authorities in the U.S. and numerous non-U.S. jurisdictions, which are inherently uncertain. Negative or unexpected results from one or more such tax audits or changes to tax laws governing the jurisdictions in which we operate could adversely affect our business.

Our growth strategy may prove unsuccessful.

We have a stated goal of increasing revenues and operating income at a rate greater than global vehicle production by increasing content per vehicle with innovative new components and through select acquisitions. We may not meet our goal because of any of the following: (a) the failure to develop new products which will be purchased by our customers; (b) technology changes rendering our products obsolete; (c) a reversal of the trend of supplying systems (which allows us to increase content per vehicle) instead of components; and (d) the failure to find suitable acquisition targets or the failure to integrate operations of acquired businesses quickly and cost affectively. Failure to execute our growth strategy could adversely affect our business.

We are subject to risks related to our international operations.

We have manufacturing and technical facilities in many regions including the Americas, Europe and Asia. For 2011, approximately 
76%
 of our sales were outside the U.S. Consequently, our results could be affected by changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies, trade restrictions or prohibitions, import or other charges or taxes, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, limitations on the repatriation of funds, changing economic conditions, unreliable intellectual property protection and legal systems, insufficient infrastructures, social unrest, political instability and disputes, and international terrorism. Compliance with multiple and potentially conflicting laws and regulations of various countries is burdensome and expensive. 

17

Table of Contents

A downgrade in the ratings of our debt could restrict our ability to access the debt capital markets.

Changes in the ratings that rating agencies assign to our debt may ultimately impact our access to the debt capital markets and the costs we incur to borrow funds. If ratings for our debt fall below investment grade, our access to the debt capital markets could become restricted. 

Additionally, our revolving credit agreement includes an increase in interest rates if the ratings for our debt are downgraded. The interest costs on our revolving credit agreement are based on a rating grid agreed to in our credit agreement. Further, an increase in the level of our indebtedness and related interest costs may increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions and may affect our ability to obtain additional financing.

Risks related to our customers

We rely on sales to major customers.

We rely on sales to OEMs around the world of varying credit quality. Supply to several of these customers requires significant investment by the Company in working capital, plant and equipment. We base our growth projections, in part, on commitments made by our customers. These commitments generally renew yearly during a program life cycle. If actual production orders from our customers do not approximate such commitments due to any of a variety of factors including non-renewal of purchase orders, the customer's financial hardship or other unforeseen reasons, it could adversely affect our business.

Furthermore, some of our sales are concentrated. Our worldwide sales in 2011 to Volkswagen and Ford constituted approximately 
19%
 and 
12%
, respectively, of our 2011 consolidated net sales.    

We are sensitive to the affects of our major customers’ labor relations.

All three of our primary North American customers, Ford, Chrysler and General Motors, have major union contracts with the United Automobile, Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America. Because of domestic OEMs' dependence on a single union, we are affected by labor difficulties and work stoppages at OEMs' facilities. Similarly, a majority of our global customers' operations outside of North America are also represented by various unions. Any extended work stoppage could have an adverse affect on our business.

Risks related to our suppliers

We could be adversely affected by supply shortages of components from our suppliers.

In an effort to manage and reduce the cost of purchased goods and services, we have been rationalizing our supply base. As a result, we are dependent on fewer sources of supply for certain components used in the manufacture of our products. The Company selects suppliers based on total value (including total landed price, quality, delivery, and technology), taking into consideration their production capacities and financial condition. We expect that they will deliver to our stated written expectations. 

However, there can be no assurance that capacity limitations, labor unrest, weather emergencies, commercial disputes, government actions, riots, wars, sabotage, non-conforming parts, acts of terrorism, “Acts of God," or other problems experienced by our suppliers will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of components to us. If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of critical components from any of our suppliers and could not procure the components from other sources, we would be unable to meet the production schedules for some of our key products and could miss customer delivery expectations. This would adversely affect our customer relations and business.

18

Table of Contents

Suppliers’ economic distress could result in the disruption of our operations and could adversely affect our business.

Rapidly changing industry conditions such as volatile production volumes; credit tightness; changes in foreign currencies; raw material, commodity, transportation, and energy price escalation; drastic changes in consumer preferences; and others could adversely affect our supply chain, and sometimes with little advanced notice. These conditions could also result in increased commercial disputes and supply interruption risks. In certain instances, it would be difficult and expensive for us to change suppliers that are critical to our business. On occasion, we must provide financial support to distressed suppliers or take other measures to protect our supply lines. While we have taken definite actions to mitigate these factors, we cannot predict with certainty the potential adverse effects these costs might have on our business. 

We are subject to possible insolvency of outsourced service providers.

The Company relies on third party service providers for administration of workers' compensation claims, health care benefits, pension benefits, stockholder and bondholder registration and similar services. These service providers contribute to the efficient conduct of the Company's business. Insolvency of one or more of these service providers could adversely affect our business.

We are subject to possible insolvency of financial counterparties.

The Company engages in numerous financial transactions and contracts including insurance policies, letters of credit, credit line agreements, financial derivatives, and investment management agreements involving various counterparties. The Company is subject to the risk that one or more of these counterparties may become insolvent and therefore be unable to discharge its obligations under such contracts.

Other risks

A variety of other factors could adversely affect our business.

Any of the following could materially and adversely affect our business: the loss of or changes in supply contracts or sourcing strategies of our major customers or suppliers; start-up expenses associated with new vehicle programs or delays or cancellation of such programs, utilization of our manufacturing facilities, which can be dependent on a single product line or customer; inability to recover engineering and tooling costs; market and financial consequences of recalls that may be required on products we supplied; delays or difficulties in new product development; the possible introduction of similar or superior technologies by others; global excess capacity and vehicle platform proliferation; and the impact of natural disasters.