Risks Related to Our Business 

Difficult market, economic and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. 

Our business is materially affected by financial market and economic conditions and events throughout the world that are outside our control. We may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to these conditions and/or events. Such conditions and/or events can adversely affect our business in many ways, including reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, reducing the value or performance of our funds’ investments and making it more difficult for our funds to exit and realize value from existing investments. This could in turn materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. In addition, in the face of a difficult market or economic environment, we may need to reduce our fixed costs and other expenses in order to maintain profitability. This may include cutting back or eliminating the use of certain services or service providers, or terminating the employment of a significant number of our personnel that, in each case, could be important to our business and without which our operating results could be adversely affected. A failure to manage or reduce our costs and other expenses within a time frame sufficient to match any decrease in profitability would adversely affect our operating performance. 

Turmoil in the global financial markets can provoke significant volatility of equity and debt securities prices. This can have a material and rapid impact on our mark-to-market
 valuations, particularly with respect to our public holdings and credit investments. As publicly traded equity securities have in recent years represented a meaningful proportion of the assets of many of our funds, stock market volatility, including a sharp decline in the stock market, may adversely affect our results, including our revenues and net income. Moreover, our public equity holdings have at times been concentrated in a few large positions, thereby making our unrealized 
mark-to-market
 valuations particularly sensitive to sharp changes in the price of any of these positions. Further, although the equity markets are not the only means by which we exit investments, periods of challenging equity markets make it more difficult for our funds to realize value from investments. 

Geopolitical concerns and other global events outside of our control have contributed and may continue to contribute to volatile global equity and debt markets. These concerns and events include, without limitation, trade conflict, civil unrest, threats to national security, and national and international security events (including war, terrorist acts or other hostilities). Geopolitical instability has been prevalent in recent years, and 2025 was a year of significant geopolitical events, including, among others, trade tensions resulting from U.S. tariff implementation and retaliatory tariffs by other countries and ongoing armed conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine. 

Additionally, the economic outlook for 2026 remains uncertain. Gradual decreases in interest rates during 2025, coupled with resilience in the U.S. economy, contributed to improved investor sentiment, stronger capital markets and increased transaction activity toward the end of 2025. Nevertheless, inflation has remained above the U.S. Federal Reserve’s target level, and interest rates remain elevated. Uncertainty regarding the further trajectory of inflation and interest rates creates the potential for volatility in debt and equity markets. Such volatility can contribute to economic deceleration or contraction in the rate of growth in certain industries, sectors or geographies, and in turn, poor financial results for our funds’ portfolio companies or assets and lower investment returns for our funds. The valuations of our funds’ real estate assets, and fundraising in certain of our real estate strategies targeting high-net-worth
 investors, have been adversely impacted in recent years by elevated interest rates and a high, albeit declining, cost of capital. A slower-than-expected decrease in interest rates would continue to present a challenge to real estate valuations. Such factors are even more challenging in the life science office and traditional office market, as well as other properties with long-term leases that do not provide for short-term rent increases. This has adversely impacted, and may further adversely impact, the performance of certain of our real estate funds. 

23 

Table of Contents

A period of economic slowdown, which may occur across one or more industries, sectors or geographies, creates operating performance challenges for certain of our funds’ investments, which could adversely affect our operating results and cash flows. 

Despite overall resilience in some geographies, many global economies have in recent years experienced periods of deceleration. Further economic deceleration or contraction in the rate of growth in certain industries, sectors or geographies may contribute to poor financial results for our funds’ portfolio companies or assets, which may result in lower investment returns for our funds. For example, periods of economic weakness have contributed and may in the future contribute to a decline in commodity prices and decreased consumer demand for certain goods and services, and/or volatility in the oil and natural gas markets, each of which would have an adverse effect on our energy and consumer investments. In addition, slowing growth in certain markets and real estate sectors with excess near-term supply, such as life science office and U.S. multifamily, has negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact the valuations of assets in such sectors in the near term. In addition, the governing agreements of our funds contain only limited requirements, if any, regarding diversification of fund investments (by, for example, sector or geographic region). Accordingly, to the extent our funds’ investments are concentrated in sectors or geographies that experience more challenging fundamentals, the impact on our funds may be exacerbated. Further, to the extent our funds’ investments are concentrated in sectors or geographies that have historically experienced strong fundamentals, an adverse shift in such fundamentals may make it more difficult for such funds to replicate their historic performance. For example, our real estate and infrastructure funds have in recent years substantially increased their exposure to digital infrastructure investments, which has supported strong performance for such funds. Such performance would be difficult to replicate if demand for digital infrastructure were substantially reduced, including as a result of economic slowdown or regulatory impediments. This could impact our ability to raise new funds, and adversely impact our operating results and cash flows. 

Sustained periods of high interest rates and challenging debt market conditions negatively impact the values of certain assets or investments and the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to access capital markets, which could adversely affect investment and realization opportunities, lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income. 

Following three consecutive rate cuts, the U.S. Federal Reserve held interest rates steady in January 2026 and noted, among other matters, that it would continue to assess and monitor incoming information in considering additional adjustments. Accordingly, uncertainty remains regarding the timing and extent of future interest rate decreases. Elevated interest rates have in recent years created downward pressure on the value of certain assets owned by our funds, including, among others, real estate and fixed-rate debt. A slower-than-expected decrease in interest rates would continue to present a challenge for the valuations of such assets, as well as for fundraising in certain of our strategies targeting high-net-worth
 investors. Relatedly, slower-than-expected interest rate decreases have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, the ability to realize value from certain investments, such as in certain real estate sectors, given the potential adverse impact on equity prices and caution on the part of potential acquirers. Conversely, in recent periods the performance of certain of our credit funds has benefited from elevated interest rates as a substantial majority of the portfolio is floating rate. Accordingly, a decline in interest rates and/or widening of credit spreads would make it more difficult for such funds to replicate such strong performance. 

In addition, elevated interest rates increase the cost of debt financing for the transactions our funds pursue. A significant contraction or weakening in the market for debt financing or other adverse change relating to the terms of debt financing (such as, for example, higher equity requirements and/or more restrictive covenants), particularly in the area of acquisition financings for private equity and real estate transactions, could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, a portion of the indebtedness used to finance certain fund investments often includes high-yield debt securities issued in the capital markets. Availability of capital from the high-yield debt markets is subject to significant volatility, and there may be times when we might not be able to access those markets at attractive rates, or at all, when completing an investment. 

24 

Table of Contents

A decline in the pace or size of investments made by our funds may adversely affect our revenues. 

The revenues that we earn are driven in part by the pace at which our funds make investments and the size of those investments, and a decline in the pace or the size of such investments may reduce our revenues. In particular, in recent years we have meaningfully increased the number of perpetual capital vehicles we offer and the assets under management in such vehicles. This has also resulted in a substantial amount of capital available for deployment, including in such vehicles, and for which we must identify attractive deployment opportunities. The fees we earn from our perpetual capital vehicles represent a significant and growing portion of our overall revenues. If our funds, including our perpetual capital vehicles, are unable to deploy capital at a sufficient pace, our revenues would be adversely impacted. Many factors could cause a decline in the pace of investment, including a market environment characterized by high prices, the inability of our investment professionals to identify attractive investment opportunities, competition for such opportunities among other potential acquirers, decreased availability of financing on attractive terms or at all or decreased availability of investor capital, including as a result of a challenging fundraising environment or heightened investor requests for repurchases in certain vehicles. A number of our funds have invested and intend to continue to invest in large transactions or transactions that otherwise have substantial business, regulatory or legal complexity and may be more difficult to execute successfully than smaller or less complex investments. 

We may also fail to consummate identified investment opportunities because of regulatory or legal complexities or uncertainty and adverse developments in the U.S. or global economy, financial markets or geopolitical conditions. Additionally, our ability to deploy capital in certain countries may be adversely impacted by U.S. and foreign government policy changes and regulations. Any potential time delay associated with approval may make it more difficult for our funds to deploy capital, as well as to exit and realize value from investments. 

Further, U.S. and state legislative and regulatory bodies may impose restrictions on private funds’ investments in certain types of assets or industries, which could affect our funds’ ability to find attractive and diversified investments and to complete such investments in a timely manner. For example, certain states have, and others may in the future, increased state regulatory review measures of investments by private equity into the patient-facing healthcare industry. The U.S. Presidential administration issued an executive order in January 2026 seeking to restrict institutional investor ownership of single-family homes, and certain states have considered, and others may seek to enact, legislation aimed at doing so. Such policies and laws may impact the ability of our funds to invest in certain assets or sectors. In addition, the ability to deploy capital in China has been adversely impacted by policies and regulations in the U.S., which may be exacerbated prospectively. See “—Laws and regulations on foreign direct investment applicable to us and our funds’ portfolio companies, both within and outside the U.S., may make it more difficult for us to deploy capital in certain jurisdictions or to sell assets to certain buyers.” 

Our revenue, earnings, net income and cash flow can all vary materially due to our reliance on Performance Revenues, which may make it difficult for us to achieve steady earnings growth on a quarterly basis and may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

Our revenue, earnings, net income and cash flow can all vary materially due to our reliance on Performance Revenues. We may experience fluctuations in our results, including our revenue and net income, from quarter to quarter due to a number of other factors. These include the timing of realizations, changes in the valuations of our funds’ investments, changes in the amount of distributions, dividends or interest paid in respect of investments, changes in our operating expenses and the degree to which we encounter competition. Each of these factors may be impacted by economic and market conditions. Achieving steady growth in net income and cash flow on a quarterly basis may be difficult, which could in turn lead to large adverse movements or general increased volatility in the price of our common stock. 

25 

Table of Contents

For a number of our perpetual capital vehicles that have in recent years become increasingly large contributors to our earnings, incentive income is paid to us in varying frequencies, ranging from quarterly to every five years. This contributes to the volatility of our cash flow. Furthermore, we earn this incentive income only if the net asset value of a vehicle has increased or, in the case of certain vehicles, increased beyond a particular return threshold, or if the vehicle has earned a net profit. Certain of these vehicles also have “high water marks” whereby we do not earn incentive income during a particular period even though the vehicle had positive returns in such period as a result of losses in prior periods. If one of these vehicles experiences losses, we will not earn incentive income from it until it surpasses the previous high-water mark. The incentive income we earn is therefore dependent on the net asset value or the net profit of the vehicle, which could lead to significant volatility in our results. 

For our carry funds, we receive Performance Allocations only when investments are realized and achieve a certain preferred return. This also contributes to the volatility of our cash flow. Performance Allocations depend on our carry funds’ performance and opportunities for realizing gains, which may be limited. It takes a substantial period of time to realize the cash value (or other proceeds) of an investment. Even if an investment proves to be profitable, it may be a number of years before any profits can be realized, particularly if market conditions are unaccommodating. We cannot predict when, or if, any realization of investments will occur. In addition, the valuations of, and realization opportunities for, investments made by our funds, could also be subject to high volatility as a result of uncertainty or potential changes to governmental policy with respect to, among other things, tax, trade, immigration, healthcare, labor, infrastructure and energy. 

Prior to our receiving any Performance Allocations in respect of realization of a profitable investment, 100% of the proceeds of that investment must generally be paid to the investors in that carry fund until they have recovered certain fees and expenses and achieved a certain return on all realized investments by that carry fund as well as a recovery of any unrealized losses. A particular realization event may have a significant impact on our results for that particular quarter that may not be replicated in subsequent quarters. We recognize revenue on investments in our investment funds based on our allocable share of realized and unrealized gains (or losses) reported by such investment funds. A decline in realized or unrealized gains, or an increase in realized or unrealized losses, would adversely affect our revenue and possibly cash flow. This could further increase the volatility of our quarterly results. Because our carry funds have preferred return thresholds to investors that need to be met prior to our receiving any Performance Allocations, substantial declines in the carrying value of the investment portfolios of a carry fund can significantly delay or eliminate any Performance Allocations paid to us in respect of that fund because the value of the assets in the fund would need to recover to their aggregate cost basis plus the preferred return over time before we would be entitled to receive any Performance Allocations from that fund. 

The timing and receipt of Performance Allocations also varies with the life cycle of our carry funds. During periods in which a relatively large portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds and investments in their “harvesting” period, our carry funds would make larger distributions than in the fundraising or investment periods that precede harvesting. During periods in which a significant portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds that are not in their harvesting periods, we may receive substantially lower Performance Allocations. 

26 

Table of Contents

Adverse economic and market conditions may adversely affect the amount of cash generated by our businesses, the value of our principal investments, and in turn, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 

We primarily use cash to, without limitation (a) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing businesses, including funding our general partner and co-investment commitments to our funds and warehousing investments for our funds, (b) provide capital for business expansion, (c) pay operating expenses, including cash compensation to our employees, and other obligations as they arise, including servicing our debt and (d) pay dividends to our stockholders, make distributions to the holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and make repurchases under our share repurchase program. Our principal sources of cash are: (a) cash we received in connection with our prior bond offerings and other borrowings, (b) management fees, (c) realized incentive fees, (d) realized performance allocations and (e) $4.325 billion revolving credit facility with a final maturity date of October 16, 2030 (the “Revolving Credit Facility”). Our long-term debt totaled $12.4 billion in borrowings from our prior bond issuances. As of December 31, 2025, we had no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. In February 2026, we drew $900.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2025, we had $2.6 billion in Cash and Cash Equivalents, $359.7 million invested in Corporate Treasury Investments and $7.1 billion in Other Investments. 

If growth of the global economy decelerates, or conditions in the financing markets were challenged, the investment performance of our funds could suffer, resulting in, for example, the payment of decreased or no Performance Allocations to us. This could materially and adversely affect the amount of cash we have on hand, which could in turn require us to rely on other sources of cash. A decrease in the amount of cash we have on hand, or the unavailability of other sources of liquidity, such as debt capital markets or the Revolving Credit Facility, could also materially and adversely affect our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders and make repurchases under our share repurchase program. As a result, our uses of cash may exceed our sources of cash, thereby affecting our liquidity position. In addition, we have made and expect to continue to make significant principal investments in our current and future investment funds. We may lose some or the entire principal amount of these investments, including, without limitation, as a result of poor investment performance in a challenging economic and market environment. 

Our business depends in large part on our ability to raise capital from third-party investors. A failure to raise capital from third-party investors on attractive fee terms or at all, would impact our ability to collect management fees or deploy such capital into investments and potentially collect Performance Revenues, which would materially reduce our revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition. 

Our ability to raise capital from third-party investors depends on a number of factors, such as economic, market (including the level of interest rates and stock market performance) and geopolitical conditions, and the asset allocation rules or investment policies to which such 
third-party investors are subject. These factors could inhibit or restrict the ability of 
third-party investors to make investments in our funds or make investment in certain asset classes or geographies less attractive to such investors. Market or currency volatility or perceived economic or geopolitical uncertainty or instability may contribute to decreased interest on the part of investors in allocating capital to certain asset classes or geographies in which our funds operate. Lawmakers across a number of states have put forth proposals or expressed intent to take steps to reduce or minimize the ability of their state pension funds to invest in alternative asset classes, including by proposing to increase the reporting or other obligations applicable to their state pension funds that invest in such asset classes. Such proposals or actions would potentially discourage investment by such state pension funds in alternative asset classes by imposing meaningful compliance burdens and costs on them, which could adversely affect our ability to raise capital from such state pension funds. Other states could potentially take similar actions, which may further impair our access to capital from an investor base that has historically represented a significant portion of our fundraising. 

In addition, volatility in the valuations of investments, has in the past and may in the future affect our ability to raise capital from third-party investors. To the extent periods of volatility are coupled with a lack of realizations from investors’ existing portfolios, such investors may be left with disproportionately outsized remaining commitments to a number of investment funds. This significantly limits such investors’ ability to make new commitments to 
third-party managed investment funds such as those managed by us. Further, during periods of market volatility, investor subscription requests may be reduced and investor redemption or repurchase requests may be elevated in products that permit redemption or repurchase of investor interests. See “—Investors in a number of our vehicles may withdraw their investments, and investors in certain of our vehicles may have a right to terminate our management of, or cause the dissolution of, such vehicles, which would lead to a decrease in our 

27 

Table of Contents

revenues.” Conversely, in periods of positive market environments and low volatility, investors may favor passive investment strategies such as index funds over our actively managed investment vehicles. Similarly, during periods of high interest rates, investors may favor investments that are generally viewed as producing a risk-free return, such as treasury bonds, over investments in our products, particularly if the spread between the products declines. In addition, certain of our investment vehicles that are available to individual investors are subject to state registration requirements that impose limits on the proportion of such investors’ net worth that can be invested in our products. These restrictions may limit such investors’ ability or willingness to allocate capital to such products and adversely affect our fundraising in the retail channel. In addition, our ability to raise capital from third parties outside of the United States could be limited to the extent that other countries impose restrictions or limitations on outbound foreign investment. A failure to successfully raise capital could materially reduce our revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition. 

In connection with raising new funds or making further investments in existing funds, we negotiate terms for such funds and investments with investors. The outcome of such negotiations could result in our agreement to terms that are materially less favorable to us than for prior funds we have managed or funds managed by our competitors, including with respect to management fees, incentive fees and/or carried interest, which could have an adverse impact on our revenues. Such terms could also add additional expenses and obligations for us in managing the fund or increase our potential liabilities, which could ultimately decrease our revenues. In addition, such terms could restrict our ability to raise investment funds with investment objectives or strategies that compete with existing funds, which could adversely impact our ability to expand our assets under management. 

The continued expansion of the number and types of investment products we offer in the individual investor channel may make it more difficult to fundraise from the institutional investor channel to the extent institutional investors have concerns regarding such expansion, including with respect to potential or perceived conflicts of interest. In addition, certain institutional investors may seek to condition a drawdown fund commitment on the imposition of limits on the ability of our individual investor channel-targeted funds to invest alongside such drawdown funds. Certain institutional investors, including sovereign wealth funds and public pension funds, have demonstrated an increased preference for alternatives to the traditional investment fund structure, such as managed accounts, smaller funds and co-investment vehicles. There can be no assurance that such alternatives will be as profitable for us as the traditional investment fund structure, or as to the impact such a trend could have on the cost of our operations or profitability if we were to implement these alternative investment structures. 

Although we have no obligation to modify any of our fees with respect to our existing funds, we may experience pressure to do so, including in response to regulatory focus by the SEC on the quantum and types of fees and expenses charged by private funds. We have confronted and expect to continue to confront requests from a variety of investors and groups representing investors to decrease fees, which could result in a reduction in the fees and Performance Revenues we earn. 

The asset management business is intensely competitive. 

Our asset management business competes with a number of private funds, specialized investment funds, funds structured for individual investors, hedge funds, funds of hedge funds and other sponsors managing pools of capital, as well as corporate buyers, traditional asset managers, commercial banks, investment banks and other financial institutions (including sovereign wealth funds). We expect that competition will continue to increase. For example, certain traditional asset managers have developed their own private equity and private wealth platforms and are marketing other asset allocation strategies as alternatives to hedge fund investments. A number of factors serve to increase our competitive risks: 

•

a number of our competitors have greater financial, technical, research, marketing and other resources and more personnel than we do, 

•

some of our funds may not perform as well as competitors’ funds or other available investment products, 

28 

Table of Contents

•

several of our competitors have significant amounts of capital, and many of them have similar investment objectives to ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities and may reduce the size and duration of pricing inefficiencies that many alternative investment strategies seek to exploit, 

•

some of our competitors, particularly strategic competitors, may have a lower cost of capital, which may be exacerbated by limits on the deductibility of interest expense, 

•

some of our competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us, which may create competitive disadvantages for us with respect to investment opportunities, 

•

some of our competitors may be subject to less regulation and accordingly may have more flexibility to undertake and execute certain businesses or investments than we can and/or bear less compliance cost than we do, 

•

some of our competitors may have more flexibility than us in raising certain types of investment funds under the investment management contracts they have negotiated with their investors, 

•

some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and to bid more aggressively than us for investments that we want to make or to seek exit opportunities through different channels, 

•

some of our competitors may be more successful than we are in the development of new or customized products to address investor demand for new or different investment strategies and/or regulatory changes, including with respect to private credit products and products that are developed for individual investors or that target insurance capital, 

•

in order to broaden distribution of their private wealth products, some of our competitors may be willing to pay higher placement, servicing or other forms of distributor fees or offer revenue shares, which may adversely impact the amount of capital we are able to raise in the private wealth channel, 

•

there are relatively few barriers to entry impeding new alternative asset managers, and the successful efforts of new entrants, including former “star” portfolio managers at large diversified financial institutions as well as such institutions themselves, is expected to continue to result in increased competition, 

•

some of our competitors may have better expertise or be regarded by investors as having better expertise in a specific asset class or geographic region than we do, 

•

corporate buyers may be able to achieve synergistic cost savings in respect of an investment, which may provide them with a competitive advantage relative to us when bidding for an investment, 

•

some investors may prefer to invest with an asset manager that is not publicly traded or is smaller, with a more limited number of investment products and 

•

other industry participants will from time to time seek to recruit our investment professionals and other employees away from us. 

Additionally, technological innovation, including the use of artificial intelligence, has the potential to disrupt the financial industry and change the way financial institutions, including asset managers, do business. Some of our competitors may be more successful than we are in the development and implementation of new technologies, including services and platforms based on artificial intelligence, to address investor demand or improve operations. If we are unable to adequately advance our capabilities in these areas, or do so at a slower pace than others in our industry, we may be at a competitive disadvantage. 

We may lose investment opportunities if we do not match investment prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. Alternatively, we may experience decreased rates of return and increased risks of loss if we match investment prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. Moreover, if we are forced to compete with other 

29 

Table of Contents

alternative asset managers on the basis of price, we may not be able to maintain our current fund fee and carried interest terms. We have historically competed primarily on the performance of our funds, and not on the level of our fees or carried interest relative to those of our competitors. However, there is a risk that fees and carried interest in the alternative investment management industry will decline, without regard to the historical performance of a manager. Further, as part of a shift in the distribution arrangements in the private wealth industry, certain third-party intermediaries have sought to revise existing or implement new fee arrangements that align their fees with the initial amount or ongoing net asset value of capital invested through the intermediary in the applicable vehicle. While the extent of this shift going forward is uncertain, the costs associated with the distribution of certain of our private wealth perpetual products have increased and there may be further increases in distribution costs for these and future products. The reduction of net management fees or performance allocations we receive, including as a result of new fee arrangements, or the incurrence of higher costs in connection with product distribution, without corresponding decreases in our cost structure, would adversely affect the profitability of impacted products. Certain of the 
third-party intermediaries on whom we rely to distribute our investment products also sell their own competing proprietary investment products, which could limit the distribution of our products. 

Regulatory measures aimed at reducing burden on U.S. banks, such as less onerous bank regulatory capital requirements, may create additional competition for certain of our credit strategies. See “—Financial regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect our business.” 

These competitive pressures could adversely affect our ability to make successful investments and limit our ability to raise future investment funds, either of which would adversely impact our business, revenue, results of operations and cash flow. 

We are increasingly undertaking business initiatives to increase the number and type of investment products we offer to individual investors, which could expose us to new and greater levels of risk. 

Although individual investors have been part of our historic distribution efforts, we are increasingly undertaking business initiatives to increase the number and type of investment products we offer to high-net-worth
 individuals, family offices and mass affluent investors in the U.S. and other jurisdictions around the world. Specifically, we create investment products designed for investment by individual investors in the U.S., some of whom are not accredited investors, or similar investors in 
non-U.S. jurisdictions, including in some markets in Europe and Asia Pacific. In some cases, our funds are distributed to such investors indirectly through 
third-party managed vehicles sponsored by brokerage firms, private banks or 
third-party feeder providers, and in other cases directly to the clients of private banks, independent investment advisors and brokers. 

Accessing individual investors and offering products directed at such investors exposes us to greater levels of risk, including heightened litigation and regulatory enforcement, an increased compliance burden, and more complex administration and accounting operations. We may be subject to claims related to matters such as the adequacy of disclosures, appropriateness of fees, suitability and board of directors’ oversight, each of which could result in civil lawsuits, regulatory penalties and enforcement actions. Our registered investment advisers could also be subject to direct or derivative claims from a fund’s investors or board of directors for alleged mismanagement of the fund. In addition, regulatory requirements imposing limitations on the ability of affiliates of certain of our vehicles to engage in certain transactions may limit our funds’ ability to engage in otherwise attractive investment opportunities. 

To the extent distribution of such products is through new channels and markets, including through an increasing number of distributors with whom we engage, we may not be able to effectively monitor or control the manner of their distribution. This could result in litigation or regulatory action against us, including with respect to, among other things, claims that products distributed through such channels are distributed to investors for whom they are unsuitable, claims related to conflicts of interest or the adequacy of disclosure to investors or claims that 

30 

Table of Contents

the products are distributed in a manner inconsistent with our regulatory requirements or otherwise inappropriate manner. In addition, regulation applicable to our arrangements with such distributors and channels increases the compliance burden associated with onboarding new distributors or pursuing new distribution channels, resulting in increased cost and complexity. Although we engage in due diligence and onboarding procedures that seek to uncover issues relating to the third-party channels through which individual investors access our investment products, we do not control and have limited information regarding many of these third-party channels. Therefore, we are exposed to the risks of reputational damage, regulatory scrutiny and legal liability to the extent such third parties improperly sell our products to investors. This risk is heightened by the continuing increase in the number of third parties that distribute our investment products around the world and that we do not control. For example, in certain cases, we may be viewed by a regulator as responsible for the content of materials prepared by third parties. 

Similarly, there is a risk that Blackstone employees involved in the direct distribution of our products, or employees who engage with independent advisors, brokerage firms and other third parties around the world involved in distributing our products, do not follow our compliance and supervisory procedures. In addition, the distribution of such products, including through new channels whether directly or through market intermediaries, could expose us to allegations of improper conduct and/or actions by state and federal regulators in the U.S. and regulators in jurisdictions outside of the U.S. Such allegations or actions may be with respect to, among other things, product suitability, distributor eligibility, investor classification, compliance with securities laws, conflicts of interest and the adequacy of disclosure to investors to whom our products are distributed through those channels. 

As we expand the distribution of products to individual investors outside of the United States, we are increasingly exposed to risks in non-U.S. jurisdictions. In addition to risks similar to those that we face in the U.S., securities laws and other applicable regulatory regimes can be extensive, complex and vary by jurisdiction. In addition, the distribution of products to individual investors outside of the U.S. may involve complex structures (such as 
distributor-sponsored feeder funds or nominee/omnibus investors) and market practices that vary by local jurisdiction. As a result, this expansion subjects us to additional complexity, litigation and regulatory risk. 

Our initiatives to expand our individual investor base, including marketing, creating and maintaining the types of products and vehicles that individual investors may invest in, may not be successful. Such initiatives include the hiring of additional personnel and the implementation of new operational, technological, compliance and other systems and processes, each of which require significant time, effort and resources. Further, in light of the August 2025 Executive Order on Democratizing Access to Alternative Assets for 401(k) Investors, there may be significant future opportunity for the alternative asset management industry to increase the distribution of products to individual investors. Accordingly, we are likely to face significant competition in addressing such opportunity, which will require us to spend substantial time, effort and resources, and may not ultimately be successful in increasing distribution of our products in this channel. 

We depend on our co-founder and other key senior managing directors and personnel, and the loss of their services would have a material adverse effect on our business, results and financial condition. 

We depend on the efforts, skill, reputations and business contacts of our co-founder, Stephen A. Schwarzman, our President, Jonathan D. Gray, and other key senior managing directors and personnel, the information and deal flow they generate during the normal course of their activities and the synergies among the diverse fields of expertise and knowledge held by our professionals. Accordingly, our success will depend on the continued service of these individuals, who are not obligated to remain employed with us. Several key personnel have left the firm in the past and others may do so in the future, and we cannot predict the impact that the departure of any key personnel will have on our ability to achieve our investment objectives. For example, the governing agreements of many of our funds generally provide investors with the ability to terminate the investment period in the event that certain “key persons” in the fund do not meet the specified time commitment to the fund or our firm ceases to control the general partner. The loss of the services of any key personnel could have a material adverse effect on 

31 

Table of Contents

our revenues, net income and cash flows and could harm our ability to maintain or grow assets under management in existing funds or raise additional funds in the future. Our senior managing directors and other key personnel possess substantial experience and expertise and have strong business relationships with our investors and other members of the business community. As a result, the loss of these personnel could jeopardize our relationships with such parties and result in the reduction of assets under management or fewer investment opportunities. 

We have historically relied in part on the interests of these professionals in the investment funds’ carried interest and incentive fees to discourage them from leaving the firm. However, to the extent our investment funds perform poorly, thereby reducing the potential for carried interest and incentive fees, their interests in carried interest and incentive fees become less valuable to them and become less effective as incentives for them to continue to be employed at Blackstone. We might not be able to provide future key personnel with interests in our business to the same extent or with the same tax consequences from which our existing personnel previously benefited. For example, U.S. federal income tax law currently imposes a three-year holding period requirement for carried interest to be treated as 
long-term capital gains. The holding period requirement may result in some of the carried interest received by such individuals being treated as ordinary income, which would materially increase the amount of taxes that such key personnel would be required to pay. The current U.S. Presidential administration’s stated tax priorities include changes to the tax treatment of carried interest that, if implemented, would materially increase the amount of taxes many of our key personnel would be required to pay. The tax treatment of carried interest continues to be an area of focus for policymakers and government officials. The levying of additional taxes on carried interest, or increases in state or local taxes applicable to our personnel, along with changing opinions regarding living in some geographies where we have offices due to, among other factors, local policies, may adversely affect our ability to recruit, retain and motivate our current and future professionals. 

There is no guarantee that the non-competition and 
non-solicitation agreements to which our senior managing directors and other key personnel are subject, together with our other arrangements with them, will prevent them from leaving, joining our competitors or otherwise competing with us. Such agreements also expire after a certain period of time, at which point such personnel would be free to compete against us and solicit our clients and employees. In addition, such agreements may not be enforceable in all cases, particularly as legislatures or regulators enact legislation or adopt rules aimed at effectively prohibiting 
non-competition agreements. For example, legislation that would prohibit post-employment 
non-competition agreements except in limited circumstances has been introduced in New York. 

We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation and alignment of interests with investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to maintain this culture, particularly in light of rapid and significant growth in our scale, global presence and employee population, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes in U.S. and foreign taxation of businesses and other tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could adversely affect us, including by adversely impacting our effective tax rate and tax liability. 

Our effective tax rate and tax liability is based on the application of current income tax laws, regulations and treaties. These laws, regulations and treaties are complex, and the manner which they apply to us and our funds is sometimes open to interpretation. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. Although management believes its application of current laws, regulations and treaties to be correct and sustainable upon examination by tax authorities, tax authorities have challenged and could challenge in the future our interpretation of such laws, regulations and treaties or our taking of certain tax positions on the basis of such interpretation. This has and could in the future result in penalties, interest payments and/or additional tax liability or adjustment to our income tax provision that could increase our effective tax rate. 

32 

Table of Contents

Past and future changes to tax laws and regulations may have an adverse impact on us. Such changes could materially change the amount and/or timing of tax we and our portfolio companies may be required to pay and may increase tax-related regulatory and compliance costs. On July 4, 2025, President Trump signed into law the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the “OBBBA”), which makes significant changes to the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and other federal tax laws. Among other changes, the OBBBA extends or reinstates many of the provisions enacted by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, including the tax rate brackets for individuals and capital expensing provisions, and significantly curtails many of the clean energy subsidies enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. How the OBBBA will be implemented will depend on future administrative guidance and court rulings. The U.S. Congress may also pass additional tax reform legislation in the future. The timing and details of any such guidance, rulings and legislation, and the impact on us, our personnel, and our funds’ portfolio companies, is uncertain. 

In addition, the U.S. Congress, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) and other government agencies in jurisdictions in which we and our affiliates invest or do business have maintained a focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational companies. The OECD, which represents a coalition of member countries, has been working on a 
two-pillar initiative, which is aimed at (a) shifting taxing rights to the jurisdiction of the consumer (“Pillar One”) and (b) ensuring all companies pay a global minimum tax (“Pillar Two”). Under Pillar Two, certain entities within a multinational group will be subject to 
top-up taxes where the overall tax paid on the group’s profit in any jurisdiction falls below the minimum 15% effective tax rate. The EU, among other regions implementing or intending to implement these rules, adopted Pillar Two and required that all EU member states adopt local legislation to implement such rules beginning December 31, 2023. However, on June 28, 2025, the Group of Seven (“G7”) countries announced a shared understanding for a 
“side-by-side”
 system under which U.S.-parented groups would be exempt from certain of the Pillar Two proposals. While the details of such 
“side-by-side”
 system remain the subject of ongoing discussions among the G7 and the OECD, Pillar One and Pillar Two could result in increased effective tax rates, possible denial of deductions, withholding taxes and/or profits being allocated differently and increased complexity, burden and cost of tax compliance for us and our funds’ portfolio companies. Given the ongoing design, implementation, administration and interpretation of Pillar One and Pillar Two, the timing, scope and impact of any relevant domestic legislation or multilateral conventions remain uncertain. 

Cybersecurity and data protection risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business, and damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs and financial losses, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our operations are highly dependent on our technology platforms and we rely heavily on our analytical, financial, accounting, communications and other data processing systems. Our systems face ongoing cybersecurity threats and attacks, which could result in the loss of confidentiality, integrity or availability of such systems and the data held by such systems. Attacks on our systems could involve, and in some instances have in the past involved, attempts intended to obtain unauthorized access to our proprietary information, destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems, or divert or otherwise steal funds, including through the introduction of computer viruses, “phishing” attempts and other forms of social engineering. Attacks on our systems could also involve ransomware or other forms of cyber extortion. Cyberattacks and other data security threats could originate from a wide variety of external sources, including cyber criminals, nation state hackers, hacktivists and other outside parties. Cyberattacks and other security threats could also originate from the malicious or accidental acts of insiders, such as employees, consultants, independent contractors or other service providers. 

There has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cyber and data security threats we face, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent. In addition, the risk of cyber and data security threats to us is exacerbated with the advancement of artificial intelligence, which malicious third parties are using to create new, sophisticated and more frequent attacks. As an alternative asset management firm, we face a heightened risk of such an attack because we hold a significant amount of confidential and sensitive information about our investors, our funds’ portfolio companies and potential 

33 

Table of Contents

investments. Measures we take to ensure the integrity of our systems may not provide adequate protection, especially because cyberattack techniques are continually evolving, may persist undetected over extended periods of time, and may not be mitigated in a timely manner to prevent or minimize the impact of an attack on Blackstone, our investors, our portfolio companies or potential investments. If our systems or those of third-party service providers are compromised either as a result of malicious activity or through inadvertent transmittal or other loss of data, do not operate properly or are disabled, or we fail to provide the appropriate regulatory or other notifications in a timely manner, we could suffer financial loss, increased costs, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our counterparties, investment funds or fund investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. The costs related to cyber or other data security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. 

We are reliant on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including the administration of certain funds, as well as for certain technology platforms, including cloud-based services. These third-party service providers also face ongoing cybersecurity threats and compromises of their systems. These cybersecurity threats and compromises could occur as a result of threat actors impersonating Blackstone or its employees, including through the use of artificial intelligence technologies. Such technologies could make such impersonation more likely to occur or appear more credible. As a result, unauthorized individuals could gain, and in some past instances have gained, access to certain confidential data through third-party service providers. In addition, we could also suffer losses in connection with updates to, or the failure to timely update, the third-party technology platforms on which we rely. 

Cybersecurity, privacy and data protection have become top priorities for regulators in the United States and around the world. Many jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”) (including recent amendments to Regulation S-P), the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the U.K. Data Protection Act, and the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”). Some jurisdictions have also enacted or proposed laws requiring companies to notify individuals and/or government agencies of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data or involving certain thresholds of potential harm to impacted individuals. In light of the focus of federal regulators on cybersecurity, SEC enforcement and examination activity has increased in recent years and may increase further. Although we maintain cybersecurity controls designed to prevent cyber incidents from occurring, no security is impenetrable to cyberattacks. It is possible that current and future cyber enforcement activity will target practices that we believe are compliant, but our regulator deem otherwise. See “—Rapidly developing and changing global data security and privacy laws and regulations could increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcement risks and reputational damage.” 

Breaches in our security or in the security of third-party service providers, whether malicious in nature or through inadvertent transmittal or other loss of data, could potentially jeopardize our, our employees’ or our fund investors’ or counterparties’ confidential, proprietary and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks or that of our third-party service providers. Breaches could also potentially cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our employees’, our fund investors’, our counterparties’ or third parties’ business and operations, which could result in significant financial losses, increased costs, liability to our fund investors and other counterparties, regulatory intervention and reputational damage. Furthermore, if we fail to comply with the relevant laws and regulations or fail to provide the appropriate regulatory or other notifications of breach in a timely manner, it could result in regulatory investigations and penalties, which could lead to negative publicity and reputational harm and may cause our fund investors and clients to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures and Blackstone more generally. 

Our funds’ portfolio companies also rely on data processing systems and the secure processing, storage and transmission of information, including payment and health information, which in some instances are provided by third parties. A disruption or compromise of these systems could have a material adverse effect on the value of these businesses. Our funds may invest in strategic assets having a national or regional profile or in digital or other infrastructure, the nature of which could expose them to a greater risk of being subject to a terrorist attack or a security breach than other assets or businesses. Such an event may have material adverse consequences on our investment or assets of the same type or may require portfolio companies to increase preventative security measures or expand insurance coverage. 

34 

Table of Contents

Our and our funds’ portfolio companies’ technology platforms, data and intellectual property are also subject to a heightened risk of theft or compromise as a result of operations outside the United States, in particular in those jurisdictions that do not have comparable levels of protection of proprietary information and assets such as intellectual property, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how and customer information and records. In addition, we and our funds’ portfolio companies may be required to compromise protections or forego rights to technology, data and intellectual property in order to operate in or access markets in a foreign jurisdiction. Any such direct or indirect compromise of these assets could have a material adverse impact on us and our funds’ portfolio companies. 

Rapidly developing and changing global data security and privacy laws and regulations could increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcement risks and reputational damage. 

We and our funds’ portfolio companies are subject to various risks and costs associated with the collection, storage, transmission and other processing of personal data. This personal data is wide ranging and relates to our investors, employees, contractors and other counterparties and third parties. Any inability, or perceived inability, by us to adequately address privacy concerns, or comply with applicable data security or privacy laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, or related contractual obligations, even if unfounded, could result in regulatory and third-party liability, increased costs, disruptions to business and operations, and reputational damage. Furthermore, any such inability or perceived inability of our funds’ portfolio companies, even if unfounded, could result in reputational damage to us. 

Data security and privacy compliance obligations to which we are subject impose compliance costs on us, which could increase significantly as laws and regulations evolve globally. Our compliance obligations include those relating to U.S. laws and regulations, including, without limitation, state regulations such as the CPRA, which provides for enhanced consumer protections for California residents, a private right of action for data breaches and statutory fines and damages for data breaches or other California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) violations, as well as a requirement of “reasonable” cybersecurity. At the U.S. federal level, the SEC has adopted amendments to Regulation S-P that took effect in 2025. These amendments impose operationally challenging data breach notification requirements and deadlines as well as obligations to implement written policies and procedures to govern oversight of service providers that will likely increase associated compliance costs. The U.S. Department of Justice issued a rule, effective in 2025, that prohibits or restricts certain transactions involving the transfer of, and access to, bulk sensitive personal data to foreign persons connected with certain designated countries of concern, including China. While we expect this development will increase compliance burdens and associated costs, this rule may also impact the way we conduct business, including the ability of employees in countries of concern to access certain information. 

Our compliance obligations also include those relating to foreign data collection and privacy laws, including, for example, the GDPR and U.K. Data Protection Act, as well as laws in many other jurisdictions globally, including Switzerland, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, India, China, Australia, Canada and Brazil. Global laws in this area are rapidly increasing in the scale and depth of their requirements, and are also often extra-territorial in nature. In addition, a wide range of regulators and private actors are seeking to enforce these laws across regions and borders. Furthermore, we frequently have privacy compliance requirements as a result of our contractual obligations with counterparties. These legal, regulatory and contractual obligations heighten our data protection and privacy obligations in the ordinary course of conducting our business in the U.S. and internationally. 

35 

Table of Contents

Any inability, or perceived inability, by us or our funds’ portfolio companies to adequately address data protection or privacy concerns, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards and guidance, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations, even if unfounded, could result in significant legal, regulatory and third-party liability, increased costs, disruption of our and our funds’ portfolio companies’ business and operations, and a loss of client (including investor) confidence and other reputational damage. Many regulators have indicated an intention to take more aggressive enforcement actions regarding data security and privacy matters, and private litigation resulting from such matters is increasing and resulting in progressively larger judgments and settlements. Specifically, the SEC’s stated 2026 examination priorities include an intended focus on adviser’s policies and practices as it relates to the prevention of interruptions to mission-critical services and protection of investor information, records and assets. Furthermore, as new data protection and privacy-related laws and regulations are implemented, the time and resources needed for us and 
our funds’ portfolio companies to comply with such laws and regulations continues to increase and become a significant compliance workstream. 

Technological developments in artificial intelligence could disrupt the markets in which we and our portfolio companies operate and subject us and our portfolio companies to increased competition, legal and regulatory risks and compliance costs. 

Technological developments in artificial intelligence, including machine learning technology and generative artificial intelligence (“AI Technology” and, collectively, “AI Technologies”) and their current and potential future applications, including in the private investment and financial sectors as well as across sectors in which our portfolio companies operate, are rapidly changing. The legal and regulatory frameworks related to such current and potential future applications are also evolving. The full extent of current or future risks related thereto is not possible to predict and we and our portfolio companies may not be able to anticipate, prevent, mitigate or remediate all of the potential risks, challenges or impacts of such changes. AI Technologies could significantly disrupt the business models, investment strategies, operational processes, and markets in which we operate. Similarly, AI Technologies could significantly disrupt our portfolio companies’ businesses and markets. This could subject us and our portfolio companies to increased competition, legal and regulatory risks and compliance costs, and adversely impact our or our portfolio companies’ growth prospects. These impacts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Advancements in computing and AI Technologies, including efficiency improvements, without related increases in the adoption and development of such technologies, could also negatively impact demand for, and the valuation of, digital infrastructure assets, a sector to which certain of our investment strategies have significant exposure. 
Through our use of AI Technologies, we avail ourselves of the potential benefits, insights and efficiencies resulting from these technologies. For example, our employees can utilize internal generative AI-powered applications to help summarize, search or translate documents or gather information on a wide variety of topics. However, these technologies also present a number of potential risks that cannot be fully mitigated. If the data we, or third parties whose services we rely on, use in connection with the possible development or deployment of AI Technologies is incomplete, inadequate or biased in some way, the performance of our products, services, and businesses could suffer. Data in models that AI Technologies utilize are likely to contain a degree of inaccuracy and error, which could result in flawed algorithms. This could reduce the effectiveness of AI Technologies and adversely impact us and our operations to the extent we rely on the work product of such AI Technologies in such operations. The volume and reliance on data and algorithms also make AI Technologies, and in turn us and our portfolio companies and investments, more susceptible to cybersecurity threats, including the compromise of underlying models, training data, or other intellectual property. We, our funds, our portfolio companies and our funds’ investments could be exposed to risks to the extent 
third-party service providers or any counterparties use AI Technologies in their business activities. There is also a risk that AI Technologies may be misused or misappropriated by our employees and/or third parties engaged by us. For example, a user may input confidential information, including material 
non-public information or personal identifiable information, into AI Technology applications, resulting in such information becoming part of a dataset that is accessible by 
third-party AI Technology applications and users, including our competitors. Such actions could subject us to legal and regulatory 

36 

Table of Contents

investigations and/or actions. In addition, we may not be able to control how third-party AI Technologies that we choose to use are developed or maintained, or how data we input is used or disclosed, even where we have sought contractual protections with respect to these matters. We may be subject to legal and regulatory investigations and/or actions related to our use of AI Technologies, including as related to alleged misuse or misappropriation of our data. This could also have an adverse impact on our reputation. We may also communicate externally regarding AI 
Technology-related initiatives, including our development and use of AI Technologies, which subjects us to the risk of being accused of making inaccurate or misleading statements regarding our ability to avail ourselves of the potential benefits of AI Technology. 

Regulations related to AI Technologies may also impose on us certain obligations and costs related to monitoring and compliance. Regulators are increasing scrutiny of, and enacting or considering enacting regulations regarding, the use of AI Technologies, including the use of “big data,” diligence of data sets and oversight of data vendors. The use of AI Technologies by us and our vendors may require compliance with legal and regulatory frameworks that are not fully developed or tested, and we may face litigation and regulatory actions related to our use of, or our engagement of vendors that use, AI Technologies. In April 2023, the Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Department of Justice, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission released a joint statement on artificial intelligence demonstrating interest in monitoring the development and use of automated systems and enforcement of their respective laws and regulations. In October 2023, an executive order established new standards for AI safety and security. In addition to the U.S. regulatory framework, the EU adopted the Artificial Intelligence Act in 2024, which applies to certain AI Technologies and the data used to train, test and deploy them, which may create additional compliance burdens, higher administrative costs and significant penalties should we fail to comply or be perceived to fail to comply. 

Extensive regulation of our businesses affects our activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. The possibility of increased regulatory focus could result in additional burdens on our business. 

Our business is subject to extensive regulation, including periodic examinations, inquiries and investigations, by governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations in the jurisdictions in which we operate around the world. These authorities have regulatory powers dealing with many aspects of financial services, including the authority to grant, and in specific circumstances to cancel, permissions to carry on particular activities. Many of these regulators, including U.S. and foreign government agencies and 
self-regulatory organizations, as well as state securities commissions in the United States, are also empowered to conduct examinations, inquiries, investigations and administrative proceedings that can result in fines, suspensions of personnel, changes in policies, procedures or disclosures or other sanctions, including censure, the issuance of 
cease-and-desist
 orders, the suspension or expulsion of a 
broker-dealer or investment adviser from registration or memberships or the commencement of a civil or criminal lawsuit against us or our personnel. 

The financial services industry is frequently the subject of heightened scrutiny, and the SEC has specifically focused on private equity and the private funds industry in recent years. In that connection, in recent years the SEC’s stated examination priorities and published observations from examinations have included, among other things, private equity firms’ collection of fees and allocation of expenses, their marketing and valuation practices, allocation of investment opportunities, investor side letter terms, consistency of firms’ practices with disclosures, handling of material non-public information and insider trading, disclosures of investment risk, conflicts of interest, adherence to notice, consent and other contractual requirements regarding limited partnership advisory committees, fiduciary standards of conduct, financial technologies, and compliance with the SEC’s recently adopted rules, including those referenced herein. 

In recent years, the SEC has proposed, and in some instances, adopted, a number of rules related to private funds and private fund advisors that impact our business and operations, including by increasing our operational and compliance costs to comply effectively. The SEC and other of our regulators can be expected to continue to propose rules that impact our operations, including by increasing compliance burdens and costs, enhancing the risk of regulatory action, which could adversely impact our reputation and our fundraising efforts, and imposing limitations on our operations or investing activities. 

37 

Table of Contents

We regularly are subject to requests for information, inquiries and informal or formal investigations by the SEC and other regulatory authorities, with which we routinely cooperate, and which have included review of historical practices that were previously examined. Such investigations have previously and may in the future result in penalties and other sanctions. SEC actions and initiatives can have an adverse effect on our financial results, including as a result of the imposition of a sanction, a limitation on our or our personnel’s activities, or changing our historic practices. Even if an investigation or proceeding did not result in a sanction, or the sanction imposed against us or our personnel by a regulator were small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity relating to the investigation, proceeding or imposition of these sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing clients or fail to gain new clients. In addition, certain states and other regulatory authorities have required investment managers to register as lobbyists, and we have registered as such in a number of jurisdictions. Other states or municipalities may consider similar legislation or adopt regulations or procedures with similar effect. These registration requirements impose significant compliance obligations on registered lobbyists and their employers, which may include annual registration fees, periodic disclosure reports and internal recordkeeping. 

We are subject to scrutiny from regulators, elected officials, stockholders, investors and other stakeholders with respect to sustainability matters, which may adversely impact our ability to raise capital from certain investors, constrain capital deployment opportunities for our funds and harm our reputation. 

We, our funds and their portfolio companies are subject to scrutiny from regulators, elected officials, stockholders, investors and other stakeholders with respect to sustainability matters. In recent years, alternative asset managers have become subject to competing demands from different investors and other stakeholder groups with divergent views on sustainability matters, including the role of such matters in the investment process. Certain investors, including public pension funds, have placed increasing importance on the impacts of investments made by the private funds to which they commit capital, including with respect to climate change, among other aspects of sustainability. At times, investors, including public pension funds, have limited participation in certain investment opportunities, such as hydrocarbons, and/or conditioned future capital commitments to certain funds on the implementation of screens or other sector-specific investment guidelines. Conversely, certain investors have raised concerns as to whether the incorporation of sustainability factors in the investment and portfolio management process may be inconsistent with the fiduciary duty to maximize return for investors, or may result in the subordination of the interests of investors based solely or in part on sustainability considerations. Investors, including public pension funds, which represent a significant portion of our funds’ investor bases, may decide to withdraw previously committed capital (where such withdrawal is permitted) or not commit capital to future fundraises based on their assessment of how we approach and consider the sustainability cost of investments and whether the 
return-driven objectives of our funds align with their sustainability priorities. This divergence increases the risk that any action or lack thereof with respect to sustainability matters will be perceived negatively by at least some stakeholders and adversely impact our reputation and business. If we do not successfully manage 
sustainability-related expectations across the varied interests of our stakeholders, including existing or potential investors, our ability to access and deploy capital may be adversely impacted. In addition, a failure to successfully manage 
sustainability-related expectations may negatively impact our reputation and erode stakeholder trust. 

Certain investors also have begun to request or require data from their asset managers and/or use third-party benchmarks and ratings to allow them to monitor the sustainability impact of their investments. Regulatory initiatives that require investors to make disclosures to their stakeholders regarding sustainability matters have become increasingly common in certain jurisdictions, which may further increase the number and type of investors who place importance on these issues and who demand certain types of reporting from us or our funds. In addition, government authorities of certain U.S. states have requested information from and scrutinized certain asset managers with respect to whether such managers have adopted sustainability policies that consider 
non-pecuniary factors in the investment process or would restrict such asset managers from investing in certain industries or sectors, such as conventional energy. These authorities have indicated that asset managers they view to have adopted such policies may lose opportunities to manage money belonging to these states and their pension funds. 

38 

Table of Contents

There has been increased regulatory focus on sustainability-related practices by asset managers and the accuracy of statements made regarding such practices, including whether such statements are inaccurate or misleading, either because they overstate (often referred to as “greenwashing”) or understate the extent to which such asset managers are engaging in 
sustainability-related practices. Regulators have commenced enforcement actions against several investment advisers relating to sustainability disclosures and policies and procedures failures. Any perception or accusation that we are overstating, or, conversely, understating our engagement in 
sustainability-related practices could damage our reputation, result in litigation or regulatory actions, and adversely impact our ability to raise capital and attract new investors. Outside of the United States, the European regulatory environment for alternative investment fund managers and financial services firms continues to evolve and increase in complexity, making compliance more costly and 
time-consuming. See “—Climate change, climate and 
sustainability-related regulation and sustainability concerns could adversely affect our businesses and the operations of our funds’ portfolio companies, and any actions we take or fail to take in response to such matters could damage our reputation.” 

We may also communicate certain initiatives regarding environmental, human capital management, and other sustainability-related matters in our SEC filings or in other disclosures by us or our funds. These initiatives could be difficult and expensive to implement, the personnel, processes and technologies needed to implement them may not be cost effective and may not advance at a sufficient pace, and we may not be able to accomplish them within the timelines we announce or at all. We could, for example, determine that it is not feasible or practical to implement or complete certain of such initiatives based on cost, timing or other considerations. 

Furthermore, we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the disclosure related to our or our funds’ sustainability-related policies, practices and initiatives (and progress on those initiatives), which disclosure may be based on frameworks and standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of such initiatives, or for any revisions to these initiatives. Further, as part of our sustainability practices, we rely from time to time on 
third-party data, services and methodologies and such services, data and methodologies could prove to be incomplete or inaccurate. If our or such third parties’ 
sustainability-related data, processes or reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to achieve progress on a timely basis, or at all, we may be subject to enforcement action and our reputation could be adversely affected, particularly if in connection with such matters we were to be accused of greenwashing. 

Climate change, climate and sustainability-related regulation and sustainability concerns could adversely affect our businesses and the operations of our funds’ portfolio companies, and any actions we take or fail to take in response to such matters could damage our reputation. 

We, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies face risks associated with climate change including risks related to the impact of climate- and 
sustainability-related legislation and regulation (both domestically and internationally), risks related to business trends related to climate change and technology (such as the process of transitioning to a 
lower-carbon economy), and risks stemming from the physical impacts of climate change. 

Climate and sustainability-related regulations or interpretations of existing laws may result in enhanced disclosure obligations, which could negatively affect us, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies and materially increase the regulatory burden and cost of compliance. For example, in recent years the EU has adopted and the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (“CSRD”), the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (“SFDR”) and its corresponding Taxonomy Regulation, and the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (“CSDDD”), while the U.K. has implemented rules for its Sustainability Disclosure Requirements and investment 

39 

Table of Contents

labels regime (“SDR”) and an anti-greenwashing rule. In June 2024, BELL began reporting certain U.K.-law required climate-related financial information in line with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure’s recommendations. Several U.S. states are also at various stages of seeking to regulate climate-related disclosures. For example, California has enacted, and legislators in New York and other states have introduced, climate disclosure laws that could require us to report on, among other matters, greenhouse gas emissions and climate-related risks. These frameworks have detailed disclosure requirements that would impact us and/or certain of our funds and may conflict with certain of our other regulatory obligations, such as limitations on general solicitation for private funds. As a consequence, we may be unable to fully comply with some requirements of these new regimes, which could result in regulatory actions against us. In addition, the current U.S. Presidential administration or the U.S. Congress have and may continue to modify policies or regulations of the prior administration, including limitations on coal and gas electric generation, mining and/or exploration, as well as various tax incentives under the Inflation Reduction Act and other policies, programs, and offices intended to spur clean energy investment. While certain of our funds’ portfolio companies and investments may benefit from such policies, certain other portfolio companies and investments focused on renewables or other forms of green or renewable energy may be adversely impacted. 

Moreover, collecting, measuring and reporting the information and metrics required under various existing regulations has imposed administrative burden and increased cost on us. Such burden and cost are likely to increase if new or proposed regulations are enacted, particularly if the requirements imposed on us by various regulations lack harmonization on a global basis. We may also communicate certain climate-related initiatives, commitments and goals in our SEC filings or in other disclosures, which subjects us to additional risks, including the risk of being accused of greenwashing. 

Certain of our funds’ portfolio companies operate in sectors that could face transition risk. For certain of our funds’ portfolio companies, business trends related to climate change may require capital expenditures, product or service redesigns, and changes to operations and supply chains to meet changing customer expectations. While this can create opportunities, not addressing these changed expectations could create business risks for portfolio companies, which could negatively impact the value of such companies and the returns in our funds. For example, significant chronic or acute physical effects of climate change, including extreme weather events such as hurricanes, floods, or wildfires, can have an adverse impact on certain of our funds’ portfolio companies and investments, especially our real asset investments and portfolio companies that rely on physical factories, plants, stores or other assets located in the affected areas, or that focus on tourism or recreational travel. As the effects of climate change increase, we expect the frequency and impact of weather- and 
climate-related events and conditions to increase as well. 

In addition, our reputation and fundraising may be harmed if certain stakeholders, such as our limited partners or stockholders, believe that we are not adequately or appropriately responding to climate change or, conversely, are focusing on climate change in a way that is inconsistent with our fiduciary duty obligations, including through the way in which we operate our business, the composition of our funds’ existing portfolios, the new investments made by our funds, or the decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to climate change considerations. Moreover, we face business trends related to climate change risks, such as, for example, the increased attention to sustainability considerations by our fund investors, including in connection with their determination of whether to invest in our funds. See “—We are subject to scrutiny from regulators, elected officials, stockholders, investors and other stakeholders with respect to sustainability matters, which may adversely impact our ability to raise capital from certain investors, constrain capital deployment opportunities for our funds and harm our reputation.” 

40 

Table of Contents

Financial regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect our business. 

The financial services industry continues to be the subject of heightened regulatory scrutiny in the United States. There has been active debate over the appropriate extent of regulation and oversight of private investment funds and their managers. Our business may be adversely affected by new or revised regulations imposed by the SEC or other U.S. governmental regulatory authorities or self-regulatory organizations that supervise the financial markets. Our business also may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations by these governmental authorities and 
self-regulatory organizations. Further, new regulations or interpretations of existing laws may result in enhanced disclosure obligations, including with respect to climate matters, which could materially increase the regulatory burden imposed on us, our funds or our funds’ portfolio companies. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the 
“Dodd-Frank Act”), enacted in July 2010, imposed significant changes on almost every aspect of the U.S. financial services industry, including aspects of our business. The 
Dodd-Frank Act created the FSOC, an interagency body charged with identifying and monitoring systemic risk to financial markets. The FSOC can designate certain financial companies as nonbank financial companies subject to supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve Board”). If we were to be designated as such by the FSOC, or if any of our business activities were to be identified by the FSOC as warranting enhanced regulation or supervision by certain regulators, we could be subject to a materially greater regulatory burden. This could adversely impact our compliance and other costs, the implementation of certain of our investment strategies and our profitability. 

In addition, under the Dodd-Frank Act, whistleblowers who voluntarily provide original information to the SEC can receive compensation and protection, including payment equal to between 10% and 30% of certain monetary sanctions imposed in a successful government action resulting from the information provided by the whistleblower. Whistleblower claims have been substantial since the enactment of these provisions. Addressing such claims could generate significant expenses and take up significant management time for us and our funds’ portfolio companies, even if such claims are frivolous or without merit. 

Rule 206(4)-5 under the Advisers Act regulates “pay to play” practices by investment advisers involving campaign contributions and other payments to elected state and local officials who have the ability to, directly or indirectly, influence the hiring of an investment adviser by a government entity. The rule prohibits investment advisers from providing advisory services for compensation to a government plan investor for two years, subject to limited exceptions, after the investment adviser, its senior executives or certain other “covered associates” make a disqualifying political contribution or payment to any such government official. There are also similar rules at the state level. Any failure on our part to comply with such rules could result in enforcement action, expose us to significant penalties and reputational damage and disqualify us from relying on private offering securities exemptions pursuant to which we raise a material portion of our investor capital. 

In addition, the SEC’s “Regulation Best Interest” imposes a “best interest” standard of care for broker-dealers when recommending certain securities transactions to a customer. Regulation Best Interest requires such broker-dealers to evaluate available alternatives, including those that may have lower expenses and/or lower investment risk than our investment funds. The continued regulatory focus on Regulation Best Interest may negatively impact whether certain broker-dealers and their associated persons are willing to recommend investment products, including certain of our funds, to retail customers, which may adversely impact our ability to distribute our products to certain investors. Furthermore, the U.S. Department of Labor as well as several states have proposed regulations or taken other actions pertaining to conduct standards for investment advisers and broker-dealers that may result in additional requirements related to our business. Additionally, the SEC has instituted and settled multiple actions against investment advisers for violating its 2022 amended marketing rule, which imposed more prescriptive requirements on fund marketing. 

41 

Table of Contents

The potential for governmental policy and/or legislative changes and regulatory reform may create regulatory uncertainty for our investment strategies, may make it more difficult to operate our business, and may adversely affect the profitability of our funds’ portfolio companies. 

Governmental policy and/or legislative changes and regulatory reform could make it more difficult for us to operate our business, including by impeding fundraising or making certain investments or investment strategies unattractive or less profitable. In addition, our ability to identify business and other risks associated with new investments depends in part on our ability to anticipate and accurately assess regulatory, legislative and other changes that may have a material impact on our funds’ investments. Anticipating policy changes and reforms may be particularly difficult during periods of heightened partisanship at the federal, state and local levels, including due to the divisiveness surrounding populist movements, political disputes and socioeconomic issues. The failure to accurately anticipate the possible outcome of such changes and/or reforms could have a material adverse effect on the returns generated from our funds’ investments and our revenues. 

In addition, policy changes impacting the financial services industry could impose additional costs, require significant attention of our senior management and personnel or requires to change, or limit, the manner in which we conduct business. There has been recurring consideration amongst regulators and intergovernmental institutions regarding the role of nonbank institutions in providing credit and, particularly, so-called “shadow banking,” a term generally taken to refer to financial intermediation involving entities and activities outside the regulated banking system. Federal regulatory bodies, such as the FSOC, and international organizations, such as the Financial Stability Board, regularly assess financial stability-related risks associated with, among other things, nonbank lending and certain types of open-ended funds. At this time, whether any rules or regulations related thereto will be proposed is unclear. If nonbank financial intermediation became subject to regulations or oversight standards similar to those applicable to traditional banks, certain of our business activities, including nonbank lending, would be adversely affected and the regulatory burden on us would materially increase, which could adversely impact the implementation of our investment strategy and our returns. 

In addition, the FSOC has the authority to designate nonbank financial companies as systemically important financial institutions (“SIFIs”) subject to supervision by the Federal Reserve Board. Currently, there are no nonbank financial companies with a nonbank SIFI designation. The FSOC has, however, designated certain nonbank financial companies as SIFIs in the past, and additional nonbank financial companies, which may include large asset management companies such as us, may be designated as SIFIs in the future. If we were designated as a nonbank SIFI, including as a result of our asset management or nonbank lending activities, we could become subject to direct supervision by the Federal Reserve Board, and could become subject to enhanced prudential, capital, supervisory and other requirements, such as risk-based capital requirements, leverage limits, liquidity requirements, resolution plan and credit exposure report requirements, concentration limits, a contingent capital requirement, enhanced public disclosures, short-term debt limits and overall risk management requirements. Requirements such as these, which were designed to regulate banking institutions, would likely need to be modified to be applicable to an asset manager, although no proposals have been made indicating how such measures would be adapted for asset managers. 

In addition, future reviews by the FSOC of nonbank financial companies for designation as SIFIs may focus on other types of products and activities, such as nonbank lending activities conducted by certain of our businesses. If any of our activities were identified by the FSOC as posing potential risks to U.S. financial stability, such activities could be subject to modified or enhanced regulation or supervision by U.S. regulators with jurisdiction over such activities, although no proposals have been made indicating how such measures would be applied to any such identified activities. 

42 

Table of Contents

Trade negotiations and related government actions may create regulatory uncertainty for our funds’ portfolio companies and our investment strategies and adversely affect the profitability of our funds’ portfolio companies. 

In recent years, the U.S. government has taken substantial actions with respect to international trade policy, including seeking to renegotiate certain existing bilateral or multi-lateral trade agreements and treaties with foreign countries. The U.S. government has also imposed, and may in the future impose further, tariffs on certain foreign goods, such as steel and aluminum, from various countries, including China, Canada and Mexico. Some foreign governments, including China, Canada, and Mexico, have threatened or instituted retaliatory tariffs on certain U.S. goods. In February 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that many of the tariffs recently imposed by the U.S. government exceeded its authority, thereby invalidating many, but not all, of such tariffs. Subsequent to the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling, the U.S. Presidential administration raised potential alternative means through which the administration could impose tariffs and subsequently imposed a global tariff under a different law. The outlook on further trade policy actions, including trade agreements and potential retaliatory tariffs is unclear. Increased tariffs on goods imported from China, Canada, Mexico and other countries could further increase, costs, decrease margins and reduce the competitiveness of products and services offered by our portfolio companies. This has and could further adversely impact the revenues and profitability of select companies that have substantial sales of physical goods in the U.S. or whose businesses rely on goods imported from countries that are subject to significant tariffs. Further governmental actions related to the imposition of tariffs or other trade barriers or changes to international trade agreements or policies in respect of other jurisdictions could also have a similar adverse impact. 

The U.S. has also implemented a number of economic sanctions programs and export controls that specifically target Chinese entities and nationals on national security grounds, including, for example, with respect to China’s response to political demonstrations in Hong Kong and China’s conduct concerning the treatment of Uyghurs and other ethnic minorities in its Xinjiang province. Moreover, the U.S. has implemented additional sanctions against entities participating in China’s military industrial complex and providing support to the country’s military, intelligence, and surveillance apparatuses. These sanctions impose certain restrictions on U.S. persons and entities buying or selling publicly traded securities of these designated entities. Further escalation of the “trade war” between the U.S. and China, the countries’ inability to reach further trade agreements, or the continued use of reciprocal sanctions by each country, may negatively impact opportunities for investment as well as the rate of global growth, particularly in China, which has and continues to exhibit signs of slowing growth. Such slowing growth could adversely affect the revenues and profitability of our funds’ portfolio companies. 

There is uncertainty as to further actions that may be taken under the current U.S. Presidential administration with respect to U.S. trade policy, including in response to the U.S. Supreme Court’s February 2026 ruling. See “—Laws and regulations on foreign direct investment applicable to us and our funds’ portfolio companies, both within and outside the U.S., may make it more difficult for us to deploy capital in certain jurisdictions or to sell assets to certain buyers.” 

Our provision of products and services to insurance companies subjects us to a variety of risks and uncertainties. 

We have increasingly undertaken initiatives to deliver to insurance companies customizable and diversified portfolios of Blackstone products and strategies across asset classes, including investment grade and non-investment grade credit, with a focus on real estate, corporate, asset based and private credit. Our insurance initiatives include partial or full management of insurance companies’ general account or reinsurance assets. This strategy has in recent years contributed to meaningful growth in our Assets Under Management, including in Perpetual Capital Assets Under Management. BXCI’s insurance platform currently manages assets for a number of insurance companies and certain of their respective affiliates pursuant to several investment management agreements. Our insurance platform also manages or 
sub-manages assets for certain insurance-dedicated funds and special purpose vehicles, and has developed, and may continue to develop, other capital-efficient products for insurance companies. 

The continued success of our insurance platform will depend in large part on further developing investment partnerships with insurance company clients and maintaining existing asset management arrangements, including those described above. If we fail to deliver or originate high-quality, 
high-performing products, strategies or assets that help our insurance company clients meet 
long-term policyholder obligations, we may not be successful in retaining existing investment partnerships, developing new investment partnerships or originating or selling 
capital-efficient assets or products. Such failure may have a material adverse effect on our business, results and financial condition. 

43 

Table of Contents

The U.S. and non-U.S. insurance industries are subject to significant regulatory oversight. Regulatory authorities in many relevant jurisdictions have broad regulatory (including through certain regulatory support organizations), administrative, and in some cases discretionary, authority with respect to insurance companies and/or their investment advisors, which may include, among other things, the investments insurance companies may acquire and hold, marketing practices, affiliate transactions, reserve requirements and capital adequacy. These requirements are primarily concerned with the protection of policyholders, and regulatory authorities often have wide discretion in applying the relevant restrictions and regulations to insurance companies, which may indirectly affect us. We may be the target or subject of, or may have indemnification obligations related to, litigation (including class action litigation by policyholders), enforcement investigations or regulatory scrutiny. Regulators and other authorities generally have the power to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against insurance companies, which could result in, among other things, suspension or revocation of licenses, 
cease-and-desist
 orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action. To the extent we are involved in such regulatory actions, our reputation could be harmed, we may become liable for indemnification obligations and we could potentially be subject to enforcement actions, fines and penalties. 

In recent years, insurance regulatory authorities and regulatory support organizations have increased scrutiny of private equity and private credit managers’ involvement in the insurance industry, including with respect to the ownership by such managers or their affiliated funds of, and/or the management of assets on behalf of, insurance companies. For example, insurance regulators, including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (“NAIC”), the U.S. standard-setting and regulatory support organization for the insurance industry, have increasingly focused on the terms and structure of investment management agreements. This has included focus on whether such agreements are at arms’ length, establish a control relationship with the insurance company, grant the asset manager excessive authority or oversight over the investment strategy of the insurance company or provide for management fees that are not fair and reasonable or termination provisions that make it difficult or costly for the insurer to terminate the agreement. 
Non-U.S. regulators (including in Europe, Asia-Pacific, Bermuda and the Cayman Islands, among others) and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors, an international insurance standard-setting organization comprised of over 200 jurisdictions, have similarly focused on each of these topics. 

Regulators have also increasingly focused on the risk profile of certain investments held by insurance companies (including, without limitation, all or certain tranches of collateralized loan obligations and other structured securities), appropriateness of investment ratings (including private ratings) and potential conflicts of interest, including affiliated investments, and potential misalignment of incentives and any potential risks from these and other aspects of an insurance company’s relationship with alternative or private credit asset managers that may impact the insurance company’s risk profile. This enhanced scrutiny may increase the risk of regulatory actions against us and could result in new or amended regulations that limit our ability, or make it more burdensome or costly, to enter into new investment management agreements with insurance companies and thereby grow our insurance strategy. Some of the arrangements we have or will develop with insurance companies involve complex U.S. and non-U.S. tax structures for which no clear precedent or authority may be available. Such structures may be subject to potential regulatory, legislative, judicial or administrative change or scrutiny and differing interpretations and any adverse regulatory, legislative, judicial or administrative changes, scrutiny or interpretations may result in substantial costs to insurance companies or us. 

Insurance company investment portfolios are often subject to internal and regulatory requirements governing the categories and ratings of investment products and assets they may acquire and hold. Many of the investment products and strategies we originate or develop for, or other assets or investments we include in, insurance company portfolios will be rated and a ratings downgrade or any other negative action by a rating agency or the 

44 

Table of Contents

NAIC’s Securities Valuation Office (“SVO”), as applicable, with respect to such products, assets or investments could make them less attractive and limit our ability to offer such products to, or invest or deploy capital on behalf of, insurers. Furthermore, insurance companies are subject to certain minimum capital and surplus requirements that vary by the jurisdiction where the insurance company is domiciled and are generally subject to change over time. Our insurance company clients are subject to capital and solvency standards in their applicable jurisdictions, including, those imposed by U.S. state laws, Bermuda laws and U.K. laws, among others. New statutory accounting guidance or changes or clarifications in interpretations of existing guidance may adversely impact our ability to originate, or invest in, appropriate assets on behalf of our insurance company clients or cause our clients to increase their required capital in respect of such assets, thus making such assets less attractive to insurers, which may adversely affect our business. Certain proposals or exposure drafts released by insurance regulatory authorities, including the NAIC or the SVO, may result in changes to the risk-based capital treatment and/or ratings or 
re-ratings processes of certain assets or investments that are, or may be, held by our insurance company clients. For example, in 2024, the NAIC increased the applicable capital charge of residual tranches or equity securities of 
asset-based securitizations from 30% to 45% in respect of life insurers. This increase in the applicable RBC charge of such assets (or similar future changes in respect of other types of assets or tranches) could potentially make such assets or investments less attractive to insurers and limit our ability to originate, or invest in, such assets on behalf of insurers. 

We rely on complex exemptions from statutes in conducting our asset management activities. 

We regularly rely on exemptions from various requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), the Exchange Act, the 1940 Act, the Commodity Exchange Act and the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, in conducting our asset management activities. These exemptions are sometimes highly complex and may in certain circumstances depend on compliance by third parties whom we do not control. These exemptions may become unavailable to us for a variety of reasons, including, for example, if we or certain “covered persons” were to become the subject of a criminal, regulatory or court order or other “disqualifying event” under Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act that were not otherwise waived. If for any reason these exemptions were to become unavailable to us, we could become subject to regulatory action or third-party claims and our business could be materially and adversely affected. 

Complex regulatory regimes and potential regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the United States could adversely affect our business. 

Similar to the United States, our business and operations in the jurisdictions outside the United States, in particular Europe, are subject to extensive laws and regulation. Governmental regulators and other authorities in Europe have proposed or implemented a number of initiatives, rules and regulations that could adversely affect our business, including by imposing additional compliance and administrative burdens and increasing the costs of doing business in such jurisdictions. Increasingly, the rules and regulations in the financial sector in Europe are becoming more prescriptive. Rules and regulations in other jurisdictions are often informed by key features of U.S. and European rules and regulations and, as a result, our businesses in all jurisdictions, including across Asia, may become subject to increased regulation in the future. 

In Europe we are subject to, among others, the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”), the EU regulation on over-the-counter
 (“OTC”) derivative transactions, central counterparties and trade repositories (“EMIR”), the EU Central Securities Depositories Regulation (“CSDR”) and the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014 (2014/65/EU) (“MiFID II”). These regimes and regulations involve enhanced internal governance, disclosure and reporting requirements, create significant compliance and administrative burdens, and may require meaningful changes to the ways in which we conduct our business and operations. In addition, certain changes to AIFMD that comes into effect in 2026 may limit the use of leverage in certain funds, which could impact their fund returns, as well as may restrict certain alternative investment funds from marketing in specific EEA jurisdictions, which may impact our ability to raise capital from EEA investors. We additionally have regulatory capital and liquidity adequacy requirements for certain of our entities licensed under MiFID, as well as remuneration requirements of certain senior staff. Additional regulation around remuneration may make it harder for us to attract and retain talent, compared to competitors not subject to the same rules. 

45 

Table of Contents

Certain regulatory requirements in the EU and U.K. intended to enhance protection for retail investors and impose additional obligations on the distribution of certain products to retail investors may lead to increased costs and limit our ability to access capital from retail investors in certain jurisdictions. These include EU and U.K. rules requiring that retail investors in packaged retail investment and insurance products receive key information documents and U.K. rules enhancing duties related to distribution of financial products to retail investors. Furthermore, in May 2023, the European Commission announced its Retail Investment Strategy, which could result in new regulation that could impact our ability to offer our funds to retail investors in the EU. Data protection authorities have significant audit and investigatory powers to probe how personal data is being used and processed and breaches of these regulations can lead to significant fines, regulatory action and reputational risk. See “—Rapidly developing and changing global data security and privacy laws and regulations could increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcement risks and reputational damage.” European regulators, including the U.K. FCA and CSSF in Luxembourg are increasing their attention on greenwashing and rapidly developing and implementing regimes focused on sustainability within the financial services sector, which could adversely affect our business and the operations of our funds’ portfolio companies in various ways. See “—Climate change, climate and sustainability-related regulation and sustainability concerns could adversely affect our businesses and the operations of our funds’ portfolio companies, and any actions we take or fail to take in response to such matters could damage our reputation.” 

Laws and regulations on foreign direct investment applicable to us and our funds’ portfolio companies, both within and outside the U.S., may make it more difficult for us to deploy capital in certain jurisdictions or to sell assets to certain buyers. 

A number of jurisdictions, including the U.S., have restrictions on foreign direct investment pursuant to which their respective heads of state and/or regulatory bodies have the authority to block or impose conditions with respect to certain transactions, such as investments, acquisitions and divestitures, if such transaction threatens to impair national security. In addition, many jurisdictions restrict foreign investment in assets important to national security by taking steps including, but not limited to, placing limitations on foreign equity investment, implementing investment screening or approval mechanisms, and restricting the employment of foreigners as key personnel. These U.S. and foreign laws could limit our funds’ ability to invest in certain businesses or entities or impose burdensome notification requirements, operational restrictions or delays in pursuing and consummating transactions. For example, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (“CFIUS”) has the authority to review transactions that could result in potential control of, or certain types of non-controlling investments in, a U.S. business or U.S. real estate by a foreign person. In recent years, legislation has expanded the scope of CFIUS’ jurisdiction to cover more types of transactions and empower CFIUS to scrutinize more closely investments in certain transactions. CFIUS may recommend that the President block, unwind or impose conditions or terms on such transactions, certain of which may adversely affect the ability of the fund to execute on its investment strategy with respect to such transaction as well as limit our flexibility in structuring or financing certain transactions. Additionally, CFIUS or any 
non-U.S. equivalents thereof may seek to impose limitations on one or more such investments that may prevent us from maintaining or pursuing investment opportunities that we otherwise would have maintained or pursued, which could make it more difficult for us to deploy capital in certain of our funds. 

In August 2023, an executive order established an outbound investment screening regime (the “Outbound Order”), which was intended to regulate or prohibit certain investments by U.S. persons in advanced technology sectors in jurisdictions that may be designated as a “country of concern.” In January 2025, the current U.S. Presidential administration signed an Annex to the Outbound Order that identified China, along with the Special Administrative Regions of Hong Kong and Macau, as a “country of concern.” Similarly, in February 2025, the U.S. Presidential administration issued a memorandum to various regulatory agencies regarding enhanced restrictions 

46 

Table of Contents

on outbound investments into China, as well as on Chinese investments into the U.S. These actions could negatively impact our ability to raise capital from and to deploy capital in such jurisdictions, including if the administration seeks to expand such limitations to apply to a broader range of activities. Further, a number of U.S. states are passing and implementing state laws prohibiting or otherwise restricting the acquisition of interests in real property located in the state by foreign persons. Other jurisdictions, including the EU, may adopt similar outbound investment restrictions in the future. These laws may also impact the ability of certain non-U.S. limited partners to participate in certain of our investment strategies. 

Our funds’ investments outside of the United States may face delays, limitations, or restrictions as a result of notifications made under and/or compliance with these legal regimes and rapidly changing agency practices. Other countries continue to establish and/or strengthen their own national security investment clearance regimes, which could have a corresponding effect of limiting our ability to make investments in such countries. Heightened scrutiny of foreign direct investment worldwide may also make it more difficult for us to identify suitable buyers for investments upon exit and may constrain the universe of exit opportunities for an investment in a portfolio company. As a result of such regimes, we may incur significant delays and costs, be altogether prohibited from making a particular investment or impede or restrict syndication or sale of certain assets to certain buyers, all of which could adversely affect the performance of our funds and in turn, materially reduce our revenues and cash flow. Complying with these laws imposes potentially significant costs and complex additional burdens, and any failure by us or our funds’ portfolio companies to comply with them could expose us to significant penalties, sanctions, loss of future investment opportunities, additional regulatory scrutiny, and reputational harm. 

We are subject to substantial risk of litigation and regulatory proceedings and may face significant liabilities and damage to our reputation as a result of allegations of improper conduct and negative publicity. 

From time to time we, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies have been and may be subject to litigation, including class action lawsuits by stockholders, or those that challenge or attempt to enjoin our acquisition or sale transactions. For a discussion of certain legal proceedings to which we are a party, see “Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — 18. Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Litigation.” Any private lawsuits or regulatory actions brought against us and resulting in a finding of substantial legal liability could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, such actions, even if resulting in a favorable outcome to us, could result in significant reputational harm, which could seriously harm our business. 

In recent years, the volume of claims and amount of damages claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against the financial services industry in general have been increasing. The investment decisions we make in our asset management business and the activities of our investment professionals (including in connection with portfolio companies and investment advisory activities) may subject us, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies to the risk of third-party litigation or regulatory proceedings arising from investor dissatisfaction with the performance of those investment funds, alleged conflicts of interest, the suitability or manner of distribution of our products, including to retail investors, the activities of our funds’ portfolio companies and a variety of other claims. 

In addition, to the extent investors in our investment funds suffer losses resulting from fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct, investors may have remedies against us, our investment funds, our senior managing directors or our affiliates under the federal securities law and/or state law. While the general partners and investment advisers to our investment funds, including their directors, officers, other employees and affiliates, are generally indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by law with respect to their conduct in connection with the management of the business and affairs of our investment funds, such indemnity does not extend beyond as permitted by law or to actions determined to have involved fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct. The activities of our capital markets services business may also subject us to the risk of liabilities to our clients and third parties, including our clients’ stockholders, under securities or other 

47 

Table of Contents

laws in connection with transactions in which we participate. See “—Underwriting activities by our capital markets services business expose us to risks.” We depend to a large extent on our business relationships and our reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services to attract and retain investors and to pursue investment opportunities for our funds. As a result, allegations by private actors, regulators, or employees of improper conduct by us, even if unfounded, as well as negative publicity and press speculation about us, may harm our reputation. This could adversely impact our relationships with clients and our fundraising. In recent years, there has been increased activity on the part of certain activist and other organized groups, with respect to investments made by private funds. Such groups have at times contacted and otherwise sought to engage with government and regulatory bodies and fund investors, including public pension funds, on our funds’ investments, which has led to negative publicity that could harm our reputation. The pervasiveness of social media and public focus on the externalities of business activities could lead to wider dissemination of adverse or inaccurate information about us, making remediation more difficult and magnifying reputational risk. 

Employee misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subjecting us to significant legal liability and reputational harm. Fraud, deceptive practices or other misconduct at portfolio companies or service providers could similarly subject us to liability and reputational damage and also harm performance. 

Our employees could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. We are subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over the assets managed by our asset management business. The violation of these obligations and standards by any of our employees would adversely affect our clients and us. Our business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to companies in which we may invest. If our employees were to improperly use or disclose confidential information, we could suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position and current and future business relationships. Detecting or deterring employee misconduct is not always possible, and the extensive precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. 

We are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as amended (“FCPA”), as well as anti-money laundering laws. Any determination that we have violated the FCPA, the EU and U.K. anti-money laundering regimes, the U.K. anti-bribery and anti-fraud laws or other applicable anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-fraud or anti-money laundering laws could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties or material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence. Any one of these could adversely affect our business prospects, financial position or the price of our common stock. Such laws have attracted significant regulatory focus in recent years, including outside of the U.S. For example, the SEC will be responsible for examining investment advisers’ compliance with a U.S. Department of Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCEN”) rule currently scheduled to go into effect January 2028 that requires certain investment advisers and to, among other measures, adopt an anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism (“AML/CFT”) program, file certain reports with FinCEN and to maintain records related to such activities. The application of these rules would impose significant compliance costs on us. The EU and the U.K. are similarly revising and expanding their respective anti-money laundering regimes. While we have policies and procedures designed to ensure strict compliance by us and our personnel with the FCPA and anti-money laundering and other applicable laws, such policies and procedures may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations. In addition, other asset managers, particularly those who, unlike us, are not subject to the anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws of multiple jurisdictions, may have anti-corruption or anti-money laundering policies that provide such managers access to investment opportunities that may not be available to us because of our current policies and procedures. 

Furthermore, we may also be adversely affected if there is misconduct by personnel of our funds’ portfolio companies or by such companies’ service providers. For example, financial fraud or other deceptive practices at our funds’ portfolio companies, or failures by personnel at our funds’ portfolio companies to comply with anti-corruption, anti-bribery, 
anti-fraud, anti-money laundering, trade and economic sanctions, export controls, anti-harassment, 

48 

Table of Contents

anti-discrimination or other legal and regulatory requirements, could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties or material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct and securities litigation, and could also cause significant reputational and business harm to us. Such misconduct may undermine our due diligence efforts with respect to such portfolio companies and could negatively affect the valuations of the investments by our funds in such portfolio companies. Losses to our funds and us could also result from misconduct or other actions by service providers, such as administrators, consultants or other advisors, if such service providers improperly use or disclose confidential information, misappropriate funds, or violate legal or regulatory obligations. Moreover, we may face an increased risk of such misconduct to the extent our funds’ investment in 
non-U.S. markets, particularly emerging markets, increases. 

Poor performance of our investment funds would cause a decline in our revenue, income and cash flow, may obligate us to repay Performance Allocations previously paid to us, and could adversely affect our ability to raise capital for future investment funds. 

In the event that any of our investment funds were to perform poorly, our revenue, income and cash flow would decline because the value of our assets under management would decrease, which would result in a reduction in management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the Performance Revenues we earn. Moreover, we could experience losses on our investments of our own principal as a result of poor investment performance by our investment funds. Furthermore, if a carry fund does not achieve certain investment returns over its life as a result of poor performance of later investments, we will be obligated to repay the excess Performance Allocations that were previously distributed to us above the amount to which the relevant general partner is ultimately entitled. Similarly, certain of our vehicles’ terms require an offset of Performance Revenues related to past performance, often referred to as a “recoupment of loss carryforward.” If a recoupment of loss carryforward is triggered, including as a result of a meaningful decline in the vehicle’s revenues following a period of strong performance, such offset would serve to reduce the amount of future Performance Revenues to which we would be entitled in such vehicle. In the event that the offset is insufficient for the vehicle to fully recoup such loss carryforward, we may be required to make a cash payment after a certain period. 

Poor performance of our investment funds could make it more difficult for us to raise new capital. Investors in funds might decline to invest in future investment funds we raise and investors in hedge funds or other investment funds might withdraw their investments as a result of poor performance of the investment funds in which they are invested. Investors and potential investors in our funds continually assess our investment funds’ performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future investment funds and avoid excessive redemption levels will depend on our investment funds’ continued satisfactory performance. Accordingly, poor fund performance may deter future investment in our funds and thereby decrease the capital invested in our funds and ultimately, our management fee revenue. Alternatively, in the face of poor fund performance, investors could demand lower fees or fee concessions for existing or future funds which would likewise decrease our revenue. 

Furthermore, our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines or business, and, from time to time, we may pursue new or different investment strategies and expand into geographic markets and businesses that may not perform as expected and result in poor performance by us and our investment funds. In addition to the risk of poor performance, such activity may subject us to a number of risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with (a) the possibility that we have insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably or without incurring inappropriate amounts of risk, (b) the diversion of management’s attention from our core businesses, (c) known or unknown contingent liabilities, which could result in unforeseen losses for us and our funds, (d) the disruption of ongoing businesses, (e) the ability to properly manage conflicts of interest and (f) compliance with additional regulatory requirements. 

49 

Table of Contents

Our equity investments and some of our debt investments rank junior to investments made by others, exposing us to a greater risk of losing our fund’s investment. 

In many cases, the companies in which our funds invest will have indebtedness or equity securities, or may be permitted to incur indebtedness or to issue equity securities, that rank senior to our fund’s investment. By their terms, such instruments may provide that their holders are entitled to receive payments of distributions, interest or principal on or before the dates on which payments are to be made in respect of our fund’s investment. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a company in which an investment is made, holders of securities ranking senior to our fund’s investment would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before distributions could be made in respect of our fund’s investment. In addition, debt investments made by our funds in our portfolio companies may be equitably subordinated to the debt investments made by third parties in our portfolio companies. After repaying senior security holders, the company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying amounts owed in respect of our fund’s investment. To the extent any assets remain, holders of claims that rank equally with our fund’s investment would be entitled to share on an equal and ratable basis in distributions that are made out of those assets. Under such circumstances, the ability of our funds to influence a company’s affairs and to take actions to protect their investments during periods of financial distress or following an insolvency may be limited, exposing them to a greater risk of losing their investment. 

The historical returns attributable to our funds should not be considered as indicative of the future results of our funds or of our future results or of any returns expected on an investment in common stock. 

The historical and potential future returns of the investment funds that we manage are not directly linked to returns on our common stock. Therefore, any continued positive performance of the investment funds that we manage will not necessarily result in positive returns on an investment in our common stock. However, poor performance of the investment funds that we manage would cause a decline in our revenue from such investment funds, and would therefore have a negative effect on our performance and in all likelihood the returns on an investment in our common stock. Moreover, with respect to the historical returns of our investment funds: 

•

we may create new funds in the future that reflect a different asset mix and different investment strategies (including funds whose management fees represent a more significant proportion of the fees than has historically been the case), as well as a varied geographic and industry exposure as compared to our present funds, and any such new funds could have different returns from our existing or previous funds, 

•

the rates of returns of our carry funds reflect unrealized gains as of the applicable measurement date that may never be realized, which may adversely affect the ultimate value realized from those funds’ investments, 

•

competition for investment opportunities continues to increase as a result of, among other things, the increased amount of capital invested in alternative investment funds, 

•

our investment funds’ returns in some years benefited from investment opportunities and general market conditions that may not repeat themselves, our current or future investment funds might not be able to avail themselves of comparable investment opportunities or market conditions, and the circumstances under which our current or future funds may make future investments may differ significantly from those conditions prevailing in the past, 

•

newly established funds may generate lower returns during the period in which they initially deploy their capital, which may result in little or no carried interest due to performance hurdles and 

•

the rates of return reflect our historical cost structure, which may vary in the future due to various factors enumerated elsewhere in this report and other factors beyond our control, including changes in laws. 

50 

Table of Contents

The future internal rate of return for any current or future fund may vary considerably from the historical internal rate of return generated by any particular fund, or for our funds as a whole. In addition, future returns will be affected by the applicable risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including risks of the industries and businesses in which a particular fund invests. 

Certain policies and procedures implemented to mitigate potential conflicts of interest and address certain regulatory requirements may reduce the synergies across our various businesses. 

Because of our various asset management businesses and our capital markets services business, we will be subject to a number of actual and potential conflicts of interest and subject to greater regulatory oversight and more legal and contractual restrictions than that to which we would otherwise be subject if we had just one line of business. To mitigate these conflicts and address regulatory, legal and contractual requirements across our various businesses, we have implemented certain policies and procedures (for example, information walls) that may reduce the positive synergies that we cultivate across these businesses for purposes of identifying and managing attractive investments. For example, we may come into possession of confidential or material non-public information with respect to issuers in which we may be considering making an investment or issuers in which our affiliates may hold an interest; however, certain regulatory requirements and our policies and procedures require us to restrict access by certain personnel in our funds to such information. As a consequence of such policies and procedures, we may be precluded from providing such information or other ideas to our other businesses even where it might be of benefit to them. 

Our failure to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest in our asset management business could damage our reputation and adversely affect our businesses. 

As we have expanded, and continue to expand, the number and scope of our businesses, as well as the investor channels through which our products are offered, we increasingly confront potential conflicts of interest relating to our funds’ investment activities. Asset manager conflicts of interest continue to be a significant area of focus for regulators and the media. We may face a higher degree of scrutiny compared with asset managers that are smaller than we are or focus on fewer asset classes or narrower investor channels than we do. Certain of our funds may have overlapping investment objectives, including funds that have different fee structures and/or investment strategies that are more narrowly focused. Potential conflicts may arise with respect to allocation of investment opportunities among us, our funds and our affiliates, including to the extent that the fund documents do not mandate a specific investment allocation. For example, we may allocate an investment opportunity that is appropriate for two or more investment funds in a manner that excludes one or more funds or results in a disproportionate allocation based on factors or criteria that we determine, such as sourcing of the transaction, specific nature of the investment or size and type of the investment, and ability to execute quickly among other factors. We may also decide to provide a co-investment opportunity to certain investors in lieu of allocating more of that investment to our funds or 
vice-versa. Moreover, the challenge of allocating investment opportunities to certain funds may be exacerbated as we expand our business to include more lines of business, including more public vehicles. Allocating investment opportunities appropriately frequently involves significant and subjective judgments. The risk that fund investors or regulators could challenge allocation decisions as inconsistent with our obligations under applicable law, governing fund agreements or our own policies cannot be eliminated. In addition, the perception of 
non-compliance with such requirements or policies could harm our reputation with fund investors. 

We may also cause different funds to invest in a single portfolio company, for example where the fund that made an initial investment no longer has capital available to invest. We may also cause different funds that we manage to purchase different classes of securities in the same portfolio company. For example, one of our CLO funds could acquire a debt security issued by the same company in which one of our private equity funds owns common equity securities. A direct conflict of interest could arise between the debt holders and the equity holders if such a company were to develop insolvency concerns, and we would have to carefully manage that conflict. 

51 

Table of Contents

A decision to acquire material non-public information about a company while pursuing an investment opportunity for a particular fund gives rise to a potential conflict of interest when it results in our having to restrict the ability of other funds to take any action with respect to that company. Our affiliates or portfolio companies may be service providers or counterparties to our funds or portfolio companies and receive fees or other compensation for services that are not shared with our fund investors. In such instances, we may be incentivized to cause our funds or portfolio companies to purchase such services from our affiliates or portfolio companies rather than an unaffiliated service provider despite the fact that a 
third-party service provider could potentially provide higher quality services or offer them at a lower cost. In addition, conflicts of interest may exist in the valuation of our funds’ investments, as well as the personal trading or investment activities of employees and the allocation of fees and expenses among us, our funds and their portfolio companies, and our affiliates. Lastly, in certain, infrequent instances we may purchase an investment alongside one of our investment funds or sell an investment to one of our investment funds and conflicts may arise in respect of the allocation, pricing and timing of such investments and the ultimate disposition of such investments. A failure to appropriately deal with these, among other, conflicts, could negatively impact our reputation and ability to raise additional funds or result in potential litigation or regulatory action against us. Further, rules proposed or adopted by the SEC and other measures it takes to preclude or limit certain conflicts of interest may make it more difficult for our funds to pursue transactions that may otherwise be attractive to the fund and its investors, which may adversely impact fund performance. 

Conflicts of interest may arise in our allocation of co-investment opportunities. 

Potential conflicts will arise with respect to our decisions regarding how to allocate co-investment opportunities among investors and the terms of any such 
co-investments. As a general matter, our allocation of 
co- investment opportunities is within our discretion and there can be no assurance that 
co-investment opportunities of any particular type or amount will become available to any of our investors. We may take into account a variety of factors and considerations we deem relevant in allocating 
co-investment opportunities, including, without limitation, whether a potential 
co-investor has expressed an interest in evaluating 
co-investment opportunities, our assessment of a potential 
co-investor’s ability to invest an amount of capital that fits the needs of the investment and our assessment of a potential 
co-investor’s ability to commit to a 
co-investment opportunity within the required timeframe of the particular transaction. 

Our fund documents typically do not mandate specific allocations with respect to co-investments. The investment advisers of our funds may have an incentive to provide potential 
co-investment opportunities to certain investors in lieu of others and/or in lieu of an allocation to our funds, including, for example, as part of an investor’s overall strategic relationship with us, or if such allocations are expected to generate relatively greater fees or Performance Allocations to us than would arise if such 
co-investment opportunities were allocated otherwise. At the same time, we may have an incentive to offer 
co-investment opportunities to our funds in lieu of (or to an extent that reduces the amount available to) co-investors, particularly as we expand the number and type of private wealth products we offer. 

As a general matter, co-investors generally bear different fees and expenses than our funds. As a result, there may be conflicts of interest regarding the allocation of costs and expenses, such as expenses associated with broken deals, between 
co-investors and investors in our funds. In certain instances, 
co-investment arrangements may be structured through one or more of our investment vehicles. The terms of any such existing and future 
co-investment vehicles may differ materially, and in some instances may be more favorable to us, than the terms of certain of our funds or prior 
co-investment vehicles. Such different terms may create an incentive for us to allocate a greater or lesser percentage of an investment opportunity to such 
co-investment vehicles. There can be no assurance that any conflicts of interest will be resolved in favor of any particular investment funds or investors (including any applicable 
co-investors). As with our investment allocation decisions generally, there is a risk that regulators and/or investors could challenge our allocations of 
co-investment opportunities or fees and expenses. 

52 

Table of Contents

Valuation methodologies for certain assets in our funds can be subject to a significant degree of subjectivity and judgment, and the fair value of assets established pursuant to such methodologies may never be realized, which could result in significant losses for our funds and the reduction of Management Fees and/or Performance Revenues. 

Our investment funds make investments in illiquid investments or financial instruments for which there is little, if any, market activity. We determine the value of such investments and financial instruments on at least a quarterly basis based on the fair value of such investments as determined in accordance with GAAP. The fair value of such investments and financial instruments is generally determined using a primary methodology and corroborated by a secondary methodology. Methodologies are used on a consistent basis and described in Blackstone’s and the investment funds’ valuation policies and governing agreements. 

The determination of fair value using these methodologies takes into consideration a range of factors including, but not limited to, the price at which the investment was acquired, the nature of the investment, local market conditions, trading values on public exchanges for comparable securities, comparable market transactions, current and projected operating performance and financing transactions subsequent to the acquisition of the investment. These valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of subjective management judgment. For example, as to investments that we share with another sponsor, we may apply a different valuation methodology or factors or derive a different value than such other sponsor on the same investment. In addition, the valuations of our private investments may at times differ significantly from the valuations of publicly traded companies in similar sectors or with similar business models. 

For example, our private investments do not have observable market prices and valuations of such investments may take into account certain long-term financial projections or estimates, including those prepared by the management of a portfolio company or other investment. Such projections or estimates may not materialize and are based on significant judgments and assumptions at the time they are developed and may not be available to the public. Valuations of publicly traded companies, on the other hand, are based on the observable price in the reference market which are generally subject to a higher degree of market volatility. These differences and the potential exercise of our subjective judgment might cause some investors and/or regulators to question our valuations or methodologies, which may be particularly exacerbated for funds with monthly or daily valuations. There can be no assurance that our policies will address all necessary valuation factors or completely eliminate potential conflicts of interest in such determinations. The SEC continues to focus on issues related to valuation of private funds, including consistent application of the methodology, disclosure, and conflicts of interest. Further, variation in the underlying assumptions, estimates, methodologies and/or judgments we use in the determination of the value of certain investments and financial instruments could potentially produce materially different results. Valuation methodologies may also change from time to time. See “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation — Critical Accounting Policies” for an overview of our fair value policy and the significant judgment required in the application thereof. 

Because there is significant uncertainty in the valuation of, or in the stability of the value of illiquid investments, the fair values of such investments as reflected in an investment fund’s net asset value do not necessarily reflect the prices that would actually be obtained by us on behalf of the investment fund when such investments are realized. Realizations at values lower than the values at which investments have been reflected in prior fund net asset values would result in reduced gains or losses for the applicable fund, a decline in certain asset management fees and the reduction in potential Performance Revenues. Changes in values of investments from quarter to quarter may result in volatility in our investment funds’ net asset values, fees from those funds and the results of operations and cash flow that we report from period to period. Further, a situation where asset values turn out to be materially different than values reflected in prior funds’ net asset values could cause investors to lose confidence in us, which in turn could result in difficulty raising additional funds or redemptions from funds where investors hold redemption rights. 

53 

Table of Contents

Our use of borrowings to finance our business exposes us to risks. 

We use borrowings to finance our business operations as a public company and facilitate growth and expansion of our businesses, including warehousing investments for our funds. We have numerous outstanding notes with various maturity dates as well as other borrowings, including under the Revolving Credit Facility and in connection with such warehousing. As our borrowings mature, we will be required to refinance or repay such borrowings. In order to do so, we may enter into a new facility, use asset based financing arrangements or issue new notes, each of which could result in higher borrowing costs. We may also issue equity, which would dilute existing stockholders. Further, we may choose to repay such borrowings using cash on hand, cash provided by our continuing operations or cash from the sale of our assets, each of which could reduce the amount of cash available to facilitate the growth and expansion of our businesses, make repurchases under our share repurchase program and pay dividends to our stockholders, operating expenses and other obligations as they arise. 

In order to obtain new borrowings, or to extend or refinance existing borrowings, we are dependent on the willingness and ability of financial institutions such as global banks to extend credit to us on favorable terms or at all, and on our ability to access the debt and equity capital markets, which can be volatile. There is no guarantee that such financial institutions will continue to extend credit to us or that we will be able to access the capital markets to obtain new borrowings or refinance existing borrowings when they mature. In addition, the use of leverage to finance our business exposes us to the types of risk described in “—Dependence on significant leverage in investments by our funds could adversely affect our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments.” 

We or our funds have and may in the future also enter into “margin loans” whereby we or our funds borrow money from a bank and pledge the equity of the underlying portfolio company or real estate asset as collateral for the loan. The use of margin borrowings results in certain additional risks to the borrower. For example, should the securities pledged to brokers to secure our margin borrowings decline in value, we or our funds could be subject to a “margin call,” pursuant to which we or our funds must either deposit additional funds or securities with the broker, or suffer mandatory liquidation of the pledged securities to compensate for the decline in value. In the event of a sudden drop in the value of our assets, we or our funds might not be able to liquidate assets quickly enough to satisfy margin requirements. See “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Sources and Uses of Liquidity” for further information regarding our outstanding borrowings. 

Dependence on significant leverage in investments by our funds could adversely affect our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments. 

Many of our funds’ investments rely heavily on the use of leverage, and our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on investments will depend on our ability to access sufficient sources of indebtedness at attractive rates. For example, in many private equity and real estate investments, indebtedness may constitute as much as 70% or more of a portfolio company’s or real estate asset’s total debt and equity capitalization, including debt that may be incurred in connection with the investment. The absence of available sources of sufficient senior debt financing for extended periods of time could therefore materially and adversely affect our private equity and real estate businesses. Furthermore, limits on the deductibility of corporate interest expense could make it more costly to use debt financing for our acquisitions or otherwise have an adverse impact on the cost structure of our transactions, and could therefore adversely affect the returns on our funds’ investments. 

In addition, an increase in either the general levels of interest rates or in the risk spread demanded by sources of indebtedness would make it more expensive to finance those businesses’ investments. See “—Sustained periods of high interest rates and challenging debt market conditions negatively impact the values of certain assets or investments and the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to access capital markets, which could adversely affect investment and realization opportunities, lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income.” 

54 

Table of Contents

Investments in highly leveraged entities are inherently more sensitive to declines in revenues, increases in expenses and interest rates and adverse economic, market and industry developments. The incurrence of a significant amount of indebtedness by an entity could, among other things: 

•

give rise to an obligation to make mandatory pre-payments of debt using excess cash flow, which might limit the entity’s ability to respond to changing industry conditions to the extent additional cash is needed for the response, to make unplanned but necessary capital expenditures or to take advantage of growth opportunities, 

•

limit the entity’s ability to adjust to changing market conditions, thereby placing it at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors who have relatively less debt, 

•

allow even moderate reductions in operating cash flow to render it unable to service its indebtedness, leading to a bankruptcy or other reorganization of the entity and a loss of part or all of the equity investment in it, 

•

limit the entity’s ability to engage in strategic acquisitions that might be necessary to generate attractive returns or further growth and 

•

limit the entity’s ability to obtain additional financing or increase the cost of obtaining such financing, including for capital expenditures, working capital or general corporate purposes. 

As a result, the risk of loss associated with a leveraged entity is generally greater than for companies with comparatively less debt. 

When our funds’ existing portfolio investments reach the point when debt incurred to finance those investments matures in significant amounts and must be either repaid or refinanced, those investments may materially suffer if they have generated insufficient cash flow to repay maturing debt and there is insufficient capacity and availability in the financing markets to permit them to refinance maturing debt on satisfactory terms, or at all. If a limited availability of financing for such purposes were to persist for an extended period of time, when significant amounts of the debt incurred to finance our private equity and real estate funds’ existing portfolio investments came due, these funds could be materially and adversely affected. 

Many of the hedge funds in which our funds of hedge funds invest, our credit-focused funds and or CLOs, may choose to use leverage as part of their respective investment programs and regularly borrow a substantial amount of their capital. The use of leverage poses a significant degree of risk and enhances the possibility of a significant loss in the value of the investment portfolio. A fund may borrow money from time to time to purchase or carry securities or may enter into derivative transactions (such as total return swaps) with counterparties that have embedded leverage. The interest expense and other costs incurred in connection with such borrowing may not be recovered by appreciation in the securities purchased or carried and will be lost 
- and the timing and magnitude of such losses may be accelerated or exacerbated 
- in the event of a decline in the market value of such securities. Gains realized with borrowed funds may cause the fund’s net asset value to increase at a faster rate than would be the case without borrowings. However, if investment results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the fund’s net asset value could also decrease faster than if there had been no borrowings. 

Any of the foregoing circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 

55 

Table of Contents

The due diligence process that we undertake in connection with investments by our funds may not reveal all facts and issues that may be relevant in connection with an investment. 

When evaluating a potential business or asset for investment, we conduct due diligence that we deem reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances applicable to such investment. When conducting due diligence, we may be required to evaluate important and complex issues, including but not limited to those related to business, financial, credit risk, tax, accounting, sustainability, legal and regulatory and macroeconomic trends. Selecting and evaluating such factors is subjective by nature, and there is no guarantee that the criteria utilized or judgment exercised by Blackstone or a third-party specialist (if any) will reflect the policies or preferred practices of any particular investor or align with the practices of other asset managers or with market trends. The materiality of various risks and impact of such risks on an individual potential investment or portfolio as a whole depend on many factors, including the relevant industry, geography and asset class and the nature of the investment. The due diligence investigation that we will carry out with respect to any investment opportunity may not reveal or highlight all relevant facts (including fraud) or risks that may be necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity. In addition, we may not identify or foresee future developments that could have a material adverse effect on an investment, including, for example, rapidly changing fundamentals in a certain sector, geography or asset class, or technological disruption of a specific company or asset, or an entire industry, including as a result of the rapid development and implementation of AI Technologies. 

We may be unable to consummate or successfully integrate development opportunities, acquisitions or joint ventures that we pursue. 

We may from time to time seek to engage in selective development or acquisition of asset management businesses or other businesses complementary to our business where we think we can add substantial value or generate substantial returns. We may not be able to identify or consummate such opportunities, including due to competition for such opportunities, our ability to accurately value such opportunities and the need to negotiate acceptable terms, and obtain requisite approvals and licenses from the relevant governmental authorities, for such opportunities. Moreover, even if we are able to identify and successfully complete an acquisition, we may encounter unexpected difficulties or incur unexpected costs associated with integrating and overseeing the operations of the new businesses. 

We and our affiliates have reported in the past and may be required to report in the future specified dealings or transactions involving Iran or other sanctioned individuals or entities. 

The Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (“ITRA”) requires companies subject to SEC reporting obligations under Section 13 of the Exchange Act to disclose in their periodic reports specified dealings or transactions involving Iran or other individuals and entities targeted by certain OFAC sanctions, including, by way of example, the Russian Federal Security Service, engaged in by the reporting company or any of its affiliates during the period covered by the relevant periodic report. In some cases, ITRA requires companies to disclose these types of transactions even if they were permissible under U.S. law, including companies that are or may be at the time considered our affiliates. We do not independently verify or participate in the preparation of these disclosures. We have been in the past and may be in the future be required to separately file with the SEC a notice when such activities have been disclosed in our periodic reports, and the SEC is required to post such notice of disclosure on its website and send the report to the President and certain U.S. Congressional committees. The President thereafter is required to initiate an investigation and, within 180 days of initiating such an investigation, determine whether sanctions should be imposed. Disclosure of such activity, even if such activity is not subject to sanctions under applicable law, and any sanctions actually imposed on us or our affiliates as a result of these activities, could harm our reputation and have a negative impact on our business, and any failure to disclose any such activities as required could additionally result in fines or penalties. 

56 

Table of Contents

Our asset management activities involve investments in relatively illiquid assets, and we may fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time. 

Many of our investment funds invest in securities that are not publicly traded. In many cases, our investment funds may be prohibited by contract or by applicable securities laws from selling such securities for a period of time. Our investment funds will generally not be able to sell these securities publicly unless their sale is registered under applicable securities laws, or unless an exemption from such registration is available. The ability of many of our investment funds, particularly our private equity funds, to dispose of investments is heavily dependent on the public equity markets. For example, the ability to realize any value from an investment may depend upon the ability to complete an initial public offering of the portfolio company in which such investment is held. Even if the securities are publicly traded, large holdings of securities can often be disposed of only over a substantial length of time, exposing the investment returns to risks of downward movement in market prices during the intended disposition period. Moreover, because the investment strategy of many of our funds, particularly our private equity and real estate funds, often entails our having representation on our funds’ public portfolio company boards, our funds may be restricted in their ability to effect such sales during certain time periods. Accordingly, under certain conditions, our investment funds may be forced to either sell securities at lower prices than they had expected to realize or defer - potentially for a considerable period of time 
- sales that they had planned to make. 

We make investments in companies that are based outside of the United States, which may expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in companies that are based in the United States. 

Many of our investment funds invest a significant portion of their assets in the equity, debt, loans or other securities of issuers located outside the United States. International investments have increased and we expect will continue to increase as a proportion of certain of our funds’ portfolios in the future. Investments in non-U.S. securities involve certain factors not typically associated with investing in U.S. securities, including risks relating to: 

•

currency exchange matters, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates and costs associated with conversion of investment principal and income from one currency into another, 

•

less developed or efficient financial markets than in the United States, which may lead to potential price volatility and relative illiquidity, 

•

the absence of uniform accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards, practices and disclosure requirements and less government supervision and regulation, 

•

changes in laws or clarifications to existing laws that could impact our tax treaty positions, which could adversely impact the returns on our funds’ investments, 

•

a less developed legal or regulatory environment, differences in the legal and regulatory environment or enhanced legal and regulatory compliance, 

•

heightened exposure to corruption risk and/or economic sanctions risk in certain non-U.S. markets, 

•

political hostility to investments by foreign or private equity investors, 

•

reliance on a more limited number of commodity inputs, service providers and/or distribution mechanisms, 

•

more volatile or challenging market or economic conditions, including higher rates of inflation, 

•

higher transaction costs, 

•

difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations, 

•

fewer investor protections and less publicly available information about companies, 

57 

Table of Contents

•

certain economic and political risks, including potential exchange control regulations and restrictions on our non-U.S. investments and repatriation of profits on investments or of capital invested, the risks of war, terrorist attacks, political, economic or social instability, the possibility of expropriation or confiscatory taxation and adverse economic and political developments and 

•

the possible imposition of non-U.S. taxes or withholding on income and gains recognized with respect to such securities. 

In addition, investments in companies that are based outside of the United States may be negatively impacted by restrictions on international trade or the imposition of tariffs (and any resulting reciprocal tariffs), which have been an area of focus for the current U.S. Presidential administration. See “—Trade negotiations and related government actions may create regulatory uncertainty for our funds’ portfolio companies and our investment strategies and adversely affect the profitability of our funds’ portfolio companies.” 

We may not have sufficient cash to pay back “clawback” obligations if and when they are triggered under the governing agreements with our investors. 

In certain circumstances, at the end of the life of a carry fund (and earlier with respect to certain of our funds), we may be obligated to repay the amount by which Performance Allocations that were previously distributed to us exceed the amounts to which the relevant general partner is ultimately entitled on an after-tax basis. This includes situations in which the general partner receives in excess of the relevant Performance Allocations applicable to the fund as applied to the fund’s cumulative net profits over the life of the fund or, in some cases, the fund has not achieved investment returns that exceed the preferred return threshold. This obligation is known as a “clawback” obligation and is an obligation of any person who received such Performance Allocations, including us and other participants in our Performance Allocations plans. Although a portion of any dividends by us to our stockholders may include any Performance Allocations received by us, we do not intend to seek fulfillment of any clawback obligation by seeking to have our stockholders return any portion of such dividends attributable to Performance Allocations associated with any clawback obligation. To the extent we are required to fulfill a clawback obligation, however, our board of directors may determine to decrease the amount of our dividends to our stockholders. The clawback obligation operates with respect to a given carry fund’s own net investment performance only and performance of other funds are not netted for determining this contingent obligation. 

Adverse economic conditions may increase the likelihood that one or more of our carry funds may be subject to clawback obligations. To the extent one or more clawback obligations were to occur for any one or more carry funds, we might not have available cash at the time such clawback obligation is triggered to repay the Performance Allocations and satisfy such obligation. If we were unable to repay such Performance Allocations, we would be in breach of the governing agreements with our investors and could be subject to liability. Moreover, although a clawback obligation is several, the governing agreements of most of our funds provide that to the extent another recipient of Performance Allocations (such as a current or former employee) does not fund his or her respective share, then we and our employees who participate in such Performance Allocations plans may have to fund additional amounts (generally an additional 50-70% beyond our 
pro-rata share of such obligations) beyond what we actually received in Performance Allocations. Although we retain the right to pursue any remedies that we have under such governing agreements against those Performance Allocations recipients who fail to fund their obligations, we may not be successful in recovering such amounts. 

Investors in a number of our vehicles may withdraw their investments, and investors in certain of our vehicles may have a right to terminate our management of, or cause the dissolution of, such vehicles, which would lead to a decrease in our revenues. 

We have a number of vehicles that permit investors in such vehicles to withdraw their investments and/or terminate our management of such capital, as applicable and in certain cases, subject to certain limitations. Investors in our hedge funds may generally redeem their investments on a periodic basis following, in certain cases, the expiration of a specified period of time when capital may not be withdrawn, subject to the applicable fund’s specific redemption provisions. In addition, in many of our other open-ended and/or perpetual capital vehicles, 

58 

Table of Contents

including those that are available to individual investors, investors may request redemptions or repurchases of their interests on a periodic basis, subject to certain limitations. During periods of market volatility, investor subscriptions to such vehicles are likely to be reduced, and investor redemption or repurchase requests are likely to be elevated, which may negatively impact the fees we earn from such vehicles. Investor subscriptions to certain of such vehicles have also at times been, and may in the future be, reduced, and investor redemptions or repurchase requests elevated, in the face of negative media or public sentiment with respect to the asset classes of such vehicles. In addition, in a declining market, our liquid or semi-liquid vehicles have and may continue to experience declines in value, which may be provoked and/or exacerbated by margin calls and forced selling of assets. Investors may also seek to redeem their interests due to changes in interest rates that make other investments more attractive, rebalancing of their asset allocations, changes in investor perception of us and our reputation, unhappiness with a fund’s performance or investment strategy, departures or changes in responsibilities of key investment professionals, and liquidity needs. 

To the extent appropriate and permissible under a vehicle’s constituent documents, we have previously and may in the future limit or prorate redemptions or repurchases in such vehicle for a period of time. This has, and may in the future, make such vehicles less attractive to investors and negatively impact subscriptions to such vehicles for a period of time, which could have a material adverse effect on the revenues we derive from such vehicles. For example, market volatility drove a material increase in BREIT repurchase requests beginning in late 2022, and pursuant to the terms of the vehicle, BREIT began to prorate such requests beginning in November 2022. BREIT inflows also materially declined after proration was announced, which led to net outflows in BREIT. The inclusion of redemption features in investment vehicles creates heightened risk of operational error, including with respect to the calculation of net asset values, which could expose us to increased risk of litigation, regulatory action and reputational damage. 

In addition, we currently manage a significant portion of investor assets through separately managed accounts whereby we earn management and/or incentive fees, and we intend to continue to seek additional separately managed account mandates. The investment management agreements we enter into in connection with managing separately managed accounts on behalf of certain clients may be terminated by such clients on as little as 30 days’ prior written notice. In addition, the boards of directors of the investment management companies we manage could terminate our advisory engagement of those companies, on as little as 30 days’ prior written notice. In the case of any such terminations, the management and incentive fees we earn in connection with managing such account or company would immediately cease, which could result in a significant adverse impact on our revenues. 

The governing agreements of many of our investment funds provide that, subject to certain conditions, third- party investors in those funds have the right to remove the general partner of the fund or to accelerate the termination date of the investment fund without cause by a majority or supermajority vote, resulting in a reduction in management fees we would earn from such investment funds and a significant reduction in the amounts of Performance Revenues from those funds. Performance Revenues could be significantly reduced as a result of our inability to maximize the value of investments by an investment fund during the liquidation process or in the event of the triggering of a “clawback” obligation or a recoupment of loss carry forward amounts. In addition, the governing agreements of our investment funds provide that in the event certain “key persons” in our investment funds do not meet specified time commitments with regard to managing the fund, then investors in certain funds have the right to vote to terminate the investment period by a specified percentage (including, in certain cases, a simple majority) vote in accordance with specified procedures, accelerate the withdrawal of their capital on an 
investor-by-investor
 basis, or the fund’s investment period will automatically terminate and a specified percentage (including, in certain cases, a simple majority) vote of investors is required to restart it. In addition, the governing agreements of some of our investment funds provide that investors have the right to terminate, for any reason, the investment period by a vote of 75% of the investors in such fund. In addition to having a significant negative impact on our revenue, net income and cash flow, the occurrence of such an event with respect to any of our investment funds would likely result in significant reputational damage to us. 

59 

Table of Contents

In addition, because our investment funds have advisers that are registered under the Advisers Act, an “assignment” of the management agreements of our investment funds (which may be deemed to occur in the event these advisers were to experience a change of control) would generally be prohibited without consent of the investment fund, which may require investor consent. We cannot be certain that consents required for assignments of our investment management agreements will be obtained if a change of control occurs, which could result in the termination of such agreements and the corresponding loss of revenue. In addition, with respect to our 1940 Act registered funds, the continuance of each investment fund’s investment management agreement generally must be approved annually by the fund’s board of directors, including independent members of such fund’s board of directors and, in certain cases, by its stockholders, as required by law. Termination of these agreements would cause us to lose the fees we earn from such investment funds. 

Third-party investors in our investment funds with commitment-based structures may not satisfy their contractual obligation to fund capital calls when requested by us, which could adversely affect a fund’s operations and performance. 

We depend on investors in our carry funds (and certain of our hedge funds) to fulfill their capital commitments in order for those funds to consummate investments, and otherwise pay their obligations (for example, management fees) when due. A default by an investor may also limit a fund’s availability to incur borrowings and avail itself of what would otherwise have been available credit. We have not had investors default on capital calls to any meaningful extent. Third-party investors in carry funds typically use distributions from prior investments to meet future capital calls. In cases where valuations of investors’ existing investments fall and the pace of distributions slows, investors may be unable to make new commitments to third-party managed investment funds such as those advised by us. If investors were to fail to satisfy a significant amount of capital calls for any particular fund or funds, the operation and performance of those funds could be materially and adversely affected. 

Risk management activities may adversely affect the return on our funds’ investments. 

When managing our exposure to market risks, we may (on our own behalf or on behalf of our funds) from time to time use forward contracts, options, swaps, caps, collars and floors or pursue other strategies or use other forms of derivative instruments to limit our exposure to changes in the relative values of investments that may result from market developments, including changes in prevailing interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. The use of derivative financial instruments and other risk management strategies may not be properly designed to hedge, manage or otherwise reduce the risks we have identified. In addition, we may not be able to identify, or may not have fully identified, all applicable material market risks to which we are exposed. We may also choose not to hedge, in whole or in part, any of the risks that have been identified. The success of any hedging or other derivatives transactions generally will depend on our ability to correctly predict market changes, the degree of correlation between price movements of a derivative instrument, the position being hedged, the creditworthiness of the counterparty and other factors, some of which may be beyond our ability to hedge. As a result, while we may enter into a transaction in order to reduce our exposure to market risks, the unintended market changes may result in poorer overall investment performance than if it had not been executed. Such transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the value of a hedged position increases. 

While such hedging arrangements may reduce certain risks, such arrangements themselves may entail certain other risks. These arrangements may require the posting of cash collateral at a time when a fund has insufficient cash or illiquid assets such that the posting of the cash is either impossible or requires the sale of assets at prices that do not reflect their underlying value. In addition, if our derivative counterparties or clearinghouses fail to meet their obligations with respect to the posting of cash collateral, our efforts to mitigate certain risks may be ineffective. Moreover, these hedging arrangements may generate significant transaction costs, including potential tax costs, that reduce the returns generated by a fund. 

60 

Table of Contents

Finally, the regulation of derivatives and commodity interest transactions in the United States and other countries is a rapidly changing area of law and is subject to ongoing modification by governmental and judicial action. Newly instituted and amended regulations could significantly increase the cost of entering into derivative contracts (including through requirements to post collateral, which could negatively impact available liquidity), materially alter the terms of derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks, reduce our ability to restructure our existing derivative contracts and increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. Furthermore, the CFTC may in the future require certain foreign exchange products to be subject to mandatory clearing, which could increase the cost of entering into currency hedges. 

Certain of our investment funds may invest in securities of companies that are experiencing significant financial or business difficulties, including companies involved in bankruptcy or other reorganization and liquidation proceedings. Such investments are subject to a greater risk of poor performance or loss. 

Business enterprises in certain of our investment funds, especially our credit-focused funds, may be involved in or experience work-outs, liquidations, spin-offs, reorganizations, bankruptcies and similar transactions and may purchase high-risk receivables. An investment in such business enterprises entails the risk that the transaction in which such business enterprise is involved either will be unsuccessful, will take considerable time or will result in a distribution of cash or a new security the value of which will be less than the purchase price to the fund of the security or other financial instrument in respect of which such distribution is received. In addition, if an anticipated transaction does not in fact occur, the fund may be required to sell its investment at a loss. Investments in troubled companies may also be adversely affected by U.S. federal and state laws relating to, among other things, fraudulent conveyances, voidable preferences, lender liability and a bankruptcy court’s discretionary power to disallow, subordinate or disenfranchise particular claims. Investments in securities and private claims of troubled companies made in connection with an attempt to influence a restructuring proposal or plan of reorganization in a bankruptcy case may also involve substantial litigation. Because there is substantial uncertainty concerning the outcome of transactions involving financially troubled companies, there is a potential risk of loss by a fund of its entire investment in such company. Adverse publicity and investor perceptions, whether or not based on fundamental analysis, may also decrease the value and liquidity of securities rated below investment grade or otherwise adversely affect our reputation. 

In addition, at least one federal Circuit Court has determined that an investment fund could be liable for ERISA Title IV pension obligations (including withdrawal liability incurred with respect to union multiemployer plans) of its portfolio companies, if such fund is a “trade or business” and the fund’s ownership interest in the portfolio company is significant enough to bring the investment fund within the portfolio company’s “controlled group.” While a number of cases have held that managing investments is not a “trade or business” for tax purposes, the Circuit Court in this case concluded the investment fund could be a “trade or business” for ERISA purposes based on certain factors, including the fund’s level of involvement in the management of its portfolio companies and the nature of its management fee arrangements. Litigation related to the Circuit Court’s decision suggests that additional factors may be relevant for purposes of determining whether an investment fund could face “controlled group” liability under ERISA, including the structure of the investment and the nature of the fund’s relationship with other affiliated investors and co-investors in the portfolio company. Moreover, regardless of whether an investment fund is determined to be a “trade or business” for purposes of ERISA, a court might hold that one of the fund’s portfolio companies could become jointly and severally liable for another portfolio company’s unfunded pension liabilities pursuant to the ERISA “controlled group” rules, depending upon the relevant investment structures and ownership interests as noted above. 

61 

Table of Contents

Investments by our funds in the power and energy industries involve various operational, construction, regulatory and market risks. 

The development, operation and maintenance of power and energy generation facilities involves many risks, including, as applicable, labor issues, start-up risks, breakdown or failure of facilities, lack of sufficient capital to maintain the facilities and the dependence on a specific fuel source. Power and energy generation facilities in which our funds invest are also subject to risks associated with volatility in the price of fuel sources and the impact of unusual or adverse weather conditions or other natural events, such as droughts, wildfires or hurricanes, as well as the risk of performance below expected levels of output, efficiency or reliability. The occurrence of any such items could result in lost revenues and/or increased expenses. In turn, such developments could impair a portfolio company’s ability to repay its debt or conduct its operations. We may also choose or be required to decommission a power generation facility or other asset. The decommissioning process could be protracted and result in the incurrence of significant financial and/or regulatory obligations or other uncertainties. 

Our power and energy sector portfolio companies may also face construction risks typical for power generation and related infrastructure businesses. Such developments could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of construction activities once undertaken. Delays in the completion of any power project may result in lost revenues or increased expenses, including higher operation and maintenance costs related to such portfolio company. 

The power and energy sectors are the subject of substantial and complex laws, rules and regulation by various federal and state regulatory agencies. These include environmental laws that may expose our investments to increased environmental liabilities, including those that did not exist at the time of acquisition. Failure to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations could result in the prevention of operation of certain facilities or the prevention of the sale of such a facility to a third party, as well as the loss of certain rate authority, refund liability, penalties and other remedies. Each of these could result in additional costs to a portfolio company and adversely affect investment results. In addition, the increased scrutiny placed by regulators, elected officials and certain investors with respect to the incorporation of sustainability factors in the investment process and the impact of certain investments made by our energy funds has negatively impacted and is likely to continue to negatively impact our ability to exit certain of our conventional energy investments on favorable terms. For instance, OBBBA significantly reduced or accelerated the phase out of many existing clean tax credits established by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. Legislative efforts by either party to overturn or modify policies or regulations enacted by the prior U.S. presidential administration could adversely affect certain investments, including our alternative energy investments. Additionally, certain investors have raised concerns as to whether the incorporation of sustainability factors in the investment and portfolio management process may be inconsistent with the fiduciary duty to maximize returns for investors, which may result in such investors calling into question certain non-conventional energy investments made by our energy funds. 

In addition, the performance of the investments made by our credit and equity funds in the energy and natural resources markets are also subject to a high degree of market risk, as such investments are likely to be directly or indirectly substantially dependent upon prevailing prices of oil, natural gas and other commodities. Oil and natural gas prices are subject to wide fluctuation in response to factors beyond the control of us or our funds’ portfolio companies, including relatively minor changes in the supply and demand for oil and natural gas, market uncertainty, the level of consumer product demand, weather conditions, climate change initiatives, governmental regulation (including with respect to trade and economic sanctions), the price and availability of alternative fuels, political and economic conditions in oil producing countries, foreign supply of such commodities and overall domestic and foreign economic conditions. These factors make it difficult to predict future commodity price movements with any certainty. 

62 

Table of Contents

Our funds’ investments in real estate and infrastructure assets, including digital infrastructure, may expose us to increased risks that are inherent in the ownership of such assets. 

Investments in real estate and infrastructure assets may expose us to increased risks that are inherent in the development and ownership of real assets. For example: 

•

Ownership of real estate and infrastructure assets may present risks of liabilities for personal and property injury or impose significant operating challenges and costs with respect to compliance with zoning or environmental laws, among others. This may expose our investments to increased environmental liabilities, including those that did not exist at the time of acquisition. 

•

Real estate and infrastructure and asset investments are subject to various construction risks that could result in unanticipated delays or expenses or prevent the completion of construction once undertaken. These include, without limitation: (a) labor disputes, shortages of material and skilled labor, or work stoppages, (b) delays in construction caused by adverse weather conditions, materials delays, insufficient power sources or equipment failure, (c) less than optimal coordination with public utilities in the relocation of their facilities and (d) catastrophic events such as explosions, fires or terrorist attacks. Recourse against the contractor may be subject to liability caps or may be subject to default or insolvency on the part of the contractor. 

•

The operation of real estate and infrastructure and assets is exposed to potential unplanned interruptions caused by significant events, including natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war, pandemics and other severe public health events, as well as other uninsured or uninsurable risks. These risks could adversely impact the cash flows available from such assets, cause personal injury or loss of life, damage property, or instigate disruptions of service. In addition, the cost of repairing or replacing damaged assets could be considerable. Repeated or prolonged service interruptions may result in permanent loss of customers, litigation, or penalties for regulatory or contractual non-compliance. 

•

The management of the business or operations of real estate and infrastructure assets may be contracted to a third-party management company unaffiliated with us. Although it may be possible to replace any such operator, the failure of such an operator to adequately perform its duties or to act in ways that are in our best interest, or the breach by an operator of applicable agreements or laws, rules and regulations, including prohibitions against bribing of government officials, could have an adverse effect on the investment’s financial condition or results of operations or cause us serious reputational and legal harm. Investments may involve the subcontracting of design and construction activities in respect of projects, and, as a result, are subject to the risks that contractual provisions passing liabilities to a subcontractor are ineffective, a subcontractor fails to perform services which it has agreed to perform and a subcontractor becomes insolvent. 

•

To the extent our real estate or infrastructure funds acquire direct or indirect interests in undeveloped land or underdeveloped real property, including in connection with digital infrastructure investments, such land and property is often non-income producing and will therefore be particularly exposed to a number of the risks outlined above. 

In addition, real estate and infrastructure investments are subject to extensive laws and regulations, including the risk of changes thereto. In real estate, we have seen an increased focus toward rent regulation as a means to address residential affordability caused by undersupply of housing in certain markets in the U.S. and Europe. Such regulation has contributed to adverse operating performance in certain parts of our residential real estate portfolio, including by moderating rent growth in certain geographies and markets. With respect to infrastructure assets, services provided by such assets may be subject to rate regulations by government entities that determine or limit prices that may be charged. In addition, users of applicable services or government entities in response to such users may react negatively to any adjustments in rates and thus reduce the profitability of such infrastructure investments. Infrastructure investments also often involve an ongoing commitment to municipal, state, federal or 

63 

Table of Contents

foreign government or regulatory agencies. The nature of these obligations exposes us to a higher level of regulatory control than typically imposed on other businesses and may require us to rely on complex government licenses, concessions, leases or contracts, which may be difficult to obtain or maintain. Such licenses, concessions, leases or contracts may also be terminated for convenience without adequate compensation. Further, many of our funds’ infrastructure investments are in critical infrastructure sectors, such as transportation systems, energy and digital infrastructure, which are generally subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny at the time of investment and ongoing compliance requirements. Such requirements are likely to expand our compliance burdens, costs and enforcement risks. 

Our real estate and infrastructure funds have in recent years substantially increased their exposure to digital infrastructure investments, which, in addition to being subject to many of the risks outlined above, are subject to additional risks. The increase in exposure to digital infrastructure has supported strong performance for our real estate and infrastructure funds. Such performance would be difficult to replicate if demand for digital infrastructure were substantially reduced, including as a result of economic slowdown, regulatory impediments or changes in the needs or strategies of a relatively small number of key customers on behalf of which our funds have undertaken development. Digital infrastructure demand is highly concentrated in a small number of large counterparties. Such concentration makes the value of digital infrastructure assets particularly susceptible to the risk of financial distress, consolidation or change in capital and expenditure trends of a single or small number of tenants. Digital infrastructure requires significant upfront and ongoing capital expenditure for land, power, construction and equipment, as well as access to reliable power sources, which may be constrained in key markets. An increase in the price of such inputs can increase build and operating costs and reduce the profitability of such investments. The inability to access sufficient power could constrain our ability to develop land acquired for digital infrastructure or to deliver the levels of power required by tenants, each of which could negatively impact the value of our funds’ investments. Given the long-term nature of many of the tenant leases at our funds’ digital infrastructure assets, a prolonged period of high interest rates could also negatively impact the valuation of such assets to the extent the contractual rent escalators in such leases are insufficient to offset increased costs. In addition, advancements in computing and AI Technologies, including efficiency improvements (without related increases in the adoption and development of such technologies), as well as technological changes that render existing data center designs less competitive or require significant redevelopment, could negatively impact demand for, and the valuation of, our digital infrastructure assets. The digital infrastructure sector is also highly competitive, with pressure from various data center operators and hyperscalers building their own facilities. In addition, digital infrastructure assets have recently faced and continue to face increasing opposition from local communities and organizations. These factors may make it more difficult to deploy additional capital and continue to grow our investments in the sector. 

Our funds’ investments in the life sciences industry may expose us to increased risks. 

Investments by BXLS may expose us to increased risks. For example, 

•

BXLS’s strategies include, among others, investments that are referred to as “corporate partnership” transactions. Corporate partnership transactions are risk-sharing collaborations with biopharmaceutical and medical device partners on drug and medical device development programs and investments in royalty streams of 
pre-commercial biopharmaceutical products. BXLS’s ability to source corporate partnership transactions has been, and will continue to be, in part dependent on the ability of special purpose development companies to identify, diligence, negotiate and in many cases, take the lead in executing the agreed development plans. Moreover, as such special purpose development companies are jointly owned by us or our affiliates and unaffiliated life sciences investors, we (and our funds) are not the sole beneficiaries of such sourcing strategies and capabilities of such special purpose development companies. In addition, payments to BXLS under such corporate partnerships (which can include future royalty or other 
milestone-based payments) are often contingent upon the achievement of certain milestones, including approvals of the applicable product candidate and/or product sales thresholds, over which BXLS may not have the ability to exercise meaningful control. 

64 

Table of Contents

•

Life sciences and healthcare companies are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, similar foreign regulatory authorities and, to a lesser extent, other federal and state agencies. If a company in which our funds are invested is unable to obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, or a product candidate in which our funds are invested does not obtain regulatory approval, in a timely fashion or at all, including as a result of a delayed, hindered or abandoned clinical trials, the value of our fund’s investment would be adversely impacted. 

•

To the extent our BXLS portfolio companies’ intellectual property positions are challenged, invalidated or circumvented, the value of BXLS’s investment or BXLS’ rights in a termination event may be impaired. The success of a life sciences investment depends in part on the ability of the biopharmaceutical or medical device companies to obtain and defend patent rights and other intellectual property rights that are important to the commercialization of such products. The patent positions of such companies often involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions, which can leave them open to challenge or interpretation. 

•

The value of BXLS’ pre-commercial investments is tied to the anticipated commercial success of the product being developed. In both the U.S. and foreign markets, the successful sale of a life sciences company’s product depends on the ability to obtain and maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers, including government healthcare programs and private insurance plans. Governments and third-party payers continue to pursue aggressive initiatives to contain costs and manage drug utilization and are increasingly focused on the effectiveness, benefits and costs of similar treatments, which could result in lower reimbursement rates and narrower populations for whom the products will be reimbursed by third-party payers. In addition, U.S. regulatory agencies have implemented and may continue to implement substantial policy changes with respect to certain types of life sciences products. Such policy changes and any related legislation may create challenging market dynamics, including lower consumer demand, for certain products. This would make identifying new investments and realizing an appropriate return on investments more difficult for BXLS. 

Hedge fund investments are subject to numerous additional risks. 

Investments by our funds of hedge funds in other hedge funds, as well as investments by our credit-focused, real estate debt and other hedge funds and similar products, are subject to numerous additional risks, including the following: 

•

Certain of the funds in which we invest are newly established without any operating history or are managed by less established management companies or general partners. 

•

Generally, the execution of third-party hedge funds’ investment strategies is subject to the sole discretion of the management company or the general partner of such funds. As a result, we do not have the ability to control the funds’ investment activities, including investment selection, any deviation from investment strategy, the liquidation of positions and the use of leverage, each of which may impact our ability to generate a successful return. 

•

Hedge funds may engage in speculative trading strategies, including short selling. A fund may be subject to substantial losses if a security lender demands return of the lent securities and an alternative lending source cannot be found or if the fund is otherwise unable to borrow securities that are necessary to hedge or cover its positions. 

•

Hedge funds are exposed to counterparty risk, including that a counterparty may dispute and not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions, thus causing the fund to suffer a loss. Counterparty risk is accentuated for contracts with longer maturities where events may intervene to prevent settlement, or where the fund has concentrated its transactions with a single or small group of counterparties. Moreover, the funds’ internal consideration of the creditworthiness of their counterparties may prove insufficient. The absence of a regulated market to facilitate settlement may increase the potential for losses. 

65 

Table of Contents

•

Large financial institutions are dependent on one another to meet their liquidity or operational needs, such that a default by one may cause a series of defaults by the others. This “systemic risk” may adversely affect the financial intermediaries (such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges) with which the hedge funds interact on a daily basis. 

•

The efficacy of investment and trading strategies depends largely on the ability to establish and maintain an overall market position in a combination of financial instruments. A hedge fund’s trading orders may not be executed in a timely and efficient manner due to various circumstances, including systems failures or human error. In such event, the funds might not be able to acquire all components of the position, or the funds might not be able to make a needed adjustment to the overall position. As a result, the funds would not be able to achieve the desired market position, and might incur a loss in liquidating their position. 

•

Hedge funds are subject to risks due to potential illiquidity of assets. Timely divestiture or sale of trading positions can be impaired by decreased trading volume, increased price volatility and concentrated or difficult-to-transfer
 trading positions. It may be impossible or costly for hedge funds to liquidate positions rapidly in order to meet margin calls or withdrawal requests, particularly if other market participants are seeking to dispose of similar assets, the relevant market is otherwise moving against a position or a trading halt or daily limit is imposed by an exchange. Any “gate” or similar limitation on withdrawals with respect to hedge funds may not be effective in mitigating illiquidity risk. Moreover, these risks may be exacerbated for our funds of hedge funds to the extent multiple funds in which they invest hold illiquid positions in the same issuer. 

•

The prices of commodities, futures, options and other derivatives are highly volatile and may be subject to the theoretically unlimited risk of loss in certain circumstances, including if the hedge fund writes a call option. Price movements are influenced by, among other things, interest rates, changing supply and demand relationships, trade, fiscal, monetary and exchange control programs and governmental and geopolitical policies. The value of futures, options and swap agreements also depends upon the price of the commodities underlying them and prevailing exchange rates. In addition, hedge funds’ assets are subject to the risk of the failure of any of the exchanges on which their positions trade or of their clearinghouses or counterparties. Most U.S. commodities exchanges limit fluctuations in certain commodity interest prices during a single day by imposing “daily price fluctuation limits” or “daily limits,” the existence of which may reduce liquidity or effectively curtail trading in particular markets. As a result of their affiliation with us, our hedge funds may from time to time be restricted from trading in certain securities (e.g., publicly traded securities issued by our current or potential portfolio companies). This may limit their ability to acquire and/or subsequently dispose of certain investments. In addition, the use of leverage poses additional risks, including those described in “—Dependence on significant leverage in investments by our funds could adversely affect our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments.” 

We are reliant on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business, and are subject to risks in using prime brokers, custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents. 

We are reliant on other third-party service providers for certain technology platforms that facilitate the continued operation of our business, including 
cloud-based services. We generally have less control over the delivery of such 
third-party services, and as a result, may face disruptions to our ability to operate our business as a result of interruptions of such services. In addition, a failure to adequately monitor a third-party service provider’s compliance with a service level agreement or regulatory or legal requirements could result in economic and reputational harm to us. A prolonged global failure of cloud services provided to us could result in cascading systems failures. In addition, we may not be able to adapt our information systems and technology to accommodate our growth, or the cost of maintaining such systems may increase materially from its current level, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

66 

Table of Contents

Many of our funds depend on the services of prime brokers, custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents, including to carry out certain securities and derivatives transactions. The terms of these contracts are often customized and complex, and many of these arrangements occur in markets or relate to products that are subject to limited or no regulatory oversight. Some of our funds utilize prime brokerage arrangements with a relatively limited number of counterparties, which has the effect of concentrating the transaction volume (and related counterparty default risk) of these funds with these counterparties. Our funds are subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults, either voluntarily or involuntarily, on its performance under the contract. Any such default may occur suddenly and without notice to us. Moreover, if a counterparty defaults, we may be unable to take action to cover our exposure, either because we lack contractual recourse or because market conditions make it difficult to take effective action. This inability could occur in times of market stress, which is when defaults are most likely to occur. 

In addition, our risk management process may not accurately anticipate the impact of market stress or counterparty financial condition, and as a result, we may not have taken sufficient action to reduce our risks effectively. Default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect, foresee or evaluate. In addition, concerns about, or a default by, one large participant could lead to significant liquidity problems for other participants, which may in turn expose us to significant losses. Although we have risk management processes to ensure that we are not exposed to a single counterparty for significant periods of time, given the large number and size of our funds, we often have large positions with a single counterparty. For example, most of our funds have credit lines. If the lender under one or more of those credit lines were to become insolvent, we may have difficulty replacing the credit line and one or more of our funds may face liquidity problems. 

In the event of a counterparty default, particularly a default by a major investment bank or a default by a counterparty to a significant number of our contracts, one or more of our funds may have outstanding trades that they cannot settle or are delayed in settling. As a result, these funds could incur material losses and the resulting market impact of a major counterparty default could harm our businesses, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, under certain local clearing and settlement regimes in Europe, we or our funds could be subject to settlement discipline fines. See “—Complex regulatory regimes and potential regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the United States could adversely affect our business.” 

In the event of the insolvency of a prime broker, custodian, counterparty or any other party that is holding assets of our funds as collateral, our funds might not be able to recover equivalent assets in full as they will rank among the prime broker’s, custodian’s or counterparty’s unsecured creditors in relation to the assets held as collateral. In addition, our funds’ cash held with a prime broker, custodian or counterparty generally will not be segregated from the prime broker’s, custodian’s or counterparty’s own cash, and our funds may therefore rank as unsecured creditors in relation thereto. If our derivatives transactions are cleared through a derivatives clearing organization, the CFTC has issued final rules regulating the segregation and protection of collateral posted by customers of cleared and uncleared swaps. 

The counterparty risks that we face have increased in complexity and magnitude over time. For example, in certain areas the number of counterparties we face has increased and may continue to increase, which may result in increased complexity and monitoring costs. Conversely, in certain other areas, the consolidation and elimination of counterparties has increased our concentration of counterparty risk and decreased the universe of potential counterparties, and our funds are generally not restricted from dealing with any particular counterparty or from concentrating any or all of their transactions with one counterparty. In addition, counterparties have in the past and may in the future react to market volatility by tightening underwriting standards and increasing margin requirements for all categories of financing, which may decrease the overall amount of leverage available and increase the costs of borrowing. 

67 

Table of Contents

Underwriting activities by our capital markets services business expose us to risks. 

Blackstone Securities Partners L.P. acts as an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent in securities offerings and, through affiliated entities, loan syndications. We may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities or indebtedness we purchased or placed as an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent at the anticipated price levels or at all. As an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent, we also may be subject to liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings we underwrite, syndicate or place. 

Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 

We are not required to comply with certain provisions of U.S. securities laws relating to proxy statements and certain related matters. This, coupled with the significant voting power of holders of our Series I preferred stock and Series II preferred stock, may limit the ability of holders of our common stock to influence our business. 

Holders of our common stock are entitled to vote pursuant to Delaware law with respect to: 

•

A conversion of the legal entity form of Blackstone, 

•

A transfer, domestication or continuance of Blackstone to a foreign jurisdiction, 

•

Any amendment of our certificate of incorporation to change the par value of our common stock or the powers, preferences or special rights of our common stock in a way that would affect our common stock adversely, 

•

Any amendment of our certificate of incorporation that requires for action the vote of a greater number or portion of the holders of common stock than is required by any section of Delaware law, and 

•

Any amendment of our certificate of incorporation to elect to become a close corporation under Delaware law. 

In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides voting rights to holders of our common stock on the following additional matters: 

•

A sale, exchange or disposition of all or substantially all of our assets, 

•

A merger, consolidation or other business combination, 

•

Any amendment of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws enlarging the obligations of the common stockholders, 

•

Any amendment of our certificate of incorporation requiring the vote of the holders of a percentage of the voting power of the outstanding common stock and Series I preferred stock, voting together as a single class, to take any action in a manner that would have the effect of reducing such voting percentage and 

•

Any amendments of our certificate of incorporation that are not included in the specified set of amendments that the Series II Preferred Stockholder has the sole right to vote on. 

These matters generally require the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock and Series I preferred stock, voting together as a single class. Furthermore, our certificate of incorporation provides that the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of the outstanding shares of common stock and Series I preferred stock may vote to require the Series II Preferred Stockholder to transfer its shares of Series II preferred stock to a successor Series II Preferred Stockholder designated by the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of common stock and Series I preferred stock. 

68 

Table of Contents

Holders of our Series I preferred stock will collectively be entitled to a number of votes equal to the aggregate number of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by the limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships on the relevant record date and will vote together with holders of our common stock as a single class. As of February 20, 2026, Blackstone Partners L.L.C., an entity owned by the senior managing directors of Blackstone and controlled by Mr. Schwarzman, owned the only share of Series I preferred stock outstanding, representing approximately 37.5% of the total combined voting power of the common stock and Series I preferred stock, taken together. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain additional provisions affecting the holders of our common stock, including certain limits on the ability of the holders of our common stock to call meetings, to acquire information about our operations and to influence the manner or direction of our management. In addition, any person that beneficially owns 20% or more of the common stock then outstanding (other than the Series II Preferred Stockholder or its affiliates, a direct or subsequently approved transferee of the Series II Preferred Stockholder or its affiliates or a person or group that has acquired such stock with the prior approval of our board of directors) is unable to vote such stock on any matter submitted to such stockholders. 

Moreover, we are not required to file proxy statements or information statements under Section 14 of the Exchange Act except in circumstances where a vote of holders of our common stock is required under our certificate of incorporation or Delaware law. In addition, we will generally not be subject to the “say-on-pay”
 and 
“say-on-frequency”
 provisions of the 
Dodd-Frank Act. As a result, our common stockholders do not have an opportunity to provide a 
non-binding vote on the compensation of our named executive officers. Moreover, holders of our common stock are not able to bring matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or nominate directors at such meeting, nor are they generally able to submit stockholder proposals under Rule 
14a-8 of the Exchange Act. 

As a result, the holders of our common stock may be limited in their ability to influence our business. See “—Potential conflicts of interest may arise among the Series II Preferred Stockholder and the holders of our common stock.” 

We are a controlled company and as a result qualify for some exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements of the New York Stock Exchange. 

Because the Series II Preferred Stockholder holds more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors, we are a “controlled company” and fall within exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. Pursuant to these exceptions, controlled companies may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, including the requirements (a) that a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors, (b) that we have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors, (c) that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors and (d) that the compensation committee be required to consider certain independence factors when engaging compensation consultants, legal counsel and other committee advisers. While we currently have a majority independent board of directors, we have elected to avail ourselves of the other exceptions. Accordingly, our common stockholders generally do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE. 

Potential conflicts of interest may arise among the Series II Preferred Stockholder and the holders of our common stock. 

Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., an entity owned by senior managing directors of Blackstone and controlled by Mr. Schwarzman, is the sole holder of the Series II Preferred stock. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise among the Series II Preferred Stockholder, on the one hand, and us and our holders of our common stock, on the other hand. The Series II Preferred Stockholder has the ability to influence our business and affairs through its ownership of Series II Preferred stock, the Series II Preferred Stockholder’s general ability to appoint our 

69 

Table of Contents

board of directors, and provisions under our certificate of incorporation requiring Series II Preferred Stockholder approval for certain corporate actions (in addition to approval by our board of directors). If the holders of our common stock are dissatisfied with the performance of our board of directors, they have no ability to remove any of our directors, with or without cause. In addition, our certificate of incorporation contains provisions stating that the Series II Preferred Stockholder is under no obligation to consider the separate interests of the other stockholders (including, without limitation, the tax consequences to such stockholders) in its decisions and shall not be liable to the other stockholders for damages for any losses, liabilities or benefits not derived by such stockholders in connection with such decisions. 

Further, through its ability to elect our board of directors, the Series II Preferred Stockholder has the ability to indirectly influence the determination of the amount and timing of our funds’ investments and dispositions, cash expenditures, indebtedness, issuances of additional partnership interests, tax liabilities and amounts of reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash that is available for distribution to holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. 

In addition, conflicts may arise relating to the selection, structuring and disposition of investments and other transactions, declaring dividends and other distributions and other matters due to the fact that our senior managing directors hold their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units directly or through pass-through entities that are not subject to corporate income taxation. See “Part III. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence” and “Part III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.” 

The Series II Preferred Stockholder will not be liable to Blackstone or holders of our common stock for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment determining that the Series II Preferred Stockholder acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct and we have also agreed to indemnify the Series II Preferred Stockholder to a similar extent. 

Even if there is deemed to be a breach of the obligations set forth in our certificate of incorporation, our certificate of incorporation provides that the Series II Preferred Stockholder will not be liable to us or the holders of our common stock for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that the Series II Preferred Stockholder or its officers and directors acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct. These provisions are detrimental to the holders of our common stock because they restrict the remedies available to stockholders for actions of the Series II Preferred Stockholder. 

In addition, we have agreed to indemnify the Series II Preferred Stockholder and our former general partner and its controlling affiliates and any current or former officer or director of any of Blackstone or its subsidiaries, the Series II Preferred Stockholder or former general partner and certain other specified persons (collectively, the “Indemnitees”), to the fullest extent permitted by law, against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts incurred by an Indemnitee. We have agreed to provide this indemnification if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of Blackstone, and with respect to any alleged conduct resulting in a criminal proceeding against the Indemnitee, such person had no reasonable cause to believe that such person’s conduct was unlawful. We have also agreed to provide this indemnification for criminal proceedings. 

The Series II Preferred Stockholder may transfer its interest in the sole share of Series II preferred stock which could materially alter our operations. 

Without the approval of any other stockholder, the Series II Preferred Stockholder may transfer its sole outstanding share of Series II preferred stock to a third party with the approval of our board of directors and satisfaction of certain other requirements. Further, the members or other interest holders of the Series II Preferred Stockholder may sell or transfer all or part of their outstanding equity or other interests in the Series II Preferred 

70 

Table of Contents

Stockholder at any time without our approval. A new holder of our Series II preferred stock or new controlling members of the Series II Preferred Stockholder may appoint directors to our board who have different objectives or a different philosophy for the management of our business, including the hiring and compensation of our investment professionals, from those of our current directors. If any of the foregoing were to occur, we could experience a material change in our operations which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We intend to pay regular dividends to holders of our common stock, but our ability to do so may be limited by cash flow from operations and available liquidity, our holding company structure, applicable provisions of Delaware law and contractual restrictions. 

Our intention is to pay to holders of common stock a quarterly dividend representing approximately 85% of Blackstone Inc.’s share of Distributable Earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by Blackstone’s board of directors to be necessary or appropriate under our dividend policy. The foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any dividends are at the sole discretion of our board of directors, and may change at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce such quarterly dividends or to eliminate such dividends entirely. 

Blackstone Inc. is a holding company and has no material assets other than the ownership of the partnership units in Blackstone Holdings held through wholly owned subsidiaries. Blackstone Inc. has no independent means of generating revenue. Accordingly, we intend to cause Blackstone Holdings to make distributions to its partners, including Blackstone Inc.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, to fund any dividends Blackstone Inc. may declare on our common stock. 

Our ability to make dividends to our stockholders will depend on a number of factors, including among others general economic and business conditions, our strategic plans and prospects, our business and investment opportunities, our financial condition and operating results, including the timing and extent of our realizations, working capital requirements and anticipated cash needs, contractual restrictions and obligations including fulfilling our current and future capital commitments, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions, restrictions and other implications on the payment of dividends by us to holders of our common stock or payment of distributions by our subsidiaries to us and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. Our ability to pay dividends is also subject to the availability of lawful funds therefor as determined in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

We are required to pay our senior managing directors for most of the benefits relating to any additional tax depreciation or amortization deductions we may claim as a result of the tax basis step-up we received as part of the reorganization we implemented in connection with our IPO or receive in connection with future exchanges of our common stock and related transactions. 

As part of the reorganization we implemented in connection with our IPO, we purchased interests in our business from our pre-IPO owners. In addition, holders of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings (other than Blackstone Inc.’s wholly owned subsidiaries), subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, may up to four times each year (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement) exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for shares of Blackstone Inc.’s common stock on a 
one-for-one
 basis. A Blackstone Holdings limited partner must exchange one partnership unit in each of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to effect an exchange for a share of common stock. The purchase and subsequent exchanges are expected to result in increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings that otherwise would not have been available. These increases in tax basis may increase (for tax purposes) depreciation and amortization and therefore reduce the amount of tax that we would otherwise be required to pay in the future, although the IRS may challenge all or part of that tax basis increase, and a court could sustain such a challenge. 

71 

Table of Contents

We have entered into tax receivable agreements with our senior managing directors and other pre-IPO owners that provides for the payment by us to the counterparties of 85% of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax or franchise tax that we actually realize as a result of these increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to entering into the tax receivable agreements, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the tax receivable agreements. This payment obligation is an obligation of Blackstone Inc. and/or its wholly owned subsidiaries and not of Blackstone Holdings. As such, the cash distributions to public stockholders may vary from holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (held by Blackstone personnel and others) to the extent payments are made under the tax receivable agreements to selling holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. As the payments reflect actual tax savings received by Blackstone entities, there may be a timing difference between the tax savings received by Blackstone entities and the cash payments to selling holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. While the actual increase in tax basis, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under these agreements, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the price of our common stock at the time of the exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable and the amount and timing of our income, we expect that as a result of the size of the increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings, the payments that we may make under the tax receivable agreements will be substantial. The payments under a tax receivable agreement are not conditioned upon a tax receivable agreement counterparty’s continued ownership of us. We may need to incur debt to finance payments under the tax receivable agreements to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the tax receivable agreements as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise. 

Although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the IRS to challenge a tax basis increase, the tax receivable agreement counterparties will not reimburse us for any payments previously made under the tax receivable agreements. As a result, in certain circumstances payments to the counterparties under the tax receivable agreements could be in excess of our actual cash tax savings. Our ability to achieve benefits from any tax basis increase, and the payments to be made under the tax receivable agreements, will depend upon a number of factors, as discussed above, including the timing and amount of our future income. 

If Blackstone Inc. were deemed an “investment company” under the 1940 Act, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

An entity will generally be deemed to be an “investment company” for purposes of the 1940 Act if: (a) it is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities, or (b) absent an applicable exemption, it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We hold ourselves out as engaging, and believe that we are engaged primarily in, the business of providing asset management and capital markets services and not in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We also believe that the primary source of income from each of our businesses is properly characterized as income earned in exchange for the provision of services. Accordingly, we do not believe that Blackstone Inc. is an “orthodox” investment company as described in clause (a) in the first sentence of this paragraph. Furthermore, Blackstone Inc. does not have any material assets other than its general partner interests in the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and its equity interests in certain wholly owned subsidiaries (which in turn have no material assets other than intercompany debt). These wholly owned subsidiaries are the sole general partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and are vested with all management and control over the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. We do not believe these assets are investment securities. Moreover, because we believe that the capital interests of the general partners of our funds in their respective funds are neither securities nor investment securities, we believe that less than 40% of Blackstone Inc.’s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis are comprised of assets that could be considered investment securities. Accordingly, we do not believe Blackstone Inc. is an inadvertent investment company by virtue of the 40% test described in clause (b) in the first sentence of this paragraph. In addition, we believe Blackstone Inc. is not an investment company under Section 3(b)(1) of the 1940 Act because it is primarily engaged in a non-investment company business. 

72 

Table of Contents

The 1940 Act and the rules thereunder contain detailed parameters for the organization and operation of investment companies. Among other things, the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities, generally prohibit the issuance of options and impose certain governance requirements. Accordingly, Blackstone Inc. conducts its operations so that it will not be deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 Act. If Blackstone Inc. were deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 Act, it would have to comply with rules thereunder, which could impose limitations on our capital structure, ability to transact business with affiliates and compensate key employees. This could make it impractical to continue our business as currently conducted, impair the agreements and arrangements between and among Blackstone Inc., Blackstone Holdings and our senior managing directors, or any combination thereof, and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Other anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents could delay or prevent a change in control. 

In addition to the provisions described elsewhere relating to the Series II Preferred Stockholder’s control, other provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control or a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable by, for example: 

•

permitting our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock, 

•

providing for the loss of voting rights for the common stock, 

•

requiring advance notice for stockholder proposals and nominations if they are ever permitted by applicable law, 

•

placing limitations on convening stockholder meetings, 

•

prohibiting stockholder action by written consent unless such action is consented to by the Series II Preferred Stockholder and 

•

imposing super-majority voting requirements for certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

The price of our common stock may decline due to the large number of shares of common stock eligible for future sale and for exchange. 

The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of common stock in the market in the future or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell shares of common stock in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. In connection with our initial public offering, we entered into an exchange agreement with holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units (other than Blackstone Inc.’s wholly owned subsidiaries) so that these holders, subject to vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements, transfer restrictions and other terms, may up to four times each year exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for shares of Blackstone Inc. common stock on a one-for-one
 basis We have entered into a registration rights agreement with such limited partners that requires us to register these shares of common stock under the Securities Act and we have filed registration statements that cover the delivery of common stock issued upon exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. See “Part III. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence — Transactions with Related Persons — Registration Rights Agreement.” While the Blackstone Holdings partnership agreements and related agreements restrict the ability of Blackstone personnel to transfer Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or Blackstone Inc. common stock and require that they maintain a minimum amount of equity ownership during their employ by us, these contractual provisions may lapse over time or be waived, modified or amended at any time. In addition, the Blackstone Holdings partnership agreements authorize Blackstone to issue an unlimited number of additional partnership securities with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, and which may be exchangeable for our shares of common stock. 

73 

Table of Contents

We additionally have and may in the future grant deferred restricted shares of common stock and deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to our non-senior managing director professionals and senior managing directors under the Blackstone Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (“2007 Equity Incentive Plan”). We have filed and intend to file additional registration statements on Form 
S-8 under the Securities Act to register common stock covered by the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (including pursuant to automatic annual increases). Any such Form 
S-8 registration statement will automatically become effective upon filing. Moreover, we have filed a registration statement on Form 
S-3 under the Securities Act to register common stock, among other securities, for future offerings. Accordingly, common stock registered under such registration statement will be available for sale in the open market. 

Our certificate of incorporation also provides us with a right to acquire all of the then outstanding shares of common stock under specified circumstances, which may adversely affect the price of our shares of common stock and the ability of holders of shares of common stock to participate in further growth in our stock price. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that, if at any time, less than 10% of the total shares of any class of our stock then outstanding (other than Series I preferred stock and Series II preferred stock) is held by persons other than the Series II Preferred Stockholder and its affiliates, we may exercise our right to call and purchase all of the then outstanding shares of common stock held by persons other than the Series II Preferred Stockholder or its affiliates or assign this right to the Series II Preferred Stockholder or any of its affiliates. As a result, a stockholder may have his or her shares of common stock purchased from him or her at an undesirable time or price and in a manner which adversely affects the ability of a stockholder to participate in further growth in our stock price. 

Our amended and restated bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or the federal district courts of the United States of America, as applicable, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with Blackstone or our directors, officers or other employees. 

Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, stockholders or employees to us or our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against us arising under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”), our certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (d) any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 

Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the federal securities laws of the United States, including, in each case, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provision in our amended and restated bylaws. This choice-of-forum
 provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a different judicial forum, including one that it may find favorable or convenient for a specified class of disputes with Blackstone or our directors, officers, other stockholders or employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our amended and restated bylaws inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.