.

Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to our investors. We refer to the shares of our common stock and the units
of limited partnership interest in BPLP together as our “securities,” and the investors who own shares or units, or both, as our “securityholders.” This section contains forward-looking statements. You should refer to the
explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements beginning on page 48. 

Our performance and value are subject to risks associated with our real estate assets and with the real estate industry. 

Our economic performance and the value of our real estate
assets, and consequently the value of our securities, are subject to the risk that if our properties do not generate revenues sufficient to meet our operating expenses, including debt service and capital expenditures, our cash flow and ability to
pay distributions to our securityholders will be adversely affected. The following factors, among others, may adversely affect the income generated by our properties: 

•

 downturns in the national, regional and local economic conditions (particularly increases in unemployment); 

•

 competition from other office, hotel, retail and residential buildings; 

•

 local real estate market conditions, such as oversupply or reduction in demand for office, hotel, retail or residential space;

•

 changes in interest rates and availability of financing; 

•

 vacancies, changes in market rental rates and the need to periodically repair, renovate and re-let space; 

•

 changes in space utilization by our tenants due to technology, economic conditions and business culture; 

•

 increased operating costs, including insurance expense, utilities, real estate taxes, state and local taxes and heightened security costs;

•

 civil disturbances, earthquakes and other natural disasters or terrorist acts or acts of war which may result in uninsured or underinsured losses or
decrease the desirability to our tenants in impacted locations; 

•

 significant expenditures associated with each investment, such as debt service payments, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs which are
generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in revenues from a property; 

•

 declines in the financial condition of our tenants and our ability to collect rents from our tenants; and 

•

 decreases in the underlying value of our real estate. 

We are dependent upon the economic climates of our markets—Boston,
New York, San Francisco and Washington, DC. 

All of our revenue is derived from properties located in four markets: Boston, New York, San Francisco and Washington, DC. A downturn in the economies of these markets, or the impact that a downturn in
the overall national economy may have upon these economies, could result in reduced demand for office space. Because our portfolio consists primarily of office buildings (as compared to a more diversified real estate portfolio), a decrease in demand
for office space in turn could adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, there are submarkets within our markets that are dependent upon a limited number of industries. For example, in our Washington, DC market we focus on leasing
office properties to governmental agencies and contractors, as well as legal firms. A reduction in spending by the federal government could result in reduced demand for office space and adversely effect our results of operations. In addition, in our
New York market we have historically 

17 

Table of Contents

leased properties to financial, legal and other professional firms. A significant downturn in one or more of these sectors could adversely affect our results of operations. 

In addition, a significant economic downturn over a period of
time could result in an event or change in circumstances that results in an impairment in the value of our properties or our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the asset
(1) is not recoverable over its expected holding period and (2) exceeds its fair value. There can be no assurance that we will not take charges in the future related to the impairment of our assets or investments. Any future impairment
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the charge is taken. 

Our investment in property development may be more costly than anticipated. 

We intend to continue to develop and substantially renovate office, retail and residential properties. Our current and future development
and construction activities may be exposed to the following risks: 

•

 we may be unable to proceed with the development of properties because we cannot obtain financing on favorable terms or at all;

•

 we may incur construction costs for a development project that exceed our original estimates due to increases in interest rates and increased
materials, labor, leasing or other costs, which could make completion of the project less profitable because market rents may not increase sufficiently to compensate for the increase in construction costs; 

•

 we may be unable to obtain, or face delays in obtaining, required zoning, land-use, building, occupancy, and other governmental permits and
authorizations, which could result in increased costs and could require us to abandon our activities entirely with respect to a project; 

•

 we may abandon development opportunities after we begin to explore them and as a result we may lose deposits or fail to recover expenses already
incurred; 

•

 we may expend funds on and devote management’s time to projects which we do not complete; 

•

 we may be unable to complete construction and/or leasing of a property on schedule or at all; and 

•

 we may suspend development projects after construction has begun due to changes in economic conditions or other factors, and this may result in the
write-off of costs, payment of additional costs or increases in overall costs when the development project is restarted. 

Investment returns from our developed properties may be less than anticipated. 

Our developed properties may be exposed to the following risks: 

•

 we may lease developed properties at rental rates that are less than the rates projected at the time we decide to undertake the development;

•

 operating expenses may be greater than projected at the time of development, resulting in our investment being less profitable than we expected; and

•

 occupancy rates and rents at newly developed properties may fluctuate depending on a number of factors, including market and economic conditions, and
may result in our investments being less profitable than we expected or not profitable at all. 

We face risks associated with the development of mixed-use commercial properties. 

We operate, are currently developing, and may in the future develop, properties either alone or through joint ventures with other persons
that are known as “mixed-use” developments. This means that in addition to the development of office space, the project may also include space for residential, retail, hotel or other commercial

18 

Table of Contents

purposes. We have limited experience in developing and managing non-office and non-retail real estate. As a result, if a development project includes a non-office or non-retail use, we may seek
to develop that component ourselves, sell the rights to that component to a third-party developer with experience in that use or we may seek to partner with such a developer. If we do not sell the rights or partner with such a developer, or if we
choose to develop the other component ourselves, we would be exposed not only to those risks typically associated with the development of commercial real estate generally, but also to specific risks associated with the development and ownership of
non-office and non-retail real estate. In addition, even if we sell the rights to develop the other component or elect to participate in the development through a joint venture, we may be exposed to the risks associated with the failure of the
other party to complete the development as expected. These include the risk that the other party would default on its obligations necessitating that we complete the other component ourselves (including providing any necessary financing). In the case
of residential properties, these risks include competition for prospective residents from other operators whose properties may be perceived to offer a better location or better amenities or whose rent may be perceived as a better value given the
quality, location and amenities that the resident seeks. We will also compete against condominiums and single-family homes that are for sale or rent. Because we have limited experience with residential properties, we expect to retain third parties
to manage our residential properties. If we decide to not sell or participate in a joint venture and instead hire a third party manager, we would be dependent on them and their key personnel who provide services to us and we may not find a
suitable replacement if the management agreement is terminated, or if key personnel leave or otherwise become unavailable to us. 

We face risks associated with the use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments, including refinancing risk. 

We are subject to the risks normally associated with debt
financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest. We anticipate that only a small portion of the principal of our debt will be repaid prior to maturity. Therefore, we are
likely to need to refinance at least a portion of our outstanding debt as it matures. There is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing debt or that the terms of any refinancing will not be as favorable as the terms of our existing debt.
If principal payments due at maturity cannot be refinanced, extended or repaid with proceeds from other sources, such as new equity capital, our cash flow may not be sufficient to repay all maturing debt in years when significant “balloon”
payments come due. In addition, we may rely on debt to fund a portion of our new investments such as our acquisition and development activity. There is a risk that we may be unable to finance these activities on favorable terms or at all. These
conditions, which increase the cost and reduce the availability of debt, may continue or worsen in the future. 

We have agreements with a number of limited partners of BPLP who contributed properties in exchange for partnership interests that require
BPLP to maintain for specified periods of time secured debt on certain of our assets and/or allocate partnership debt to such limited partners to enable them to continue to defer recognition of their taxable gain with respect to the contributed
property. These tax protection and debt allocation agreements may restrict our ability to repay or refinance debt. 

Adverse economic and geopolitical conditions and dislocations in the credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay
distributions to you. 

Our business may
be affected by market and economic challenges experienced by the U.S. economy or real estate industry as a whole, by the local economic conditions in the markets in which our properties are located, including the continuing impact of high
unemployment, and by international economic conditions. These current conditions, or similar conditions existing in the future, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions as a result of the
following, among other potential consequences: 

•

 the financial condition of our tenants, many of which are financial, legal and other professional firms, may be adversely affected, which may result in
tenant defaults under leases due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failures or for other reasons; 

19 

Table of Contents

•

 significant job losses in the financial and professional services industries may occur, which may decrease demand for our office space, causing market
rental rates and property values to be negatively impacted; 

•

 our ability to borrow on terms and conditions that we find acceptable, or at all, may be limited, which could reduce our ability to pursue acquisition
and development opportunities and refinance existing debt, reduce our returns from our acquisition and development activities and increase our future interest expense; 

•

 reduced values of our properties may limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or to obtain debt financing secured by our properties
and may reduce the availability of unsecured loans; 

•

 the value and liquidity of our short-term investments and cash deposits could be reduced as a result of a deterioration of the financial condition of
the institutions that hold our cash deposits or the institutions or assets in which we have made short-term investments, a dislocation of the markets for our short-term investments, increased volatility in market rates for such investments or other
factors; 

•

 one or more lenders under our line of credit could refuse to fund their financing commitment to us or could fail and we may not be able to replace the
financing commitment of any such lenders on favorable terms, or at all; and 

•

 to the extent we enter into derivative financial instruments, one or more counterparties to our derivative financial instruments could default on their
obligations to us, or could fail, increasing the risk that we may not realize the benefits of these instruments. 

An increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on variable rate debt and could adversely impact our ability to refinance existing
debt or sell assets on favorable terms or at all. 

As of February 23, 2015, we had no outstanding indebtedness, excluding our unconsolidated joint ventures, that bears interest at variable rates, but we may incur such indebtedness in the future. If
interest rates increase, then so would the interest costs on our unhedged variable rate debt, which could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to pay principal and interest on our debt and our ability to make distributions to our
securityholders. Further, rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures or significantly increase our future interest expense. From time to time, we enter into interest rate swap agreements and other
interest rate hedging contracts, including swaps, caps and floors. While these agreements are intended to lessen the impact of rising interest rates on us, they also expose us to the risk that the other parties to the agreements will
not perform, we could incur significant costs associated with the settlement of the agreements, the agreements will be unenforceable and the underlying transactions will fail to qualify as highly-effective cash flow
hedges under guidance included in ASC 815 “Derivatives and Hedging.” In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amounts third-parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to change our
portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. 

Covenants in our debt agreements could adversely affect our financial condition. 

The mortgages on our properties contain customary covenants such as those that limit our ability, without the prior consent of the lender,
to further mortgage the applicable property or to discontinue insurance coverage. Our unsecured credit facility, unsecured debt securities and certain secured loans contain customary restrictions, requirements and other limitations on our ability to
incur indebtedness, including total debt to asset ratios, secured debt to total asset ratios, debt service coverage ratios and minimum ratios of unencumbered assets to unsecured debt, which we must maintain. Our continued ability to borrow under our
credit facilities is subject to compliance with our financial and other covenants. In addition, our failure to comply with such covenants could cause a default under the applicable debt agreement, and we may then be required to repay such debt with
capital from other sources. Under those circumstances, other sources of capital may not be available to us, or be available only on unattractive terms. Additionally, in the future our ability to satisfy current or prospective

20 

Table of Contents

lenders’ insurance requirements may be adversely affected if lenders generally insist upon greater insurance coverage against acts of terrorism or losses resulting from earthquakes than is
available to us in the marketplace or on commercially reasonable terms. 

We rely on debt financing, including borrowings under our unsecured credit facility, issuances of unsecured debt securities and debt secured by individual properties, to finance our existing portfolio,
our acquisition and development activities and for working capital. If we are unable to obtain debt financing from these or other sources, or to refinance existing indebtedness upon maturity, our financial condition and results of operations would
likely be adversely affected. If we breach covenants in our debt agreements, the lenders can declare a default and, if the debt is secured, can take possession of the property securing the defaulted loan. In addition, our unsecured debt agreements
contain specific cross-default provisions with respect to specified other indebtedness, giving the unsecured lenders the right to declare a default if we are in default under other loans in some circumstances. Defaults under our debt agreements
could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our degree of leverage could limit our ability to obtain additional financing or affect the market price of our common stock or debt securities. 

On February 23, 2015, our total consolidated debt was
approximately $9.9 billion (i.e., excluding unconsolidated joint venture debt). Consolidated debt to total consolidated market capitalization ratio, defined as total consolidated debt as a percentage of the market value of our outstanding equity
securities plus our total consolidated debt, is a measure of leverage commonly used by analysts in the REIT sector. Our total consolidated market capitalization was approximately $34.3 billion at February 23, 2015. Total consolidated market
capitalization was calculated using the closing stock price of $140.93 per common share and the following: (1) 153,187,903 shares of our common stock, (2) 16,442,774 outstanding common units of limited partnership interest in Boston