emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may
cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results.
Investors should also refer to our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for future periods and current reports on Form 8-K as we file them with the SEC, and to other materials we may furnish to the public from time to time through Forms 8-K or otherwise,
for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to update any
forward-looking statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, future events, or otherwise, and you should not rely upon these forward-looking statements after the date of this report. 

Overview 

We are a fully integrated self-administered and self-managed REIT and one of the largest owners and developers
of Class A office properties in the United States. Our properties are concentrated in five markets—Boston, midtown Manhattan, Washington, DC, San Francisco and Princeton, NJ. We generate revenue and cash primarily by leasing our
Class A office space to our tenants. Factors we consider when we lease space include the creditworthiness of the tenant, the length of the lease, the rental rate to be paid, the costs of tenant improvements and other landlord concessions,
current and anticipated operating costs and real estate taxes, our current and anticipated vacancy, current and anticipated future demand for office space and general economic factors. From time to time, we also generate cash through the sale of
assets. 

Our core strategy has always been to
operate in supply-constrained markets with high barriers to entry and to focus on executing long-term leases with financially strong tenants. Historically, this combination has tended to reduce our exposure in down cycles and enhance revenues as
market conditions improve. While the high rate 

49 

Table of Contents

of unemployment continues to negatively impact the fundamentals of our business in many of our markets, we believe that rental rates in all of our markets have stabilized and we are seeing
gradual improvement in select submarkets. 

To be
successful in the current leasing environment, we believe all aspects of the tenant-landlord relationship must be considered. In this regard, we believe that our understanding of tenants’ short- and long-term space needs in the local markets,
our relationships with local brokers, our reputation as a premier owner and operator of Class A office properties, our financial strength and our ability to maintain high building standards provide us with a competitive advantage in an
increasingly fragmented office market. Additionally, the premier locations and high caliber of our assets are resulting in increased leasing activity as we are seeing a flight to quality by office tenants. In 2010 we signed leases for more than
6.5 million square feet of space, which exceeds by approximately 2.2 million square feet our annual average over the past five years, and we are seeing improvements in market economics in New York City and other isolated submarkets.
Nevertheless, we continue to believe that general office market conditions are dependent on the impact of a recovery in the labor markets, and we are therefore not predicting significant rental rate growth or markedly fewer landlord concessions in
the near-term. 

As of December 31, 2010,
leases representing approximately 6.9% of the space at our properties expire during 2011. While rental rates in our markets appear to have stabilized, as leases expire, assuming no change in current market rental rates, we expect the rental rates we
are likely to achieve on any new leases will generally be less than the rates currently being paid, thereby generally resulting in less revenue from the same space. For example, we estimate that the average rent currently paid by our office
tenants for leases that expire during 2011 is approximately 3% greater than current market rates for comparable space. Because the individual labor and industry markets may recover at different paces, we may see varying degrees of strength or
softness in our core markets. We expect tenants in our markets to continue to take advantage of the ability to upgrade to high-quality space like ours, particularly those who value our operational expertise and financial stability when making
their leasing decisions. 

Current market
conditions, characterized by overleveraged real estate assets and property owners with insufficient capital resources, have provided opportunities for well capitalized companies and seasoned operators, such as us, to acquire high-quality assets.
Over the past six months, we acquired three Class A office properties that we had been monitoring and evaluating for some time, which are 510 Madison Avenue in New York City, the John Hancock Tower in Boston and Bay Colony Corporate Center in
Waltham, Massachusetts. Each of these properties was for sale because of the aggressive capital structures used to develop or purchase them during the last economic cycle when high-leverage debt capital was readily available. We believe these
acquisitions present attractive opportunities for long-term value creation through the use of our operational, managerial and financial strength. The acquisition of the approximately 1,700,000 square foot iconic John Hancock Tower will
strengthen our foothold in Boston’s Back Bay office market. In addition, Bay Colony Corporate Center, an approximately 1,000,000 square foot, four-building office park that has undergone four ownership changes over the past few years, has
experienced deteriorating occupancy and has recently received minimal capital investment. These factors combined with its strong location and historical reputation as one of the premier suburban Boston office addresses present an attractive
repositioning and leasing opportunity for a developer and manager such as us. Finally, 510 Madison Avenue, an approximately 347,000 square foot office building that is under development, had been largely ignored by the leasing community due to its
uncertain ownership status. Our initial leasing activity has been stronger than expected and we continue to generate positive interest in the building. 

We believe other acquisition opportunities like those discussed above will continue to present themselves in 2011. However, potential
buyers have also become more aggressive about expectations for a recovery as evidenced by the high level of interest we are seeing in marketed assets. The combination of relatively low interest rates and the abundance of capital seeking high-quality
assets may have a dampening effect on return expectations. While our management team is actively seeking opportunities, we will maintain our disciplined investment strategy, which focuses on high-quality assets in supply-constrained markets that
have historically 

50 

Table of Contents

provided long-term value creation. As we seek to deploy capital in 2011, we also expect to actively market some selected assets for sale. We structured the acquisition of the John Hancock Tower
as a reverse like-kind exchange, which is intended to provide us the flexibility to sell certain assets and retain capital for future investments or the reduction of debt. We are currently evaluating market interest in a sale of all or a significant
interest in our Carnegie Center portfolio and may identify other assets for potential sale in 2011. 

Given the recent low interest rate environment and the opportunity to further enhance our capital position and elongate our debt maturity schedule, we have also been active in the capital
markets. Since January 1, 2010, five of our joint ventures have refinanced approximately $714 million in secured financings. In April 2010, our Operating Partnership completed a public offering of $700 million aggregate principal amount of
5.625% senior notes due 2020 that raised aggregate net proceeds of approximately $694 million, and in November 2010, our Operating Partnership completed a public offering of $850 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125% senior notes due 2021
that raised aggregate net proceeds of approximately $837 million. We used the proceeds of the November offering to reduce a significant portion of our near-term debt maturities. Specifically, we redeemed $700 million of our Operating
Partnership’s 6.25% senior notes due 2013 and we repurchased $50 million of our Operating Partnership’s 2.875% exchangeable senior notes due 2037 that the holders may require our Operating Partnership to repurchase in February 2012. Our
remaining liquidity, including available cash as of February 18, 2011 of approximately $327 million and full availability under our Operating Partnership’s $1.0 billion line of credit, is expected to provide sufficient capacity to
fund the completion of our development pipeline and provide capital for future investments. We believe the quality of our assets and our strong balance sheet are attractive to lenders’ and equity investors’ current investment selectivity
and should enable us to continue to access multiple sources of capital. 

We believe the successful lease-up and completion of our development pipeline will enhance our long-term return on equity and earnings growth as these developments are placed in-service through 2012. We
are working towards the commencement of two new developments and two redevelopments in the Washington, DC market in 2011. We have also had discussions with potential tenants for our 250 West 55th Street development project in New York City. Although
these discussions are in the preliminary stages and we have not yet made a decision to commence construction, we are encouraged that the market in midtown Manhattan has recovered to the point that these discussions are taking place. 

For descriptions of significant transactions that we entered
into during 2010, see “Item 1. Business—Transactions During 2010.” 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, requires management to use judgment in the application of
accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and
circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. From time to time, we evaluate our
estimates and assumptions. In the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual results, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information. Below is a discussion of accounting policies that we consider
critical in that they may require complex judgment in their application or require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Real Estate 

Upon acquisitions of real estate, we assess the fair value of acquired tangible and intangible assets, including land, buildings, tenant
improvements, “above-” and “below-market” leases, leasing and assumed 

51 

Table of Contents

financing origination costs, acquired in-place leases, other identified intangible assets and assumed liabilities, and allocate the purchase price to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities,
including land at appraised value and buildings as if vacant. We assess and consider fair value based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize discount and/or capitalization rates that we deem appropriate, as well as available market
information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, known and anticipated trends, and market and economic conditions. The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property
considers the value of the property as if it were vacant. We also consider an allocation of purchase price of other acquired intangibles, including acquired in-place leases that may have a customer relationship intangible value, including (but not
limited to) the nature and extent of the existing relationship with the tenants, the tenant’s credit quality and expectations of lease renewals. Based on our acquisitions to date, our allocation to customer relationship intangible assets has
been immaterial. 

We record acquired
“above-” and “below-market” leases at their fair values (using a discount rate which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) equal to the difference between (1) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to
each in-place lease and (2) management’s estimate of fair market lease rates for each corresponding in-place lease, measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market leases and the initial term plus the term
of any below-market fixed rate renewal options for below-market leases. Other intangible assets acquired include amounts for in-place lease values that are based on our evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant’s lease. Factors
to be considered include estimates of carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods considering current market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases. In estimating carrying costs, we include real estate taxes, insurance and
other operating expenses and estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the expected lease-up periods, depending on local market conditions. In estimating costs to execute similar leases, we consider leasing commissions, legal and other
related expenses. 

Management reviews its
long-lived assets used in operations for impairment following the end of each quarter and when there is an event or change in circumstances that indicates an impairment in value. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of its assets
is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. If such criteria are present, an impairment loss is recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value. The evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective
and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. Since cash flows on properties considered to be “long-lived assets to be
held and used” are considered on an undiscounted basis to determine whether an asset has been impaired, our established strategy of holding properties over the long term directly decreases the likelihood of recording an impairment loss. If our
strategy changes or market conditions otherwise dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized and such loss could be material. If we determine that impairment has occurred, the affected assets must be reduced to their fair
value. 

ASC 360 requires that qualifying assets
and liabilities and the results of operations that have been sold, or otherwise qualify as “held for sale,” be presented as discontinued operations in all periods presented if the property operations are expected to be eliminated and we
will not have significant continuing involvement following the sale. The components of the property’s net income that is reflected as discontinued operations include the net gain (or loss) upon the disposition of the property held for sale,
operating results, depreciation and interest expense (if the property is subject to a secured loan). We generally consider assets to be “held for sale” when the transaction has been approved by our Board of Directors, or a committee
thereof, and there are no known significant contingencies relating to the sale, such that the property sale within one year is considered probable. Following the classification of a property as “held for sale,” no further depreciation is
recorded on the assets and the asset is written down to the lower of carrying value or fair market value. 

Real estate is stated at depreciated cost. A variety of costs are incurred in the acquisition, development and leasing of properties. The
cost of buildings and improvements includes the purchase price of property, legal fees and other acquisition costs. Effective January 1, 2009, we are required to expense costs that an acquirer incurs to effect a business combination such as
legal, due diligence and other closing related costs. Costs directly related to the development of properties are capitalized. Capitalized development costs include interest, internal wages, 

52 

Table of Contents

property taxes, insurance, and other project costs incurred during the period of development. After the determination is made to capitalize a cost, it is allocated to the specific component of a
project that is benefited. Determination of when a development project commences and capitalization begins, and when a development project is substantially complete and held available for occupancy and capitalization must cease involves a degree of
judgment. Our capitalization policy on development properties is guided by guidance in ASC 835-20 “Capitalization of Interest” and ASC 970 “Real Estate—General” (formerly known as SFAS No. 34 “Capitalization of
Interest Cost” and SFAS No. 67 “Accounting for Costs and the Initial Rental Operations of Real Estate Projects”). The costs of land and buildings under development include specifically identifiable costs. The capitalized costs
include pre-construction costs necessary to the development of the property, development costs, construction costs, interest costs, real estate taxes, salaries and related costs and other costs incurred during the period of development. We begin the
capitalization of costs during the pre-construction period which we define as activities that are necessary to the development of the property. We consider a construction project as substantially completed and held available for occupancy upon the
completion of tenant improvements, but no later than one year from cessation of major construction activity. We cease capitalization on the portion (1) substantially completed, (2) occupied or held available for occupancy, and we
capitalize only those costs associated with the portion under construction, or (3) if activities necessary for the development of the property have been suspended. 

Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 

Except for ownership interests in variable interest entities
for which we are the primary beneficiary, we account for our investments in joint ventures under the equity method of accounting because we exercise significant influence over, but do not control, these entities. Our judgment with respect to our
level of influence or control of an entity and whether we are the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity involves the consideration of various factors including the form of our ownership interest, our representation in the entity’s
governance, the size of our investment (including loans), estimates of future cash flows, our ability to participate in policy making decisions and the rights of the other investors to participate in the decision making process and to replace us as
manager and/or liquidate the venture, if applicable. Our assessment of our influence or control over an entity affects the presentation of these investments in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

These investments are recorded initially at cost, as
Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures, and subsequently adjusted for equity in earnings and cash contributions and distributions. Any difference between the carrying amount of these investments on our balance sheet and the underlying equity
in net assets is amortized as an adjustment to equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures over the life of the related asset. Under the equity method of accounting, our net equity is reflected within the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and our
share of net income or loss from the joint ventures is included within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The joint venture agreements may designate different percentage allocations among investors for profits and losses, however, our
recognition of joint venture income or loss generally follows the joint venture’s distribution priorities, which may change upon the achievement of certain investment return thresholds. We may account for cash distributions in excess of our
investment in an unconsolidated joint venture as income when we are not the general partner in a limited partnership and when we have neither the requirement nor the intent to provide financial support to the joint venture. For ownership interests
in variable interest entities, we consolidate those in which we are the primary beneficiary. Our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures are reviewed for impairment periodically and we record impairment charges when events or circumstances
change indicating that a decline in the fair value below the carrying values have occurred and such decline is other-than-temporary. The ultimate realization of our investment in unconsolidated joint ventures is dependent on a number of factors,
including the performance of each investment and market conditions. We will record an impairment charge if we determine that a decline in the value below the carrying value of an investment in an unconsolidated joint venture is other than temporary.

To the extent that we contribute assets to a
joint venture, our investment in the joint venture is recorded at our cost basis in the assets that were contributed to the joint venture. To the extent that our cost basis is different 

53 

Table of Contents

than the basis reflected at the joint venture level, the basis difference is amortized over the life of the related asset and included in our share of equity in net income of the joint venture.
We will recognize gains on the contribution of real estate to joint ventures, relating solely to the outside partner’s interest, to the extent the economic substance of the transaction is a sale. 

The combined summarized financial information of the
unconsolidated joint ventures is disclosed in Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Revenue Recognition 

Contractual rental revenue is reported on a straight-line basis over the terms of our respective leases. We recognize rental revenue of acquired in-place “above-” and “below-market”
leases at their fair values over the terms of the respective leases. Accrued rental income as reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets represents rental income recognized in excess of rent payments actually received pursuant to the terms of the
individual lease agreements. 

For the year ended
December 31, 2010, we recorded approximately $2.4 million of rental revenue representing the adjustments of rents from “above-” and “below-market” leases. For the year ended December 31, 2010, the impact of the
straight-line rent adjustment increased rental revenue by approximately $85.1 million. These amounts exclude the adjustment of rents from “above-” and “below-market” leases and straight-line income from unconsolidated joint
ventures, which are disclosed in Note 5 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Our leasing strategy is generally to secure creditworthy tenants that meet our underwriting guidelines. Furthermore, following the initiation of a lease, we continue to actively monitor the tenant’s
creditworthiness to ensure that all tenant related assets are recorded at their realizable value. When assessing tenant credit quality, we: 

•

 review relevant financial information, including: 

•

 financial ratios; 

•

 net worth; 

•

 revenue; 

•

 cash flows; 

•

 leverage: and 

•

 liquidity; 

•

 evaluate the depth and experience of the tenant’s management team; and 

•

 assess the strength/growth of the tenant’s industry. 

As a result of the underwriting process, tenants are then
categorized into one of three categories: 

(1)

low risk tenants; 

(2)

the tenant’s credit is such that we require collateral, in which case we: 

•

 require a security deposit; and/or 

•

 reduce upfront tenant improvement investments; or 

(3)

the tenant’s credit is below our acceptable parameters. 

We consistently monitor the credit quality of our tenant base. We provide an allowance for doubtful accounts arising from estimated losses
that could result from the tenant’s inability to make required current rent payments and an allowance against accrued rental income for future potential losses that we deem to be unrecoverable over the term of the lease. 

54 

Table of Contents

Tenant receivables are assigned a credit rating of 1 through 4. A rating of 1 represents the
highest possible rating and no allowance is recorded. A rating of 4 represents the lowest credit rating, in which case we record a full reserve against the receivable balance. Among the factors considered in determining the credit rating include:

•

 payment history; 

•

 credit status and change in status (credit ratings for public companies and company financial statements are used as a primary metric);

•

 change in tenant space utilization (i.e., expansion/downsize/sublease activity); 

•

 tenant financial performance; 

•

 economic conditions in a specific geographic region; and 

•

 industry specific credit considerations. 

If our estimates of collectability differ from the cash received, then the timing and amount of our reported revenue could be impacted.
The average remaining term of our in-place tenant leases, including unconsolidated joint ventures, was approximately 7.1 years as of December 31, 2010. The credit risk is mitigated by the high quality of our existing tenant base, reviews
of prospective tenants’ risk profiles prior to lease execution and consistent monitoring of our portfolio to identify potential problem tenants. 

Recoveries from tenants, consisting of amounts due from tenants for common area maintenance, real estate taxes and other recoverable
costs, are recognized as revenue in the period during which the expenses are incurred. Tenant reimbursements are recognized and presented in accordance with guidance in ASC 605-45 “Principal Agent Considerations” (“ASC 605-45”)
(formerly known as Emerging Issues Task Force, or EITF, Issue 99-19 “Reporting Revenue Gross as a Principal versus Net as an Agent,” or (“Issue 99-19”)). ASC 605-45 requires that these reimbursements be recorded on a gross basis,
as we are generally the primary obligor with respect to purchasing goods and services from third-party suppliers, have discretion in selecting the supplier and have credit risk. We also receive reimbursement of payroll and payroll related costs from
third parties which we reflect on a net basis. 

Our hotel revenues are derived from room rentals and other sources such as charges to guests for long-distance telephone service, fax
machine use, movie and vending commissions, meeting and banquet room revenue and laundry services. Hotel revenues are recognized as earned. 

We receive management and development fees from third parties. Property management fees are recorded and earned based on a percentage of
collected rents at the properties under management, and not on a straight-line basis, because such fees are contingent upon the collection of rents. We review each development agreement and record development fees as earned depending on the risk
associated with each project. Profit on development fees earned from joint venture projects is recognized as revenue to the extent of the third party partners’ ownership interest. 

Gains on sales of real estate are recognized pursuant to the provisions included in ASC 360-20 “Real
Estate Sales” (“ASC 360-20”) (formerly known as SFAS No. 66, “Accounting for Sales of Real Estate”). The specific timing of the sale is measured against various criteria in ASC 360-20 related to the terms of the
transaction and any continuing involvement in the form of management or financial assistance associated with the properties. If the criteria for the full accrual method are not met, we defer some or all of the gain recognition and account for the
continued operations of the property by applying the finance, leasing, profit sharing, deposit, installment or cost recovery methods, as appropriate, until the sales criteria are met. 

Depreciation and Amortization 

We compute depreciation and amortization on our properties
using the straight-line method based on estimated useful asset lives. We allocate the acquisition cost of real estate to land, building, tenant improvements, acquired “above-” and “below-market” leases, origination costs and
acquired in-place leases based on an 

55 

Table of Contents

assessment of their fair value and depreciate or amortize these assets over their useful lives. The amortization of acquired “above-” and “below-market” leases and acquired
in-place leases is recorded as an adjustment to revenue and depreciation and amortization, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

For purposes of disclosure, we calculate the fair value of our mortgage notes payable and unsecured senior notes. We discount the spread
between the future contractual interest payments and hypothetical future interest payments on our mortgage debt and unsecured notes based on a current market rate. In determining the current market rate, we add our estimate of a market spread to the
quoted yields on federal government treasury securities with similar maturity dates to our own debt. Because our valuations of our financial instruments are based on these types of estimates, the actual fair value of our financial instruments may
differ materially if our estimates do not prove to be accurate. 

Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 

Derivative instruments and hedging activities require management to make judgments on the nature of its derivatives and their
effectiveness as hedges. These judgments determine if the changes in fair value of the derivative instruments are reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as a component of net income or as a component of comprehensive income and as a
component of equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. While management believes its judgments are reasonable, a change in a derivative’s effectiveness as a hedge could materially affect expenses, net income and equity. We account for the
effective portion of changes in the fair value of a derivative in other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently reclassify the effective portion to earnings over the term that the hedged transaction affects earnings. We account for the
ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of a derivative directly in earnings. 

Results of Operations 

The following discussion is based on our Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008. 

At December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, we owned or had
interests in a portfolio of 146, 146 and 147 properties, respectively (the “Total Property Portfolio”). As a result of changes within our Total Property Portfolio, the financial data presented below shows significant changes in revenue and
expenses from period-to-period. Accordingly, we do not believe that our period-to-period financial data with respect to the Total Property Portfolio are necessarily meaningful. Therefore, the comparisons of operating results for the years ended
2010, 2009 and 2008 show separately the changes attributable to the properties that were owned by us throughout each period compared (the “Same Property Portfolio”) and the changes attributable to the properties included in Properties
Acquired, Sold, Repositioned and Placed-in Service. 

In our analysis of operating results, particularly to make comparisons of net operating income between periods meaningful, it is important
to provide information for properties that were in-service and owned by us throughout each period presented. We refer to properties acquired or placed in-service prior to the beginning of the earliest period presented and owned by us through the end
of the latest period presented as our Same Property Portfolio. The Same Property Portfolio therefore excludes properties placed in-service, acquired or repositioned after the beginning of the earliest period presented or disposed of prior to the end
of the latest period presented. 

Net operating
income, or “NOI,” is a non-GAAP financial measure equal to net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc., the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, plus income attributable to noncontrolling interests, losses from early
extinguishments of debt, (losses) gains from investments in securities, net derivative losses, loss (gain) from suspension of development, depreciation and amortization, interest expense, acquisition costs and general and administrative expense,
less gains on sales of real estate, income (loss) 

56 

Table of Contents

from unconsolidated joint ventures, interest and other income and development and management services revenue. We use NOI internally as a performance measure and believe NOI provides useful
information to investors regarding our financial condition and results of operations because it reflects only those income and expense items that are incurred at the property level. Therefore, we believe NOI is a useful measure for evaluating the
operating performance of our real estate assets. 

Our management also uses NOI to evaluate regional property level performance and to make decisions about resource allocations. Further, we
believe NOI is useful to investors as a performance measure because, when compared across periods, NOI reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs and acquisition and development activity on an
unleveraged basis, providing perspective not immediately apparent from net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. NOI excludes certain components from net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. in order to provide results that are
more closely related to our properties’ results of operations. For example, interest expense is not necessarily linked to the operating performance of a real estate asset and is often incurred at the corporate level as opposed to the property
level. In addition, depreciation and amortization, because of historical cost accounting and useful life estimates, may distort operating performance at the property level. NOI presented by us may not be comparable to NOI reported by other REITs
that define NOI differently. We believe that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our operating results, NOI should be examined in conjunction with net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. as presented in our Consolidated
Financial Statements. NOI should not be considered as an alternative to net income attributable to Boston Properties, Inc. as an indication of our performance or to cash flows as a measure of liquidity or ability to make distributions. For a
reconciliation of NOI to net income attributable to Boston Properties Inc., see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2010 to the year ended December 31, 2009 

The table below shows selected operating information for the
Same Property Portfolio and the Total Property Portfolio. The Same Property Portfolio consists of 134 properties, including properties acquired or placed in-service on or prior to January 1, 2009 and owned through December 31, 2010,
totaling approximately 34.8 million net rentable square feet of space (excluding square feet of structured parking). The Total Property Portfolio includes the effects of the other properties either placed in-service, acquired or repositioned
after January 1, 2009 or disposed of on or prior to December 31, 2010. There were no properties that were sold or repositioned after January 1, 2009. This table includes a reconciliation from the Same Property Portfolio to the Total
Property Portfolio by also providing information for the year ended December 31, 2010 and 2009 with respect to the properties which were acquired and placed in-service. 

57 

Table of Contents

Same Property Portfolio